welcome to twitter, @stephenking!
check out @annaholmes last several tweets for outtakes from her @nytimesbooks column about twitter and critics
a big #twittertakeover coming from @harpercollins this friday. who will it be?
read short stories judged by jason biggs, rob delaney, piper kerman (oitnb) and tim gunn at the six-word twitter festival at @sixwords
good morning! curious as to the @manbookerprize short list? they announced today via vine!
welcome to twitter, malcolm @gladwell!
last week zadie smith took over @penguinbooksuk for a qanda with readers. it's a great read:
"the ongoing story: twitter and writing"
want to talk twitter at #bea13? visit twitter office hours with @magicandrew at 12:30p today. find him on 1e by the far windows.
how about some weekend gatsby? editors from @riffle are annotating/re-telling the story chapter by chapter on the #rifflegatsby hashtag!
"poets strip down language on twitter" from @dw_english
we're very excited to welcome author @daniellesteel to twitter!
right now: join philip pullman in a live twitter qanda via @bbcwales. use the hashtag #askpullman
poets! tweet your poems to @nypl's for their new national poetry contest on twitter:
have you played with vine yet? @wwnorton has:
looking for some 2013 reads? @bookrx by @knightlab recommends new books based on your twitter interests:
thanks to all who participated in the #twitterfiction festival. we hope you keep pushing the frontiers of storytelling on twitter!
we asked @tejucole to speak about what new frontiers of twitter storytelling could be tackled. here were three of his points:
our next #twitterfiction showcase story is the last part of @nippur's te sigo.
read the final installment of @fathombutterfly's memoir-in-tweets next on the #twitterfiction showcase.
next up on #twitterfiction, @codemeetprint highlights the most popular #vss (very short story) tweets of the festival.
read the second half of @stevieronnie's interactive poem @e_l_l_i_p_s_i_s, starting now on the #twitterfiction showcase. #dotdotdot
our #twitterfiction showcase in french continues next with the final part of @marcellasoen's story.
next up, catch up with @harpercollinsau's "around the world in 80hrs". #twitterfiction
our #twitterfiction festival continues with white house by @andrewpyper. follow @whnanny for the story.
at 3pm, we return to the parallel stories of @oneandonlylily and @twoandonlylily. #twitterfiction
our live #twitterfiction festival event is just beginning. come join us, new york.
next up on the #twitterfiction festival showcase: what is the weekend like for a @proudzombiemom?
our #twitterfiction festival showcase french stories begin next with sonnets by @dubalai @meloditx @bituur_esztreym @josephparis and @vnatrc
next up: back to "around the world in #80hrs" with @harpercollinsau on the #twitterfiction festival showcase
next on the #twitterfiction showcase: follow @whnanny for more of white house, a sinister tale penned by @andrewpyper.
the #twitterfiction showcase now turns back to the story of @oneandonlylilyor is she @twoandonlylily now? follow both and find out.
a critique of the #twitterfiction festival in 40 tweets
the next installment of 140 character greek myths is next from @lucycoats. #twitterfiction
our #twitterfiction showcase returns to french now with #twitraturesonnets by @dubalai @meloditx @bituur_esztreym @josephparis @vnatrc
the #twitterfiction showcase returns now to "around the world in #80hrs" by @harpercollinsau.
up next on the #twitterfiction showcase: follow @whnanny (by @andrewtshaffer)
another fun #twitterfiction project anyone can get involved in: #twiction12
in ten minutes, @lucycoats brings the #twitterfiction showcase back to her greek myths in 140 characters. follow her to tune in!
francophones and francophiles, tune in now to @marcellasoen part of the #twitterfiction showcase.
coming up on the showcase at midnight est@harpercollinsau kicks off "around the world in #80hrs" #twitterfiction
tune in to #twitterfiction tomorrow for pt 2 of monster crush. next up, @fathombutterfly tells a memoir in tweets (helped by @joshgosfield)
and robin shall restore amends.
rsvp for our #twitterfiction festival live event this saturday in nyc!
the #twitterfiction festival begins! mt @lucycoats earth/sky divorce rocks heavens! sky dooms own kids to tartarus! ...
looking forward to the #twitterfiction festival? we'll be announcing what stories will be featured in the festival showcase next week.
best of luck to all you writers taking the #nanowrimo challenge this year. @katienotopoulos collected great openers
journalist @acarvin's new book distant witness will feature his @-handle on the cover. a first?
interview with @damienechols on how twitter fits into his life as a writer and his life after death row.
fun idea: @24hourbookclub, "a reading flashmob that you can join."
what's it like to be a spy? @penguinpress is going to let you ask one on twitter. today at 1:30p et, talk with henry a. #crumpton.
pleased to officially welcome @egangoonsquad (jennifer egan) to twitter, author of a visit from the goon squad.
rip maurice sendak. @lettersofnote has some beautiful bits of remembrance.
if you missed our great chat with author and philosopher @alaindebotton, here's a recap:
.@alaindebotton question 10: what do you think of the aggressive atheism weve seen in the last few years?
.@alaindebotton q6: do you have any religious-like rituals that you perform with your family? what are they?
.@alaindebotton q3: via @fredone some atheists i know are acutely alone & seem unable to find meaningful community where should they start?
starting our q and a with @alaindebotton in 30 mins. bring on your questions!
tweet us your question for @alaindebotton. he'll answer them tomorrow at 5:00 pm est. ask about religion, atheism, culture, society and more!
the wild and crazy tweets of @stevemartintogo:
@walledkhalid no, but how we wish she did.
well, @lvanderkam thanks for chatting! your first book was one of my faves of 2010 --& i loved all the money in the world more! #allthemoney
@lvanderkam: q9 aside from @gretchenrubin and @michaelgrabell, what other authors do you like to follow on twitter? #allthemoney
@lvanderkam: q6 from @jon_todd: "what's your opinion of a *good* investment in terms of #happiness and money?" #allthemoney
@lvanderkam q3: and what were some (or one!) of those big qs you saw people asking themselves about happiness & money? #allthemoney
let's get this live q & a started. are you ready, @lvanderkam, to talk about your new book: all the money in the world? #allthemoney
@susanorlean no way. but still... maybe hire a typist for your tweets?
this is awesome. joseph heller's writing chart for catch-22:
but wait, it gets better. not only are the #readpenguin readers on twitter, but the author joins as well. this month: @eleanorwrites.
are you a gossip girl fan? follow along as author @cesvonz and the @gossipgirl account live-tweet tonight's show!
if i asked one of your questions, (and you won a book) -- i'll be in touch via @reply in a few minutes! #moneysavingmom
@moneysavingmom, with all the reader qs done, i have one! are you really donating the proceeds from this book? tell us why! #moneysavingmom
@moneysavingmom q9 from @tiasavingcents: how do you stay motivated to save money? what keeps you going? #moneysavingmom
@moneysavingmom q7 from @mainecoupons: what part does your faith play in your money saving efforts? #moneysavingmom
@narrowpaths2hp just used your q but spelled your user handle wrong! eek! please follow for dm;)
@adventurznchild you've got to stop asking such great questions! lol
want to win a copy of @moneysavingmom 's new book? join our live chat and ask a question! top 10 qs win! #moneysavingmom
we're getting some great questions already! remember - the 10 qs i ask @moneysavingmom will win one of her books! #moneysavingmom
@lifewithlissy just follow us here @twitterbooks or @moneysavingmom with hashtag #moneysavingmom! no log in needed!
did @salmanrushdie really go silent on @twitter?
why authors tweet:
the five business books that shaped 2011:
why @margaretatwood says that twitter boosts literacy:
why @margaretatwood says that twitter boosts literacy:
why @margaretatwood says that twitter boosts literacy:
james wood describes how literature can act as an escape from lifes most complex questions:
two visions of mandela
rivka galchen discusses her short story, the late novels of gene hackman, in this week's issue:
.@tnyfrontrow on why lenny cooke is superior to many films on the academys best documentary nominee shortlist:
a guide to homeopathic dietary supplements that will soothe your feelings of nonspecific but constant rage
do police interrogation techniques produce false confessions? douglas starr examines the reid technique:
the masterstroke of the movie: llewyn is very good, but hes not great. anthony lane on the new coen brothers film:
by george, britains austerity experiment didnt work!
to sleep, perchance (very good chance) to wake
you cant have a really good work if its not touched by poetry. a 1983 interview with reinaldo arenas:
mandela and the politics of forgiveness
have tech companies done enough to improve womens representation?
video: @borowitzreport talks about foreign media outlets that mistook his fake news stories for reality
rt @nxthompson: #ff @newyorker contribs: @specterm @suzannekovenmd @jeffreytoobin @charlaynehg @etcurt @vauhinivara @carmenmmachado
.@tnyjohncassidy's six takeaways from the november jobs report:
new nypd commissioner bill bratton calls stop-and-frisk "one of the most fundamental practices in american policing"
cover story: nelson mandela, hero
nadine gordimer remembers her friend, nelson mandela:
from his days as an activist in apartheid-era south africa to his historic presidency, mandela's life in photographs:
"his spirit could not be in the custody of apartheid." nadine gordimer remembers her friend, nelson mandela:
.@jeffreytoobin reveals details from an interview w/ bill bratton, who has "emphatically endorsed" stop-and-frisk:
kenneth goldsmith on a "small but thriving subculture" that documents glitches in google books scanning process:
anthony lane reviews the new disney film, "frozen"
why are doctors reluctant to prescribe diet drugs?
rt @nyercurrency: the real reason public pensions exist:
who belongs to the lower middle class, and why does it matter?
richard brody examines the flaws of hannah arendt's eichmann in jerusalem:
.@borowitzreport: hubble telescope sends back annoying stream of selfies
pakistans next top general
.@jeffreytoobin considers whether the constitution is to blame for government dysfunction:
pakistans next top general
.@bengreenman on the wrecking crew, the session musicians who dominated 1960s pop:
.@mrkocnnll on an app that estimates how many days you have left to live:
rt @tnycloseread: speed and human error: from malbone street, 1918, to metro-north
photographer dominic bracco ii and writer jeremy relph's report on the contested election in honduras:
.@mkonnikova explores why our brains love lists:
what black friday looked like in one of the most economically depressed parts of the country:
the daily cartoon by paul noth:
a slide show of photographs from the first days of legal gay marriage across the country:
cartoon of the night by kaamran hafeez:
fiction podcast: jonathan safran foer reads amos oz
heckling russias j. edgar hoover
a look at photos documenting chiles 2013 presidential elections and the 40th anniversary of pinochets military coup
.@nathanheller remembers peter kaplan, "u.s. journalisms proudest, keenest tie back to the fading legacy of print."
cartoon of the night by kim warp:
a look at photos that aim to unearth the untold stories of sochi, russia:
ten years after the last supersonic flight by the concorde, a look at photos documenting the aircrafts final days:
weekend reading: charles manson, tim tebow, two lolitas, stormy weather
"when portions are this huge, i eat half now and the rest in a few minutes." cartoon of the night by william haefeli:
the daily cartoon by paul noth:
longreads for the long weekend: sarah stillman explores the use and abuse of today's civil-forfeiture laws
letter from the archive: bill buford on mario batali
.@newyorkervideo talks with m.i.a. about her new album, her inspirations, and why she wants to reinvent the hippie:
.@amyjmerrick explores the origins of black friday, and debunks the myths behindshoppings biggest day of the year:
teju cole remembers the photographer saul leiter:
why we're all so impatient for black friday:
are you hosting company this weekend? read david sedaris's piece on house guests:
political cartoon of the day:
why did a catholic high-schooler from long island turn to jihad?
rare bird
.@tnyjohncassidy on why liberalism will survive obamacare:
the daily cartoon by paul noth:
why the iran deal scares saudi arabia:
.@tnyshouts: meet president barry h. owens
political cartoon of the day:
rt @tnyphotobooth: sim chi yin brings us this troubling look at handan, one of the ten most polluted cities in china:
hilton als on @henrylouisgates's "magisterial" new documentary series that gives voice to slavery:
the bay psalm book, expected to sell today for up to $30 million, could become the worlds most expensive book:
rt @tnynewsdesk: @jeffreytoobin on the senate obstructionists secret weapon:
.@cncep on today's auction of the bay psalm book, the first english-language book printed in america:
americas first book
video: m.i.a. talks matangi
an interactive map of new york city restaurants reviewed in the magazine:
why have atlantic city casinos lost much of their pull?
a look at photos that aim to unearth the untold stories of sochi, russia, which will host the 2014 winter olympics:
@borowitzreport: irans supreme leader hopes nuke deal distracts attention from obamacare
an anniversary party for @bbcdoctorwho:
backblogged: our five favorite sentences of the week
vive la folie: paris photo 2013
an anniversary party for doctor who
backblogged: our five favorite sentences of the week
cartoon of the night by edward steed:
david denby reviews the hunger games: catching fire
the cartoonist joe sacco discusses his latest work, a twenty-four-foot-long panorama of the battle of the somme:
selfie explanatorie
why @tnyfrontrow considers orson welles to be the shakespeare of cinema
rt @tnynewsdesk: "the tragedy of karzai is that his survival strategy has been one that ultimately promotes weakness"
read david denby's take on the hunger games: catching fire
the daily cartoon by paul noth:
some good news on health care? @tnyjohncassidy looks at a "potentially historic slowdown" in spending growth:
a slide show of photos that capture j.f.k.'s brief presidency, and the days of sorrow that followed his death:
political cartoon of the day:
mt @newyorkervideo: the @sakyongmipham, of the global shambhala community, on bravery and courage. and running.
political scene: obamacare and the liberal agenda
.@tnyfrontrow on why ken scotts delivery man could have been ingenious:
what we're reading this week:
.@bengreenman on billie joe armstrong and norah jones's tribute to the everly brothers:
goodbye, lou!
.@iancrouch on an innovative new video for bob dylan's like a rolling stone
alexandra schwartz on doris lessing's unorthodox reaction to winning the 2007 nobel prize in literature:
.@andrewhuszar on playing basketball with tim geithner, and the revolving door between government and wall street:
rt @culturedesk: national book award winners will be announced tonight. read pieces by the finalists in our archive.
mt @emilynussbaum: my piece on whoopi goldberg's fabulous moms mabley doc and mike tyson's vengeful one-man show:
"the physical fight for syria will likely not be contained within syrias borders." @raniaab on two bombs in beirut:
cartoon of the night by bruce eric kaplan:
a look at michael benson's photos of how our galaxy appears to the naked eye:
look, ma, no hands! @newyorkervideo explores some moments from the history of the driverless vehicle:
and the word of the year is...
as american journalists are denied access, @eosnos asks: what will it take to cover china?
whats behind liz cheneys family fight?
cartoon of the night by corey pandolph:
ry cooder, live again
rt @tnyjohncassidy: american inequality in six charts
rt @newyorkervideo: how @brown_moses identified the weapons behind the ghouta attack
james surowiecki examines why g.d.p. isn't an accurate representation of the economys vitality in the digital age:
in memory of the nobel prize-winning author doris lessing, a look back at her 1997 short story, "the stare"
comedy is the bright door of the funhouse you emerge from, later, in tears. a conversation with jeffrey eugenides:
.@simonparkin explores the rise of video games among iraqi youth:
.@tnyshouts: "im comfortable with silence. let me know when youre ready to laugh." a therapist tries stand-up
laura secor stresses the importance of compromise when it comes to nuclear diplomacy with iran:
.@tnyjohncassidy on six reasons the affordable care act isnt hurricane katrina:
ben greenman listens to@susannahoffs and @iammatthewsweet cover the eighties, the decade that launched both to stardom
how did doctors, who pledge to do no harm, let the use of prescription narcotics get so out of hand?
six reasons the affordable care act isnt hurricane katrina
can e.coli bacteria cause depression? james rosenbaum investigates:
mea culpa
a look at @jonlowenstein's photos of the week leading up to chiles 2013 presidential elections:
.@tnyfrontrow on frederick wisemans film, at berkeley, an uninhibited love poem to the idea of the university
is ikea the new model for the conservative movement?
shopping at @hmusa with @ladygaga:
rt @culturedesk: nobody wants to hear about your friday-morning flight. especially not @iancrouch.
political cartoon of the day:
cartoon of the night by benjamin schwartz and marc philippe eskenazi:
why did snapchat turn down three billion dollars?
how racist is france? @a_stille on justice minister christiane taubira and the country's "ugly recrudescence of racism"
"football has a culture that is wary of weakness in many forms." nicholas dawidoff's year inside the @nfl:
.@mjschulman goes backstage with mark rylance and his wife, claire van kampen:
.@tnyfrontrow's dvd of the week: michelangelo antonionis 1970 film zabriskie point
in mark twain's autobiography, "the rambling flow that has always infused his work ... achieves its purest form."
may jeong looks at afghanistan's economy after the war boom:
rt @culturedesk: paul noth's daily cartoon reminds you not to google glass and drive.
video: a brief history of cheese powder
"the reader who disagrees clearly and well is the greatest treasure of all." the value of honesty in book criticism:
why amazon's kindle proposition looks, to many independent booksellers, "like a deal with the devil"
john heginbothams dark theatre of attachment
"no adult author writes for praise alone." @mariabustillos on the value of honest criticism in book reviews:
@jalenz e-mail diana kelley at dkelley@cds-global.com. she should be able to help!
.@jeffreytoobin on the stop-and-frisk case, which "is now in a procedural tangle"
the many battles of harry belafonte
photographs of the worlds brightest cities at night:
rt @praddenkeefe: legalizing pot is a good idea. but creating a legal market won't be easy. my new piece, "buzzkill"
can our microbiome affect the way we feel? how the organisms that live inside us may impact our brains and behavior:
.@nickschmidle on the ambitions of maulana fazlullah, the pakistani talibans new leader:
in this week's issue, ariel levy shares her experience of losing a baby:
cartoon of the night by barbara smaller:
anthony lane on "the broken circle breakdown," a film "cut and spliced with a rigor that fights the sentimental"
a look at italian photojournalist davide monteleone's photos examining chechen identity:
slide show: typhoon haiyans devastation
joan acocella on a new translation of boccaccio's decameron:
"the fatal flaw in his films is not social complacency but metaphysical smugness." anthony lane on richard curtis:
that was then, this is now: s.e. hinton in the twitter age
waiting for a deal in geneva
"you can both love science and question it." @garymarcus on science and its skeptics:
we are all plagiarists
planning a weekend in new york city? follow @goingson for ideas on what to do.
cartoon of the night by paul noth:
rachel arons on @masterchefjrfox, a show worth watching just to see @gordonramsay "soften like a pat of butter"
michelle dean on the real virginia johnson and what @sho_masters overlooks:
rt @nxthompson: #ff @newyorker contribs this week: @thepattismith @abschaffer @sam_sacks @paulnoth @kgreene @vijithassar @nyerfiction
political cartoon of the day:
rt @tnycloseread: how strong a pope is francis?
a look at a homemade sailing barge that serves as a floating farmers' market:
read the latest installment of henri cole's paris diary:
.@kgreene explores the mystery of moon dust:
will bill de blasio kill the @yankees-@redsox rivalry?
are people or machines better at brewing coffee?
vince aletti on alexander liberman, who defined and refined contemporary magazine culture:
rt @nyercurrency: a web site called benevolent lets people give cash grants to the poor. will it work?
.@tnyjohncassidy on @deblasionyc's victory party and how the citys political geography has shifted toward brooklyn:
rt @adam___green: in the footsteps of alan ginsberg with boy poet dan radcliffe (behind paywall, i'm afraid).
.@tnyfrontrow on "blue is the warmest color" and the challenge of dramatizing sex onscreen:
burying general giap: william naythons on the vietnamese hero and founding father
.@tnyshouts: john kenney imagines a conversation between jpmorgan ceo jamie dimon and attorney general eric holder:
is the #obamacare rollout a manageable disaster?
do our bones influence our minds?
joan acocella on a new translation of boccaccios decameron:
.@jenna_krajeski on a project that will connect the european and asian sides of istanbul by train for the first time:
rt @emilynussbaum: my column raving with mad love for always sunny and mixed-to-poz on mindy:
.@tnyfrontrow on the problem with sex scenes that are too good:
rt @elements: why the climate corporation sold itself to monsanto, by @specterm
can mary jo white control wall street? nicholas lemann profiles the s.e.c. chair:
a look at photos from the new york city marathon:
off to the race: the new york city marathon
fifty years after jfk's assassination, a look at photos captured by people who bore witness to it from the sidelines
.@tnyshouts: "man, caucasian, bluetooth earpiece, raving loudly and incoherently...i profile him as 'cable-news host.'
"cartoonists are not known for physical prowess." a selection of marathon-inspired cartoons:
fifty years after jfk's assassination, a look at photos captured by people who bore witness to it from the sidelines
andrew boynton on brian brooks's use of scenic design in "run don't run" at @bam_brooklyn's next wave festival:
.@tnyfrontrow's dvd of the week: joseph loseys 1966 movie, modesty blaise
noted: diana vreeland, alfre woodard, and nico muhly
the loneliness of the long-distance cartoonist
this week in #fiction: thomas mcguane discusses his short story, "weight watchers"
.@newley on images that have sparked a heated debate about racism in thailand:
letter from the archive: read h. g. wells's short story, answer to prayer, published in the magazine in 1937:
gettin down with double down
hannah goldfield writes about sriracha and a lawsuit against huy fong, the maker of the beloved hot sauce:
emily greenhouse on syrian president bashar al-assad's instagram feed, and dictators in the age of social media:
"people cheat all the time. but why, exactly, do they decide to do it in the first place?" the psychology of cheating
obamas game of telephone
.@mkonnikova explores the psychology of cheating:
.@mjschulman watches stephen sondheim watch the new musical, "fun home":
rt @sportingscene: "about those beardsi give up." roger angell wraps up the world series:
mt @tnyfrontrow: norman mailer, filmmakerand philosopher of cinema:
.@borowitzreport: gop unveils own health-care web site,
rt @ryanlizza: obamacare's three percent
cartoon of the night by robert leighton:
obamacares three per cent
in celebration of our food issue, heres a look at contemporary food-inspired photographs:
.@sfj on @trianglerecords and defining a musical genre without a name:
rt @borowitzreport: sebelius admits she has never actually gotten on obamacare website
.@raniaab on a wedding in the za'atari refugee camp:
cartoon of the night by david sipress:
david denby on how @mcconaughey has become "one of the most inventive actors in movies"
"in syria, a dresss rental price would drop every time it was worn, but not here." @raniaab on weddings in za'atari:
a look at anthony lane's foreword to the big new yorker book of cats
out loud: @laurenzcollins and @danagoodyear discuss food taboos, and how gender roles shape eating habits
in this week's issue, @laurenzcollins writes about the search for the world's hottest chili peppers:
the big new yorker book of cats
.@lenadunham on being raised on delivery and the comfort of a "meal simply arriving, already smelling like itself."
at the olympics, a rainbow on every coke can? @socarides on the games' sponsors and russias new anti-gay law:
rt @bjnovak: an excerpt from my book, one more thing, is in this week's issue of the new yorker:
james surowiecki looks at the new crowdfunding site @upstart and its core principle of a human-capital contract:
a snapshot of lou reed's life in photos:
what would happen if we created a space where dreams were organized? alec wilkinson on a project to archive dreams:
anthony lane on the controversial new film "blue is the warmest color": "well, heres an idea: sit down and watch."
lou reed, the iconic rock star, died today at the age of 71. read his 1996 piece on life on the road, now unlocked:
read david sedaris's powerful piece about his youngest sister's suicide:
the new meaning of manhattanization: turning a city into a playground for the wealthiest inhabitants:
cartoon of the night by p. c. vey:
why electric vehicles have stalled:
photos from tales from the city of gold, @mrjasonlarkins book about the abandoned mines of johannesburg:
a wes anderson book
mt @culturedesk: baseball used to be considered a degenerate sport. how did it evolve into the thinking man's game?
listening booth: nick lowe's latest album, "quality street"
amy davidson on angela merkel and the indiscreet #nsa:
a look at michael redpath's photos of ground zero that were battered by hurricane sandy:
new york city's last movie-photo shop is closing its doors:
"the moment you shed your identity the usual constraints on your behavior go, too." the psychology of online comments
podcast: @ryanlizza, @tnyjohncassidy, and @tnycloseread discuss #obamacare and the political battles on the horizon
is artificial intelligence a threat to humanity? an argument for why we should be at least a little worried:
at the studio with @shantell_martin, an artist known for her stream-of-consciousness drawings:
rt @pageturner: today the great norman rush turns 80. here's a piece on his latest novel:
a sketchbook profile of a bed-stuy gardener:
.@eosnos explains why china's communist party is losing the confidence of some of its most successful residents
the most slandered treatment in medicine
manchester, so much to answer for
the daily cartoon by emily flake:
.@dtmax and @nathanheller discuss why the cultural center of gravity may have shifted west to san francisco:
political cartoon of the day:
jpmorgan's fellow-sufferers: charting past corporate settlements
.@tnyfrontrow's dvd of the week: michael roemers 1964 film nothing but a man
betsy morais on a science fair introducing @madmuseum's new exhibition, out of hand: materializing the postdigital
.@tnyshouts: "five rapid blinks: i have something in my eye." a key to a hostage's secret coded message:
how a texas philanthropist changed the campaign to capture kony, and rescue the women and children he abducted:
obama on the health-care line
they all talked about missing out on lives, on futures that now seem lost. portraits of displaced syrian youth:
should films try to depict slavery? @tnyfrontrow on steve mcqueen's 12 years a slave
the launch of
rt @culturedesk: john williams's "stoner" is the anti-"gatsby" and the greatest american novel you've never heard of
david sedaris writes about his youngest sisters suicide and reflects on time he spent with his family at the beach:
political cartoon of the day:
cartoon of the night by kaamran hafeez:
after twitter and square, what is @jack's next move? @dtmax profiles jack dorsey:
video: ashley gilbertson and ed kashi profile an oklahoma community after the regions worst drought in fifty years
.@jonleeanderson compares the real tower of david to @sho_homelands fictional representation:
george packer on how, despite its defeat over the shutdown, the g.o.p. is winning when it comes to economic policy:
they all talked about missing out on lives, on futures that now seem lost. portraits of displaced syrian youth:
.@jonleeanderson writes about how the crime novelist leonardo padura navigates cubas shifting reality (sub req)
hilton als writes about the musical adaptation of @alisonbechdels exceptional graphic memoir, "fun home"
where the g.o.p.s survival caucus lives
the real tower of david
in our making money series, a look at how one company turns downed trees from hurricane sandy into high-end furniture
.@joshuahersh on the dilemma of syria's alawites:
this weekend, take a look at some classic, humorous jack handey tales from our archives:
beyond fingerprints: how future gesture-based systems may combine biometrics with the disposability of a password
"theres not a dimes worth of ideological difference between the two sides." @jeffshesol on the gop's phantom schism
mt @nxthompson: #ff @newyorker this week: @jonathanshainin @dphiffer @cncep @garethideas @dtmax @rachelarons @jackhitt @skydylanrobbins
the enduring legacy of space invader, and why its creator can't make it past the first level:
the best chef in brazil, @alexatala, visits queens:
.@tnyjohncassidy: obama to g.o.p.: do you want another beating?
"my moneyand, more important, wall streets and silicon valleysis on booker 14." @rickhertzberg on @corybooker:
david denby on robert redford's role in the "sombrely spectacular" new film, "all is lost" 
growing up with alice
obamas stubborn victory
.@sfj speaks with michael gira about the staying power of the rock group swans:
a defense of dana brody on @sho_homeland:
.@tnyjohncassidy's ten takeaways from the great g.o.p. cave-in:
political cartoon of the day:
will the supreme court help shut down d.c.?
cartoon of the night by william haefeli:
vijith assar on a new start-up that uses smartphones to track the prices of goods around the world:
.@tnyshouts: excerpts from the collected letters of julian assange:
boehner in dreamland: amy davidson on the default negotiations and why "this is the day everybody has to wake up"
political cartoon of the day:
rt @pageturner: crowdsourcing tolstoy, just as he would have wanted it:
.@tnyfrontrow's dvd of the week: alan rudolphs wryly stylized 1988 film, the moderns
china watches the #shutdown:
"oh for pity's sake, murrayyou've got a #banksy on you." a daily cartoon by emily flake:
james surowiecki looks at why c.e.o. salaries continue to rise despite increased transparency:
.@rickhertzberg examines the presidents responsibility to prevent the looming government default:
frances quest to save the independent bookstore in the age of amazon:
.@asarahlarson on jem cohen's new film, we have an anchor, and the intersection of music and film:
.@mileycyrus, @lordemusic, and the hot 100: how to top the charts in the internet era
backblogged: our five favorite sentences of the week
cartoon of the night by mick stevens:
anthony lane reviews peter landesman's "bland and impersonal" new film, "parkland":
a secret library, digitally excavated:
ted cruz and the politics of hari-kari
nothing to say
akash kapur on the cost of growth in india:
letter from the archive: a look at mavis gallant's 1956 short story, "in italy"
adam gopnik on the unchanged ideology of the extreme american right over the past fifty years:
read anthony lane's take on "captain phillips":
alice munro, our chekhov
video: marina abramovi sat down with us in her manhattan home to discuss consciousness and the art of being present:
photographer andrea bruce explores how afghan-americans define themselves and how they bridge the two cultures:
.@tnyjohncassidy on why the g.o.p. debt-ceiling offer is a travesty:
.@tnyjohncassidy: just how dovish is janet yellen?
read nobel laureate alice munro's piece revisiting her childhood in wingham, ontario:
a new private club in san francisco, and an old diversity challenge
a look at photos by emerging photographer kazi riasat alve:
naming baby hope: amy davidson on the twenty-year case that may now be nearing a solution
alexandra schwartz writes about france's efforts to keep bookselling local in the age of amazon:
.@tnyjohncassidy on janet yellen's victory and why she will be a historic leader for the fed:
political cartoon of the day:
cartoon of the night by p. c. vey:
video: chefs discuss how they collaborate in the kitchen while serving over 75 people at @robertaspizza:
michael lemonick on a nobel prize for a final puzzle piece: the higgs boson
magda biernat and ian webster continue their journey from antarctica to alaska. a look at the photos:
rt @newyorkervideo: and here's the full version of jill abramson and ken auletta at the @newyorkerfest:
political cartoon of the day:
how lavabit melted down
.@nickschmidle on seal team six and washington's implausible reality:
.@tnyfrontrow's dvd of the week: allan dwan's 1939 western frontier marshal
a look at this week's cover, "new money," by bruce mccall:
james surowiecki explains why #obamacare will benefit small businesses, entrepreneurship, and the economy as a whole:
when we'll know if the libya raid succeeded:
rt @emilynussbaum: my column on masters of sex, which is a ton of fun, particularly the terrific lizzy kaplan:
mt @alexrossmusic: after a 70-year run, nyc opera is indeed shutting down. my review of their final production:
why is no one on the first treatment to prevent h.i.v.?
mt @pageturner: "no matter what you think, your work is implicated in politics." kirill medvedev's provocations
could the silk road closure be good for bitcoin?
notes from the book closet on new titles to watch out for this month:
could the silk road closure be good for bitcoin?
david denby on alfonso cuarns new film "gravity," a "wild ride that may not be equalled for a long time"
what "schoolhouse rock" didn't teach us about obamacare and the shutdown:
well always have reverse-caption contests
richard brody on the great, paradoxical influence of john cassavetes:
amanda schaffer on what enrico gnaulati's new book about psychology and diagnosis gets wrong:
.@tnyshouts: if i were built, i wouldn't need as much sleep:
.@tnyfrontrow on the great, paradoxical influence of john cassavetes:
will advertising mark the end of instagram's sincerity?
political scene: @ryanlizza, @eosnos and james surowiecki assess the government shutdown in this week's podcast
"a hack can be more dangerous than a revolutionary." george packer on john boehner:
the daily cartoon by emily flake:
rt @tnycloseread: harry reid, the nih, and the gop's emergency-room politics:
lost in the denialosphere: climate change and obamacare
cartoon of the night by tom toro:
russell platt on classical music's hell week, the most significant crisis to affect the industry since 2008:
books to watch out for in october:
rt @eosnos: washington welcomes you. from beijing to dc.
nick paumgarten on ueli steck's return to nepal for the first time since an altercation on mt. everest:
welcome to the united states: the shutdown edition
as the affordable care act takes effect, celine gounder makes a case for changing how doctors work:
rt @dmendelsohn1960: my @pageturner essay on #cavafy, "waiting for the barbarians," and the government shutdown:
rt @borowitzreport: millions flee obamacare
my visit with balthus
after the shutdown: the debt ceiling
last week, @chiyin_sim took over our instagram feed from beijing. click through for a slide show of her photos:
rt @pageturner: karen russell on winning the macarthur and her "twilight zone sojourns"
.@tnyshouts: "you went out the way you livedwithout compromise, and with a lot of death." a eulogy for #breakingbad:
ken auletta on the @guardian's strategies for staying relevant and financially viable in an overwhelmingly digital age:
.@atul_gawande on the various forms of obstructionism facing the implementation of the affordable care act:
terrorists keep targeting a mogadishu chefs restaurants, but he wont shut down. @xanrice on ahmed jama (sub req):
hilton als on david leveaux's "romeo and juliet," what is "ultimately an essay about other productions"
this week in #fiction: joshua ferris on his short story, "the breeze," in this week's issue:
the perfect nazi bride
cartoon of the night by jason patterson:
"it makes the experience frustrating and almost juvenile." why apple's ios 7 gets music playing wrong:
this weekend, watch @tnyfrontrow's dvd of the week, @spikelee's "red hook summer"
free mojo: a football fable
planning a trip to new york city? follow @goingson for ideas on what to do.
.@jamesverini on a group of kenyans who survived westgate:
mt @pageturner: what do you do when you discover you have the mutation for a rare disease that will kill you?
amy davidson asks: is hillary clinton our only chance for a woman president?
.@tnyshouts: dear lord, hes transcribing everything im saying, and other previously unpublished mark twain quotes
political cartoon of the day:
cartoon of the night by robert mankoff:
mt @mkonnikova: how music makes us feel better. my new piece on the connections between music, mind, and body:
rt @tnyjohncassidy: when the nsa spied on art buchwald.
lee siegel has earned a living writing negative book reviews. now, he intends never to write a negative review again:
political cartoon of the day:
.@jonleeanderson on terror beyond the westgate mall attack in kenya:
rt @emilynussbaum: here's this week's column, about the awesome key and peele:
.@bengreenman on why apple's ios 7 gets music playing wrong:
louis menand reads eric schlosser's "command and control"
ariel levy writes about how edith windsor fell in love, got married, and won a landmark case for gay marriage (sub req)
sally mcgrane remembers marcel reich-ranicki, germanys most important contemporary literary critic
a look at seven great "key and peele" sketches:
.@borowitzreport: republicans warn iranian president against shaking obamas hand
has america abandoned an afghan interpreter? george packer on mohammad janis shinwari:
j. m. ledgard on the implications of the ongoing siege at nairobi's westgate mall:
richard brody's dvd of the week: @spikelee's "red hook summer"
sarah larson on @hbo's immortal "mr. show":
we also added a new event, "obama and the world," with dexter filkins, @slaughteram, ammar abdulhamid, and steve coll:
.@tnyjohncassidy: a simple guide to the budget crisis
robert mankoff on a cartoon controversy:
youngest kid, smartest kid? @mkonnikova on why it pays to be the youngest kid in class:
how the architect of washingtons forthcoming african-american museum developeda new style (sub req):
backblogged: our five favorite sentences of the week
in this week's comment, george packer writes about the complexities of a diplomatic response to the syrian conflict:
alec wilkinson on @christhile's bach recording:
ethan kuperberg imagines an s.a.t. test for adults (sub req):
.@widdikombe on the man behind @bustle, the controversial new women's site:
weekend reading: deadly jellies, children in limbo
long story long
combatting twitter hate with twitter hate
sam sweet on los santos, grand theft auto v's l.a. fantasy:
a look at french photographer martine fougeron's teen tribe, a project that explores the landscape of adolescence:
.@vauhinivara explains what killed blackberry:
rt @tnyjohncassidy: will anyone hold jamie dimon accountable for the london whale scandal? apparently, not.
why indias economy is still in trouble
why it pays to be the youngest kid in the class:
the pope francis interview: a new balance for the church
twelve reasons to check out the ny art book fair at @momaps1:
this week in #fiction: tessa hadley discusses her short story, "bad dreams," in this week's issue
can the fisc fix the n.s.a.?
cartoon of the night by robert mankoff:
is the fed too open? from kremlinology to wednesdays with ben
.@tnyshouts: "'princess' is an 18-month-old iphone 4 whose owner deserted her at a dive bar." adopt a technology:
after the navy yard shooting, adam gopnik on the "known, obvious and inarguable" truth about gun control:
#greece, austerity, and the finance minister fighting for his country:
.@hemphilllaura on why women should skip business school:
.@tnyfrontrow's dvd of the week: jean rouch and edgar morin's 1960 documentary "chronicle of a summer"
rt @tnyjohncassidy: four lost decades--or why american politics is so messed up.
.@tnyshouts: "girls u-8 separates the big girls from the little girls." a soccer halftime speech:
political cartoon of the day:
the daily cartoon by david sipress:
nasas asteroid-in-a-bag recipe
amy davidson: questions about the d.c. navy yard shooting
amy davidson on #syria and the obama style:
video: creative director wyatt mitchell on some changes you'll see in this week's issue:
what if "the truman show" were your life? that's the delusion one psychiatrist observed in patients:
this week in fiction: tessa hadley
this week in fiction: tessa hadley
what can the dow jones industrial average tell us about how we've changed as consumers over the past century?
can't wait for tonight's episode of @breakingbad_amc? read tad friend's profile of bryan cranston (sub req):
backblogged: our five favorite sentences of the week
a mini-lexicon of terms invented or redefined by norman rushs fictional couples:
anthony lane reviews "wadjda," the first full-length feature by a saudi woman:
weekend reading: marilynne robinson, the history of bagels and lox
how a relationship dies on facebook
paul rudnick imagines vladimir putin's rules for cultural projects in russia:
cartoon of the night by zachary kanin:
the people of clouds
good news on syria: bombs arent dropping and the neocons are mad at obama again
rt @sashagila: my fashion week diary
masha lipman on the russian reaction to putin's op-ed:
political cartoon of the day:
newley purnell on the red bull heir and inequality in thailand:
out loud: @tadfriend and @emilynussbaum discuss what makes "breaking bad" so satisfying
jon krakauer explains the new science behind how chris mccandless, the protagonist of "into the wild," really died:
bill de blasio, friend of real-estate developers?
could obamas syria diplomacy lead to war?
cartoon of the night by david sipress:
andrew marantz on the "truman show" delusion, which is plaguing rising numbers of patients with psychosis  (sub req):
the daily cartoon by emily flake:
a look at some of our best pieces on the september 11th attacks and their aftermath:
remembering 9/11: a look at covers from the magazine over the years:
are modern-day computers hindering creativity? tim wu on the problem with today's multitasking machines:
cartoon of the night by mick stevens:
9/11 new yorker covers
.@tnyshouts: paul rudnick imagines vladimir putin's rules for upcoming cultural projects in russia:
in light of today's @usnews college rankings, read malcolm gladwell's piece on what school rankings really tell us:
mexicos new drug war: catch and release?
inside the truman show delusion
photographer ruth mcdowall has been documenting the rise of the arms industry in nigeria's middle belt:
miraculous conception: are planets forming without stars?
rt @rickhertzberg: hey, hollywood, why'd you leave jimmy carter out of "the butler"?
rachel syme on why web tv series are worth watching:
tad friend profiles @bryancranston, who created a landmark role as walter white on @breakingbad_amc:
political cartoon of the day:
craigslist missed connections from the #nsa:
david denby reviews joe swanberg's "drinking buddies," "a portrait of life in the middle"
the accidental victims of morsis fall
the venice film festival
backblogged: our five favorite sentences of the week
cartoon of the night by harry bliss:
did football-related brain trauma play a role in jack kerouac's decline?
rt @gladwell: why we need better arguments against doping. from this week's new yorker:
david denby reviews wong kar-wai's "the grandmaster," a "dreamily beautiful piece of historical mythmaking"
david remnick's #longread pick for the weekend:
are there any good options for #syria? @pgourevitch and @tnyjohncassidy discuss how we got to the brink of intervention
a homegrown apple in china?
rt @borowitzreport: g20 ends abruptly as obama calls putin a jackass
.@jonleeanderson on putin and the #syria conspiracy-theory problem:
political cartoon of the day:
this week in #fiction: dorthe nors discusses her short story, "the heron," in this week's issue
.@tnyjohncassidy: has christine quinn missed new yorks liberal moment?
who was j. d. salinger? adam gopnik on the new book and documentary:
why is france, rather than britain, eager to go into #syria?
why obama should remember president eisenhower's vietnam doubts:
.@tnyfrontrow's dvd of the week: rainer werner fassbinders beware of a holy whore
you are what you tweet: @tonytula on personal branding
john clarke on the twelve tribes' recruitment efforts at bob dylan concerts:
where do claire danes's volcanic performances come from? john lahr profiles the actress:
what does the "made in" label mean anymore?
.@tnyfrontrow on a new book of discussions with orson welles, one of the two greatest characters in cinema's history:
sam sweet on the end for one of law enforcements most iconic vehicles:
rt @laurenzcollins: where in the world is grard depardieu? barbecuing, bien sur.
what does the "made in" label mean anymore?
.@tnyshouts: a tennis announcer feels bad for roger federer
sanity on pot and stop-and-frisk
out loud: the case for doping
a look at online showrooms of vintage signage sourced from real-world objects:
david denby reviews the grandmaster, drinking buddies, and our nixon (sub req):
.@tnyshouts: if i were built, i'd quit my job
steve coll explains why the u.s. must take action to uphold the international laws of armed conflict in syria:
this week in #fiction: robert coover discusses his short story, "the colonel's daughter"
a slide show of fernando moleres's photos of an egyptian orchestra of blind women:
anthony lane reviews "austenland," which "goes down not just as a missed opportunity but as an insult." (sub req)
heres a look at readers' favorite cartoons from our archives:
going to congress: amy davidson on obamas best #syria decision
a look at independent films to watch this labor day weekend:
james wood reviews caleb crains first novel, necessary errors
has obama forgotten general dempseys warnings?
george packer debates both sides of the argument over whether or not the u.s. should intervene in #syria:
cartoon of the night by robert mankoff:
rt @pageturner: henri cole on seamus heaney, a poet of in-between
the daily cartoon by emily flake:
.@raniaab on lebanon's syrian war:
the cameron trap: obamas lesson from the british vote
chelsea mannings prison
cartoon of the night by zachary kanin:
why the current corporate-social-responsibility craze might not last long:
"batmen: the runners-up." a daily cartoon by emily flake:
click-through for a slide show of julia margaret cameron's photos, currently on view at the @metmuseum:
political cartoon of the day:
september preview: a look at elad lassry's photographs, which will be on display in the artist's first exhibition
ben rawlence on a bittersweet film festival in the worlds largest refugee camp:
the daily cartoon by emily flake:
.@raminsetoodeh on the chippendales' return to manhattan:
why blacks are still poor, fifty years after the march:
the morning of the march
jiayang fan on censorship, sex, and the bo xilai trial:
read robert coover's short story, "the colonel's daughter," in this week's issue:
explore our multimedia portfolio about the leaders of the civil-rights movement:
"i was much happier when i thought twerking was some new drug #miley cyrus was into." a daily cartoon by emily flake:
just before the @nationalzoo's panda birth, david owen looked at efforts to facilitate captive breeding (sub req):
a weak signal at wbai
in this week's issue, @samanth_s talks to arvind kejriwal, indias most vocal crusader against corruption (sub req):
where was that shirt made? do you care?
rt @tnyshouts: "so youve got all the trains, the park is steps away, and i should mention theres a giant rat ghost."
avery johnson on the american day-camp boom:
political cartoon of the day:
lisa rosenbaum on why reducing doctors hours may not translate into better medical care: 
david denby on the trouble with lovelace
in this week's issue, @meghanor writes about living with an autoimmune disease (sub req):
fifty years later, reassessing the march on washington
in this week's comment, steve coll urges the obama administration to rethink its legal practices regarding the press:
read yu huas short story, victory, in this weeks issue:
.@mikebloomberg talks to ken auletta about his contempt for obama and what he thinks of the mayoral candidates:
the peoples choices, part 2
david remnick travels to the zaatari refugee camp, where over 120,000 syrians have fled the war (sub req):
a selection of images from emerging photographer ryan page:
#snowden and the journalists: whose papers are safe?
a lack of vision
the daily cartoon by emily flake:
.@nxthompson on why steve ballmer failed:
are left-handed people smarter? maria konnikova on the cognitive benefits of left-handedness:
are left-handed people smarter? @mkonnikova on the cognitive benefits of left-handedness:
political scene: bloombergs years as mayor
.@tnyfrontrow on "drinking buddies," a film that projects daily micro-crises with "a big-time hollywood grandeur"
"he was one of the best writers, and he happened to write about crime." anthony lane remembers elmore leonard:
"in cognitively demanding fields, there are no naturals." @gladwell defends the 10,000-hour rule:
crickets for lunch
robyn creswell on novelist sonallah ibrahim, the oracle of #egypt's uprising:
a look at more powerful photos from @moises_saman in #cairo:
amy davidson on bradley #manning's "strikingly harsh" sentence:
is #egypt in the middle of its own "dirty war"? @jonleeanderson considers:
cartoon of the night by edward steed:
a video of life according to @earlxsweat:
rt @tnyjohncassidy: snowden's legacy: a public debate about online privacy, and the lack of it.
rt @borowitzreport: breaking: scandal forces chris christie out of presidential race
.@jeffreytoobin looks at the real costs behind edward snowdens disclosures:
why is lobster suddenly so cheap? james surowiecki explores the surprising complexity of lobster prices:
ken auletta on the cbs-time warner cable meltdown and the challenges tv faces:
what does @mikebloomberg think about the current mayoral candidates? find out in this week's profile by ken auletta:
the daily cartoon by emily flake:
david denby on lee daniels's "the butler," "an intricate gimmick movie with a heart"
rt @tnyjohncassidy: "obama and egypt: the limits of pragmatism." is he being craven, smart, or both?
david remnick on speaking the truth about the egyptian coup:
a look at @erinbrethauer's photos from camp lakey gap, a summer camp for children and adults with autism:
a look at some of our most iconic profiles of businesspeople from the past 80 years:
how to get hired in china: the jpmorgan case
in this weeks comment, david remnick writes about the u.s. response to the events in #egypt:
"become friends with cher," and other suggestions for prince on his twitter debut:
.@tnyshouts: wizard or hipster? take john flowers's test:
.@alicegregory on @choire, who "spent the past decade developing what has become the lingua franca of the internet"
headed to the movies this weekend? read anthony lanes take on elysium
"can an alligator run the hundred-metre hurdles?" and other questions that computers still don't understand:
emily greenhouse on the rise of anti-gay cyberbullying in russia:
letter from lagos: @tejucole on wole soyinka's theatre of politics
rt @vauhinivara: my latest, on why the california comeback story is a myth:
emily greenhouse on the rise of anti-gay cyberbullying in #russia:
is elon musk's hyperloop a pipe dream? @tadfriend on a new scheme for human travel:
political cartoon of the day:
cartoon of the night by david sipress:
hilton als on channelling @barbrastreisand in jonathan tolins's "buyer and cellar"
"the arc of history is long, but it shouldnt bend toward a mosque full of bodies." amy davidson on egypt's aftermath
sally mcgrane on the young volunteers of alexey navalny's mayoral campaign in #moscow:
jonathan guyer on #egypt's political cartoons as a form of resistance:
joshua hersh witnesses clashes in rabaa, an area in #cairo that resembled a "war zone"
can the #nsa be reformed? @rickhertzberg and @tnyjohncassidy discuss obamas proposals:
michael lemonick on hunting down the first americans:
hilton als on @publictheaterny's brilliantly adapted "love's labour's lost"
powerful images from a violent, momentous day in #cairo:
richard brody catches a glimpse of jerry lewis's unseen holocaust movie, "the day the clown cried"
puffed: the magic of cereal
mt @tnyjohncassidy: when are police "stop and frisks" justified? the statistical debate behind the verdict.
why are there still delays in the release of the redesigned hundred-dollar bill? @davidwolman explains:
george packer on @billdeblasio's chances in a mayoral race encompassing nyc's two unequal cities:
cartoon of the night by barbara smaller:
jiayang fan on what an afghan murder mystery reveals about chinese censorship:
rt @tnyjohncassidy: federal judge stops and frisks nyc mayoral candidates--mayor bloomberg too.
rt @emilynussbaum: my blog-writeup of the first of the final eight episodes of breaking bad (sob):
political cartoon of the day:
cash on the pinhead
selections from my "breaking bad" fan fiction, by @billbarol:
weekend reading: rape in a mennonite community; lions social lives
we are just happy to be considered, even if it is for our underbelly. @rachsyme on breaking bad and albuquerque:
backblogged: our five favorite sentences of the week
tad friend talks to @lakebell about hollywood voices (sub req):
mt @emilynussbaum: my column on broadchurch and the bridge (behind a paywall, but the gist is: broadchurch is terrific)
emiliano granado photographed @shteyngart wearing google glass around new york. a look at the photos:
a look at photos from the watergate era:
the #nsa's dirty dishes: amy davidson on obamas press conference
the daily cartoon by mike twohy:
a-rod or tiger: who is your favorite sporting villain?
rt @nxthompson: #ff recent additions: @nate_lavey @vauhinivara @kylerush @dfroms @skydylanrobbins @lisarosenbaum17 @mattbuchanan
elif batuman travels to the balkans with her father to investigate a medical mystery (sub req):
cartoon of the night by william haefeli:
the #nsa and its targets: amy davidson on lavabit's shutdown
the daily cartoon by mike twohy:
elif batuman travels to the balkans with her father to investigate a medical mystery (sub req):
amy davidson: how erick erickson played the "abortion barbie" game in his attack on wendy davis:
two years after the fall of tripoli, #libya is increasingly out of control. @jonleeanderson asks: can libya be saved?
avi steinberg on baseball scribes in the time of steroids:
amy davidson on erick ericksons abortion barbie game:
rt @tnyjohncassidy: another question about the wapo sale: what does jeff bezos know that warren buffett didn't?
two years after the fall of tripoli, libya is increasingly out of control. @jonleeanderson asks: can libya be saved?
.@rickhertzberg on the young don graham:
.@rebeccamead_nyc on objections to a jane austen banknote, and what the beloved author can still teach us:
shouts and murmurs: selections from my @breakingbad_amc fan fiction
.@sherman_alexie and jess walter discuss mullets, magical realism, and "the lone ranger and tonto fistfight in heaven"
why do so many jobs pay so little? james surowiecki on why a higher minimum wage is only part of the solution:
jeffrey frank on the grahams and the post, the power that was:
david remnick on donald graham's choice to sell the washington post to jeff bezos:
read "meet the president!" by zadie smith, in this week's issue:
.@tnyjohncassidy on wall street after "fabulous fab"
.@jonmichaud on an oral history of heavy metal and his life as a black sabbath fan:
today, tasters tried the world's first lab-grown burger. read @specterm's piece on test-tube meats, now unlocked:
a look at this week's cover, "reading time" by anthony russo:
"hi, i'm gary shteyngart, and i'm scared of the future."@shteyngart shares his google glass experience
.@aletrails brief history of sour beer:
.@jeffreytoobin goes on the road with cecile richards in her battle for abortion rights (sub req):
@larissamacfarqu on concealed firearm-friendly handbags (sub req):
out loud: the strange fictions of shirley jackson, whose previously unpublished story is in this week's issue:
.@kitchenbee writes about the pleasures of reading recipes as works of fiction:
another new york: photos that depict the city in surprising and unusual ways
its hard to care about teen-age characters in hollywood movies. david denby on 3 new films of the young and restless
matt buchanan on @motorola's impressive moto x in an age when phones are largely unexciting:
.@raniaab on a city family's life in wartime syria:
amy davidson on rand paul and the g.o.p.'s ball of cheerful hate:
books to watch out for in august:
adam gopnik on fox news's don't-come-to-jesus moment with @rezaaslan, and the book that sparked the controversy:
.@jelani9 explains why ariel castros thousand-year sentence still won't provide closure:
a terrible time to be gay in russia
.@tnyfrontrow on the negative effects of "the godfather" and who was really changing hollywood at the time:
political scene podcast: ariel levy and @ryanlizza discuss the senate, the military, and the culture of rape
in defense of leakers: @tnyjohncassidy on snowden and manning
a terrible time to be gay in russia:
michael a. santoro on the "fabulous fab" case and why the s.e.c. "will have no one to blame but itself."
npr's scott simon tweeted his mother's last days to 1.2 million followers. is social media changing the way we mourn?
.@mindykaling imagines the perfect kissing device:
why havent the s.e.c.s lawyers held wall street accountable?
presenting xkeyscore: what the n.s.a. is still hiding
a month of @citibikenyc: an interactive look at how the program has fared since its launch
obamas corporate-tax-cut proposal is cleverbut is it wise? @tnyjohncassidy weighs in:
.@iancrouch imagines a new anthony #weiner campaign memo:
amy davidson on the manning convictions and victory: the acquittal was "a small push back" against the obama admin:
how egypt will shake the world
rt @colbertreport: tonight: surgeon and writer @atul_gawande discusses his @newyorker article "slow ideas." @comedycentral, 11:30/10:30c.
the end of saks as we knew it
in memory of bernadette lafont, @tnyfrontrow revisits jean eustache's "the mother and the whore"
jeffrey toobin goes on the road with @cecilerichards in her fight for abortion rights in texas (sub req):
waiting for the manning verdict
can i24 news change how the world sees israel? @ruthmargalit on the israeli answer to al jazeera:
cartoon of the night by joe dator:
rt @sfj: we all disappoint each other constantly, but sometimes it hurts more than usual. on jay z and the moment.
.@kitchenbee on "a history of food in 100 recipes" and the pleasures of reading cookbooks like works of fiction:
.@shteyngart: confessions of a @googleglass explorer
lisa rosenbaum asks: can a nation of more satisfied patients be a healthier nation over all?
we asked readers to select their favorite cartoons from our archives. here are the responses:
patricia marx on brain gyms aimed at minimizing, slowing, or even reversing cognitive decline (sub req):
interactive: compare photos of the jersey shore taken after hurricane sandy and again this month:
cartoon of the night by matthew diffee:
.@tnyfrontrows dvd of the week: yasujiro ozus good morning
click-through for a slide show of joachim ladefogeds photos from denmarks roskilde festival:
time to mess with texas
political scene: david remnick and ryan lizza discuss how obama's two speeches signal new messages:
.@tnyjohncassidy: how strong are the cases against steve cohen and #sac?
the daily cartoon by mike twohy:
understanding huma abedin: emily greenhouse on political wives and their husbands' indiscretions:
.@jonathanalter on obama's "double consciousness" on race and how it can spark a fresh conversation:
we asked readers to choose their favorite cartoons from our archives. here are some of the responses:
shouts and murmurs: @ethankuperberg imagines even more new features of your gmail inbox:
we asked readers to choose their favorite cartoons from our archives. here are the responses:
.@sashagila on the story of a generations romantic chaos in @adellewaldman's brilliant new book:
.@magger on why he's rooting for barnes and noble and the serendipitous bookstore experience:
a sermon on race from national review
who are the twelve greatest living narrative filmmakers?
.@nickpaumgarten on a late-night hockey game against anthony #weiner and why it's time to pull the goalie:
rt @ryanlizza: scoop: the current and former directors of the #nsa explain why the us is really spying on brazil:
bill buford makes three classical french dishes with chef @danielboulud (sub req):
a look at this week's cover, "natural frame" by lorenzo mattotti:
political cartoon of the day:
remembering maxwell's: @bengreenman on hoboken's historic rock club and heart of the new jersey music scene:
.@borowitzreport: #weiner continues sexting during apology
james lasdun on turning down doris lessing's pseudonymous novel for publication, and rediscovering her decades later:
can mental workouts improve brain function? patricia marx completes brain drills to find out (sub req):
political cartoon of the day:
why summer makes us lazy
"i dont know how many others died on that road." @mjmcknight's moving story of family, before and after #trayvon:
#egypt's soap-opera islamists: why the muslim brotherhood still fascinates people, even those who despise it
.@rolloromig on the power and durability of "dancing in the street," detroit's radical anthem:
amy davidson explains why, if the #royalbaby is a girl, she'll be a human rights pioneer:
are streaming services failing new artists? @sfj talks with @dada_drummer about @nigelgod, @thomyorke, and @spotify:
spartacus has never once mentioned all the weight i have lost. jack handey imagines complaints about spartacus:
the adorable daniel day lewis in tonight, so much warmer, funnier and sweeter than ppl think he is, was at @shakespearebway tonight. snow too!
incredible quilt stitched for me by @johannaanimator - thank you so, so, so much!! it's going on my bed now
@2000pesos absolutely. thats how evelyn waugh pronounced it. also garish to rhyme with parish. but times change
@adampsowden agreed!
@sharkiemick but its obvious i am
umpire calls for lights and yet hes wearing bono style sunnies hmmmm
@jinxyzed haha!
@iconrods we-ell, better late than never. welcome to the fold
at penultimate performance of @romeojulietbway behind the whispering, scrunching of sweet wrappers and texting, a fine production going on
i must now to bed. 2 down with 3 to go is inevitable. heigh ho. i am pleased by a great aussie side. also unhappy. conflicted. #ashes
hells teeth what terrible fielding to give the scariest man on earth his half century  #ashes
ooh that drift, how it gives you a lift @montypanesar
bowling monty and swanny against michael clarke, the best player against spin in the world. can that be right? #ashes
going up 6th ave. bead shops everywhere. what is beading? or eyebrow threading? and why so many nail shops? darling usa, a foreign country.
good lord, this dusty old relic from the comedy antique cupboard. good old @realmeatloaf.
now that bbm is available for android and ios its still very up and running. and doing this for christmas
oh dear. oh dear of dear. bedtime here in nyc. dreaming of an unlikely england magisterial stand #ashes
one of my all time heroes sally field in the audience. feeling swoony 
mandela invited his robben island jailers his inauguration   class
oh no. just heard. madiba dead. one of the greatest ever to share the planet with us. #mandela
and then reduced to this
@drew_carver look harder
time for interview - do i tell @charlierose id rather not sit in a seat that @michaeldell has occupied or do i remain polite? the latter :(
by the pants of elisha. just awake. its nearly 2pm. mad ny to la, la to ny schedule + two @shakespearebway shows finally caught up with me
go and see fab environmental art gallery and cafe. discover great place to shop, eat well and support good causes
oh suarez has scored. suarez? really? how unpredictable. sobs from matinee interval @shakespearebway #otbc #ncfc
help beat eating disorders. donate to @beated and #doubleyourdonation from 10am on 5, 6 and 7 december #tbgchallenge
@drapermovies @tomdaley1994 wowser. accidental. freudian perhaps...
phew! 12th night @shakespearebway over. can now say genuinely (self excluded) #hobbitdos best ever peter jackson movie. cant wait for next!
just about to be live on the fb and youtube pages of the #hobbitpremier - all very wild and exciting
pop quiz, people. where am i?
wormwood scrubs pony centre needs your support. help kickstart its 250k 25th anniversary appeal
@chris_pcfc no, i will be. first the matinee, then the flight. didnt misread 
if anything will incite me to grow a moustache next november it's this preposterous sub-judith butler drivel
this is superb:
its world aids day on sunday #factup about what it is actually like to live with hiv @nat_aids_trust #wad13
@deans35 im in the us 
yes, i rather overestimated the debt at first! no excuse as the theater im playing in is opposite the national debt clock on w44th st.
a purple hippo, mouth slavering with blood after having feasted on thirty careless new york children
a thing.  who knows. an american thing.
pls vote to win 100,000 partnership with luton airport to grant @starlightmagic wishes for terminally ill kids
friends @stonewalluk have launched gay. lets get the meaning straight to tackle homophobic language:
so proud of my friend simon mcburney and of @e_n_o this production sounds fantastic.
something to celebrate this #worldaidsday: @globalfund saving millions of lives. great animation from @stopaids
its national hiv testing week in england. find out where you can get a free hiv test:
online tutoring service @mathsdoctortv makes maths fun with an app to calculate your chance of meeting @harry_styles
a quote extraordinary exchange of letters between pussy rioter nadezhda tolokonnikova and philosopher  slavoj iek
best of luck to #mooneboy tonight at the @iemmys. nominated for best comedy @sproutpictures @babycowltd @bigboyler. fingers firmly crossed.
well surprise surprise. hypocrisy in the holy see:
oh dear - not a good first innings l, lets be honest.
@schez9 not impose. not master of my time though x
@jackprescott_ no.
1:11 am in nyc @bumblecricket 
hells teeth its hard to listen to/watch a test match when ones the other side of the world. and in a place where no one cares! #tms
bradley whitford as in the west wing was in this matinee. christopher walken yesterday. i keep having to fan myself @shakespearebway
reddit asked whats the funniest film title you can come up with by adding just one letter? i was much taken by the k-kings speech
tell it like it is, @jrhodespianist, tell it like it is
sunday matinee in an hour and 10. the great william goldman coming. inconceivable! @shakespearebway
@dr_dimitra_fimi agatha christie didnt allow its publication until after her death
@kier_c dont need them after the 8s but otherwise ok, i reckon
@cailinlucy previous actors have written up their plays and runs - unfortunately mine the only visible one!
@virgofolkie havent been for a few years, but love it. ah, pike place market 
happy 65th birthday pow. many have no affection for you, but i am happy to confess that i admire you hugely and wish you a great day.
i support @eavescharity #tinyprotest to influence the uk govts modern slavery
congraulations @dominic_reid at what sounds like a great lord mayors show x
lovely tradition here of other broadway productions sending signed well-wishing messages
the founder of not the 9 o'clock news, spitting image, blackadder, qi - the great john lloyd with @littleatoms here
alright, who sent me this? it isnt funny and it isnt clever #guessthemissingword
lordy heavens blimey -
thats enough boasty tweets. im too podgy. got a spot and i do stupid things.
wow! what a nightmare  and what a result  all kudos to joao:
urgent request: please ask scotland's politicians to vote for the #equalmarriage bill:
@debilarge gracious!
this is the stunning olympics video russia doesn't want you to see, rt #lovealwayswins!
wow - my dear friend @welshjaci nominated for her blog: section g8 here -
francis had his leg driven through a log and left for nearly 2yrs #psychosis #mentalhealth. now free! @basicneedsintl 
my curly contribution to #movember
hm. yes. norwich score. just seen. not ideal, obviously. erm. well. oh dear. #otbc #ncfc
@garyperkins60 utterly not. anti-stratfordians make me froth and gibber: like psychics and horologists. dont get me started. marlowe died 1593
how very kind and considerate of @shakespearebway to give us this unlooked for extra hour on sunday 
hooray, its samaritans 60th birthday! text match to 70123 to donate 3, please do it today -your donation will be doubled. #samsat60
well done @youyoumentoring aspiring poets+poems helping us think and consider our relationship to the environment
why is @marriott hotel hosting hate? tell them to ditch dangerous #gay "cure" conferences now:
whoop! @new_adventures #sleepingbeauty  so looking forward 
roar with laughter! grab tickets for @tigertimenow's comedy event with @marcusbrig @ g live, guildford, 11th nov
bristol breast care centre @northbristolnhs and @bustsouthmead need your votes for best breast #cancer awareness video
here i am as master of laketown in the hobbit: the desolation of smaug. so attractive!
@frankiegrace_ cyclothymia according to my psych
@pken84 the fact that the word is spelled "aitch" rather gives away the answer. the irish aspirated pronunciation seems to be gaining tho
happy birthday @johncleese you old darling xxx
tonight 7.30 c4: the wonderful @adeadepitan is in mexico for #unreportedworld on terrible treatment of mentally ill
@boygeorge
please retweet this, sincerely stephen #lordofthetweets
this we like
the @pinknews deputy editor gets engaged in the state rooms of the house of commons- there's a first:
@emmagkeller aawww - thank you!!
oh that's too utterly charming
you dont have to be a geek to enjoy this from @databarracks, but it might help
@karencheee im afraid i dont know how the ticketing works. wish i could help 
@e_brailsford whoever said they were? but first things first. bullying, violence, suicide, low self-esteem. deal with them and then scotland?
questioning malcolm @gladwell about his new book today @commentisfree your questions to
@farleyshere @paulruk it's not very gig. you cd fit the whole population of the earth onto a landmass the size of manhattan - and nyc rocks
@lorenamexicana no, i'm in america. different time zone.
questioning malcolm @gladwell about his new book on monday @commentisfree your questions to
in nyc so devastated ill miss @wigpartys masked ball for @nat_aids_trust itll be an unmissable party and #deadglam 
thank you all for your positive response to #outthere  all of us involved are so happy to know that it struck home.
interval  @ belasco theatre
oh my lordy lordy lord. first preview in under 2 hours. were completely sold out this evening which is good news. i think. @shakespearebway
i just supported changemakers on uk poverty   on @thunderclapit // @freefromtorture
@sendavidnorris @todayfmofficial gracious david, i can't picture it. kudos, me old darlin. this back at you
first of 'stephen fry: out there' tonight @bbc2 9pm. a matter very close to my heart @sproutpictures @mavericktv
sh about oats. its time for a dress rehearsal *serious face*
some of the street food in nyc is fabulous.  kwik meal on 45th and 6th incredible. delicious bangladeshi lamb on rice and a soda for $10  yum
a playful and tender little number at jermyn st. theatre that just wants a little kickstart @potsdamquartet #potsdam
facing being the mad hatter? help rnib record a very curious talking
book tomorrow at waterloo station. #readforrnib
@nemelle i do love nyc. on the treadmill of technical rehearsals all this week though, which are very exhausting. costume changes, cues, etc
westminster working together on world#mentalhealth#day to challenge ignorance and insult with music poetry and wit
@andymercer many times, he was an quite astonishing man. miss him greatly.  glad i knew him but wouldnt want to have worked for him!
congratulations to malala who won a pride of britain award last night. watch her receiving her award on the show on itv tonight at 8pm
do you have a literacy hero who has inspired you or others to read? nominate them here:
im no fan of rabbit-hutch homes - help say no to tiny uk homes at
good te uk, hello broadway. i shant be back till mid feb: the uk can heave a huge sigh of relief. im not your problem now. just dacre.
@debilarge a joke i fear...
@jonnycymru sesquipedalian means a foot and a half long - and is used to suggest prolixity 
@nemelle indeed! and can you thank marlin (whose twitter handle i don't know) for the lovely socks which arrived today!
all respect, but the dryers in the @jerwoodspace loos are antediluvian: like having a mouse breath gently on your hands
@nztwit we did do one a couple of years ago - but that was only australia im afraid 
@leedslass09 so tired i slept through the whole procedure -lovely gritty polish included!
excellent -
ooh, that naughty @david_cameron stole the profits not a dirty word idea: shall we sue?
@iseewonderland yup!
@nemelle i keep changing. the talk radio stations are hilariously rude
@siobhanbrophire we sure did. im sure youtube will provide...
and how cool is it that the gosper curve, in honour of the koch snowflake is called the flowsnake? meant to be.
@greyareauk didn't you love the fact that you could use eproms and proms for instant access. wordwise etc ah, les beaux jours
i remember the first koch curves, snowflake and flowsnake, recursive fractals - and now this
.@mrtweeksy indeed i am, and i have a badge to prove it!
how marvellous that @thelonelydodo won a @tseawards for standing up for endangered species
my series out there featuring frothing homophobes and heroic lgbts living under brutal regimes airs mon oct 14 and wed oct 16, bbc 2, 9pm.
political comedy tory boyz  by james graham and @nytofgb tackles homophobic bullying in schools and politics @ambtheatre
this man is so worth watching: made before obamacare, of course
@lauradempster behave!
@johnathanswift7 hippo bathday
it's #lupusawarenessmonth. #lupus is often invisible and hard to understand. @lupusuk discuss in their new video
yay, friend @johnnyflynnhq has a new album out. he was viola in our twelfth night and is an awesome singer/songwriter
it's been wonderful curating #deloitteignite @royaloperahouse. one of the most inspiring moments of the month:
exciting: @alandavies1 and i will be live-streamed through twitter at 6pm bst as we fuse art and science
ah, the incredible string band, will never stop loving them...
the very dear and great @lesliephillips_ has a programme on more 4 tonight hello. 9 pm -a a must watch x
it seems @jrhodespianist thinks i look like charles iv of denmark, on show at houghton hall at the moment
oh, now i come to think of it, i bet its a bloody advert for something *face palm* - im so dashed gullible 
watch: a little preview of the live-streamed experiment im doing with @alandavies1 at @royaloperahouse
@coffeeman2862 well, thats where the messiah had its premier so v appropriate!
@ewanventers @marissathekissa believe me, the pleasure was all ours. a million glimmering shimmering thanks x
grab a gorilla @gogogorillas auction 3 october @theforumnorwich in aid of @breakwriter and  @bffoundation
howard hodgkins charity commission multiplication being sold to raise money for terrence higgins trust. buy here:
kate winslet giving her views on celebrity photographer andy gotts @drgotts
before the release of 'icons' book! #ejaf
another full days rehearsal for @shakespearebway - shaming how many malvolio lines ive forgotten since jan when we closed in the w end!
@rugton lullaby? "lay your sleeping head my love, human on my faithless arm", funeral blues of course the muse de beax arts .. so many!
mind that child: opera at its most surreal in il trovatore
#iam4rhinos
@katiebear83 both were used - you see each on some clocks
just did this interview with @beaujensen
time to get baking for #norwichbiggestcoffeemorning  @macmillancancer. coffee, cake, community spirit  a fine city! 
i've heard @belfreetheatre's one of the greatest productions of #kinglear london has ever seen. so sad not to be there @the_globe go for me!
@richardaeden ah, thats the joy of being a human being. i was responding to personal lies. but do help yourself to thinking me a hypocrite
got an iphone 5? download the new spitfire ar app from @bronzelabs and @rafbf
shocking film of children in #syria by @savechildrenuk - watch and share. #song4syria:
the reality of playing in 12th night @shakespearebway keeps getting closer and closer. i still fit into my malvolio costume thank goodness
an (i hope) exciting announcement about a livestreamed event involving me, @alandavies1 and a team of scientists
good old sweden. there's always something going on 
well i mean, really! (via @pettore)
marvellous thoughts here
@flutterbyfjl hm /theres a resemblance certainly, but 
ouch!
wagner is truly out of this world  he has an asteroid named after him.
hell daniel barenboim on sky arts 2 playing liszt. very heaven.
last chance to see the wonderful bunker @swkplay - the southwark playhouse
good luck to the cast of @barkinginessex opening tonight in the west end. written by my old friend and jeeves and wooster adaptor clive exton
@tomhfh honoured!
well, wagner won but who would do without each? fun to take part as a moderator not a debater. @southbanksinf were aces #deloitteignite
@nastyoldmrpike thats a negative i'm afraid. i will always give scores as minus x - its how we do it in english. vulcans may be different
for those across the pond unable to attend #deloitteignite in person, a walking tour of wagner's new york
being live-streamed this afternoon! giving a beginners insight into two of my musical heroes
a suitably epic warm-up as #ncfc return to battle. norse gods as a precursor to er, johan elmander
my #deloitteignite festival of all things musical and theatrical continues this weekend in london. come and join me!
gosh, 70 techies cycling paris-london to help children access education. i do hope @techbikers reach their goal
the jaws theme, the star wars imperial march  examples of leitmotifs (recognisable themes) pioneered by wagner #deloitteignite
convivial gathering at the cleggery last night to celebrate the enacting of the gay marriage bill.
24hrs non-stop running by @pete_scull and martin scull for wonderful @mindcharity! check the link and sponsor if you can
splendid response to a flooded cricket pitch crisis. threlkeld cricket club's search for a new wicket
@fabulousbrit what? what am i suppose to have said??
get behind @ruokday by starting a year-round conversation that can make a difference to someone struggling with life
@camsquirrel your views on intolerance?
research study by @spectrumcentre offering free support for parents with bipolar still looking for people
@accordingtogp @qi nazi-loving??? he died 50 years before hitler became chancellor!!!
wow @catpower ftw 
@pauldunphy aawww - thank you!!
rt @cccuapppsy short video about main issues/ controversies in #psychiatricdiagnosis and #dsm
the wonderful @eltonjohndotcom and @kylieminogue customised @adidasuk stan smiths for @stonewalluk auction. get bidding!
u
@benjamincohen hurrah!
when not shipping larry, im patron of the wondrous great fen, id love it to grow yet greater.
eternally grateful to @prodnose for this piece of fabulosity 
@morrieswig shes very peculiar. i dont spend any time thinking about her. i think she disappeared into the south coast somewhere
brave and good parents
elton john - icon award #gqawards
@daveymccallum neither can i - he was more than an arse about that x
@kasperholten highly true kasper!
wagner isnt just for opera fans  his music crops up in films from american pie to spider-man
what those ikea names really mean - and its weird: (via @elvis717)
great london charity @citygateways inaugural gala dinner 5th sept. help young people into employment. tickets here
now that is how long my arm has become. how do i stop it growing? help!!
wonderful, music fans from around the world united in song to celebrate a very special 200th birthday
@stephenfry: oh how sad, just heard of the death of seamus heaney.
"earth receive an honoured guest
seamus heaney's put to rest."
congratulations to all the england players for winning #womensashes especially @lydiagreenway for a great 80 after coming in at 9 for 3
train forces special needs kids to sit on floor because their presence "spoils" trip for others
wagner's music should come with a health warning
just emerged happy, energised and hugely impressed from book of mormon: satire, brilliance and wit all perfectly combined - @bookofmormonldn
@mfd65955959 @emilieradiofr a ne fait rien.... un droit est un droit nanmoins
thanks to @beaujensen for finding this. it reminds me of my recent climbing adventures with the man himself.
@garygmone no, we won the series 3-0 but we were within 15 minutes of winning the final match when bad light stopped play
doing a recording sound check for the bbc3 interval talk of tonights parsifal at the proms.
@kayla_ire dont know his twitter id bit sending love anyway x
@stuartbroad8 sorry missed you when you looked in at the surrey committee room
must sleep now before its my birthday . night night all xxx
@jennyspilker nonetheless it is logically impossible for both to be right, yes?
@crazyauditer i shall remember that if i ever think to imply such a preposterous thing
@crazyauditer calling them all killers and abusers? how does libel and lying help?
@irrpfad embarrassing, isnt it?! and my father like alistair cook was a st paul's chorister. oh the shame.
.@vadersgirl1997 they manage! i just have to try and tell myself that it doesnt hurt. plus the block function of course
@steveloftus69 oh now i understand! phew! all clear in my mind now x
time to shower, bath, put on as many blue clothes as i can and get myself to the oval. cricket!!!
@tommy3141watson some. but stephen jay gould's noma is a busted flush.
@mrmishoni that doesnt even mean anything. even faintly.
@uk_harty hardly the first time hes been asked that obvious question and superbly answered it.
@kallereijonen religions perfect? slavery, massacre, genital mutilation, torture.  all in their books.
@fiona_rosie but science can repeat experiments under repeatable conditions. ignore the noma fallaxy
@awofaisa worship of what entity? why would a creator be so arrogant as to wish to be bowed down to and worshipped? insane.
.@dawncaddy so do i (with a few re spellings) i totally respect devout pious believers. its the churches, frauds, money-grabbers and liars
@jamesdiabeetus thor (or donner in the german version) is rather cool . i love loge too and fricka freya and wotan. how are people so dumb?
@susiecue04 i rather believe that makes the french  obtuse. the mythologies of different cultures are not similar they contradict, do better
@splendiferous52 wjat you didnt expect logic? disappointed
.@rachie_roberts9 sometimes the entitled to be offended just get my goat. apologies. i usually try to be polite but there comes a point
@mrkorrodi well utterly wrong. im jewish. never been gentile. and sometimes it becomes moral duty to speak the truth, not just to be liked
don't forget if you're going to the oval tomorrow wear blue for @lordstaverners @chance2shine and @pcabenevolent charities #cricketunited
@iamhavel well, you wont we the pleasure of me im afraid. here comes a block. ah, the joy of it.
@wealands_bell and since you mention it, it's because "theology" kills, maims, abuses, lies, distorts, ignores truths and just hopes. bad.
@the_macbean used to being hated. if you met him, you'd find him charming, courteous and likeable. but he cares how science is being killed
@yasirtineh neother richard or i care a flying fuck whether or anyone becomes an atheist. we just want people to think freely and sensibly.
@marcokeeffe the absolute reverse: were always criticised for only attacking catholic/baptist evils etc and being afraid of islam
.@wisengard oh, sorry we must be talking about a different @richarddawkins - my apologies. dont know yours.
watch @saneaustralia #stigmavideo featuring inspiring people w #mentalillness. will you reconsider your #stigma?
good on you wentworth!
@jonarmitage yay!!!!!
this is truly magnificent! articulate, passionate, brave and just what is needed. three cheers to james!!!! #sochi
two friends and heroes, @jrhodespianist and @derrenbrown together bathing us in a  bath of bliss
.@matia0003
@stephenfry: my hair is almost as inspissated as that of master styles i think. that's all we seem to have in common.
they played this on radio 4s pm yesterday. dollys jolene slowed down by 17% - awesome
@ecotube:  russian attackers upload video of violent attack on trans woman by five men
booked tickets for @anotherwayldn @cockpittheatre for @intervalprods. starts september 13:
@wwarped i use everything (except windows of course) x
ah, mae west  13 things you might not know about her
o to the m to the g!
one all at carrow road - sounds tense #ncfc  #otbc
grab tickets for my event with @alandavies1 on 29 sept exploring the science of opera. did he love it or fall asleep?
always sad to see a norfolk pub close. good luck @saveourkingsarm with your community share issue
manchester! 17 aug pussy riot fundraiser free festival film screening. aug 18and19
@phibblet which is to say john ogdon - must confess i've not heard of charles ogden ...
also for sorabji fans there's this british site run by the dedicated alistair hinton
@davidjackson97 well, there is that, i'm almost sorry to confess
hurrah! i have the hearing of someone younger than 50! how's yours?
best of luck to all of you nibbling your fingernails about tomorrow's exam results xxx
.@dave_kirkwood #copingwiththebigc
@janeharding: @stephenfry - just for you!!
brutal evil and glorious courage  (via @elvis717) 
this one for those interested in linguistics: scholarly but interesting: "the reason for being human is the moon
according to @soundwavehq there are people 10 metres from me in florence listening to daft punk, eminem and holy vatican prayers. variety
rainbow pins, armbands etc specifically banned and the ioc will punish athletes who wear them. but they can control a gesture #sochisalute
it just needs to be a simple non-aggressive gesture that shows support for the brutality being meted out in russian lgbts. #sochisalute
if you zoom in you can just see the dome of santa croce
@a_useless_human they may well be outraged - but bigotry and violent abuse is what it is.
kudos to @stuartbroad8 and the england team. they found aggression and belief just when it mattered. we've won not just retained the ashes!
intelligent, iconic, in danger. #onekilledevery15mins celebrate #elephants and act to help them
@marksedd0n absolutely. i was merely floating an idea. if russian lgbt people disagree i accede. let's final another way of making our point
@namapes59 just to remind you what the dm is and always has been 
@michaelcozens oh, i disapprove of murder, genocide, invasion, censorship, book burning - anything else you need?
@beaubodor: love @stephenfry but i think he's making a rod for his own back with his latest go at putin:
please have a look at this petition, it means a lot to me:
me talking to pinkety-poo yesterday 
@stuartmacrae i know: it was an accidental link. saw 2 lines and knew it was written by an imbecile. i love german music, hate nazis - hard?
@davemorrissey64: well done @stephenfry
@cjgsinclair @timothy_stanley qi isnt a game show. i have 5 degrees. written 10 books. and your qualifications for being taken seriously?
just a reminder about lord dacre, the mail's preposterous maniacal fhrer:
incredible images if you follow @wwt-filmcrew can you guess what they are?
@caitlinmoran raaaaah!
probably being paranoid... we seem to be able to get the site standing again, but the blog has been deleted. we'll get in back there.
@bryanamacdonald i can't talk about everything but happy to agree with you.
@schastlivaya tyrants should be mocked and scorned, humour can a strong weapon.
een petitie voor mijn nederlandse vrienden. dank je wel!
.@adam1683brown do you seriously imagine i read the daily mail or ever would? absolutely not! id advise the same for you for a happy life!
thats the one:
@blacbloc
@nickgriffinmep but it was progress that made us abolish the slave trade, move towards emaciation and equality for race, gender and sexuality
just 7% of books are fully accessible to blind and partially sighted people. watch rnib change the story
@trobadorsmith @klokatze i was there in march and did my best
intensely moving, thank you, @elvis717
three rather wonderful cartoon strips from @tonyhusband1 chronicling his father's dementia with loving charm and wit:
huge thanks to @posipeople who did their best to keep my site up and running yesterday against incalculable odds. more traffic than bangkok
ouch! you may have seen some of these before, and yes, i know i resemble one of the faith tones! (via @kathylette)
us friends, season 1 of sprout's new comedy starring @bigboyler #mooneboy now on @hulu
speaking out - some of you have seen my letter (above) to david cameron and the ioc urging a ban on the...
and there's this reason too -
@cjayfla oh you're talking about the pinker essay. sorry, thought you were referring to my blog. i fear pinker and reason are rather above you
@alexgrayuk @itv canary wharf isn't in the city.
@david_cameron in case your staff havent shown you this, prime minister, id very grateful if you would read it
my open letter to @number10gov @sebcoe and@iocmedia. can we let the new fascist russia host an olympiad? 
just seen @derrenbrown - what a genius. and underneath such entertainment what a great blow for rationalism and empiricism. fantastic!
tonight, @sproutpictures and i would like humbly to offer you a serving of our very own televisual entertainment:
@hollywoodgosslp say what? your link just leads to some crap spam site?
@larts2504 it is a simply magnificent church isn't it? whether you like windsors or not he has done a huge amount (as has my bro) to keep it
it's wrong of me to want it to rain in manchester. completely wrong and unsporting. and yet while australia have outplayed us, oh dear @bbctms
tweeting this because @ollychamberlain is a friend and because it's very charming
well, at least theyve chosen a wonderful actor #drwho
as if we needed more proof that the bbc has lost the f-ing plot. he's supposed to bloody regenerate not be on a naff children's show #drwho
er @mrchrismcgrath if you think that's what the duma's bill is about you're either insane or deliberately being as lying and evil as putin
my beloved russian followers: please read this and circulate to all your russian friends
with thanks to @emzebum #boycottrussia
nothing like a quick trip down percy passage
@rickyshabazzz well calculated!
do you want an anti-#gay #olympics? tell the ioc to stop russias #lgbt crackdown:
@jordanu94: @stephenfry this drawing of you made the front page of reddit
@splottmanx @michaelmowbray1 hmmm - i see what you mean. if i've been deceived as to the true nature of the site then i'm very sorry...
@dd82dee is it complimentary?
@stevesuttar oh, i've just seen your tweet. no it was a coincidence! great minds think alike x
rt @nemelle  "don't you want to nudge your followers to buy 12th night on dvd? it's out today:
a reminder what we lost when that fine actor paul bhattacharjee so sadly took his life: @sankhal83's film cursed
with b cumberbatch and others revelling in the afterglow of the brilliance of @jrhodespianist @sohotheatre
@nemelle agreed!
@rubbir very kind, but not just now thanks
me and my clumsy fingers sheesh
had splendid time at #alphapapa - steve coogan, felicity montagu, phil cornwell et al all om top form. v v funny
@predawnduke way to make a man feel old...
@jimmy_soho which means i cant answer you direct
i should of course have said the london premire, wholly secondary to the proper norwich world premire which i annoyingly couldnt make
@nickhanshaw im afraid it was me. flip-flop guilty
hmm. do bears poo in the woods?
@koreysamuel all of those things. ambiguity and an equivocal amusement/pride/doubt should surely be the reaction of anyone honest?
today we say gave birth to - used to be was delivered of '
8lbs 6oz. interesting that babies are always in imperial units not metric...
a message from our leader - paul bunyan | britten
scottish star @alancumming and total honeybun says it's time for scotland to have #equalmarriage. battle not yet won!
utter bliss at the albert hall. a verdi evening in maestro pappano's expert hands #bbcproms
i suppose i must soon prepare my pogonotrophy for broadway. it's the interstitial timeframe that's so acutely embarrassing...
super! the west end play @beautthing is now a hd film, downloadable today
question -
here i am in the world's omphalos: no other place on earth to be. happier than a happy hamster. #homeofcricket #theashes
and let's not forget women's cricket:
@jim_price i do like @bunnyonions too - *sigh* so glad i'm not a captain or selector .
@nathanbrannen diagonal! that's the silly answer. but some things don't really have exact antonyms... 'perpendicular' doesn't quite do it
@p_tweet_b @emcordy sorry i missed you, but congratulations on graduating (even if they didn't teach you how to spell wolseley!) xxx
@hibbitto74 @veuveclicquotuk sadly am allergic, yes... thanks for the thought tho!
aussies have got #returntheurn we've
@johncleese almost had me there, you old bastard xxx
@padbrit oh noes! and i worship the very ground he walks on. he reminds me of the best of harry worth and robb wilton. hope he's kind to me
if you're using the virtual stephen fry app
dont, whatever you do, invite alan rickman round and ask him to help himself to a cuppa
congrats to alby; batted non-stop 26 hrs to set new world record.support his rwanda cricket charity at
@ridecaptainride *virtual handshake* x
@djryan actually vns title was originally going to be speak, mnemosyne but his publishers dissuaded him
the great @jrhodespianist has gigs @sohotheatre, dean street 24-27th july and august 1-3
my second jaegerbomb of the evening - and the shaming thing is that i'm not even slightly ashamed 
be part of a world record! in an ashes summer, this chap is giving it a go at the oval and needs bowlers/support.
i'm supposed to be concentrating on writing a book but how can i concentrate with this epically mad test match going on? #bbctms
check out #the_speedicut_papers for a raunchy romp
watch dustin hoffman lose it trying to talk about what being born a woman is like. by @americanfilm (via @upworthy)
happy birthday @spectrumcentre  great work over last 5 yrs on psychological therapies for people living with bipolar disorder  keep it up!
my bowels are turing to water and my legs to jelly #wimbledon
only just heard this sad news. double-click and farewell to a great mind. 
@mcskippy737 wars plural? against japan was august!
if any americans are awake yet, happy independence day! next time try and win a war in winter. you wont wait for fireworks till midnight.
i'm watching me and my guide dog- 3 july 8pm itv @itv #myguidedog are
you?
by, that boycs is summat. they broke the mould after they made him. or was it before? fun evening in aid of
bbc 3's it's a mad world season continues tonight with 2nd part of dont call me crazy (set in the mcguinness unit in manchester) x
fun reading to some year 4 children in tulse hill as part of july 13th's #getlondonreading campaign
@zozotaps its been observed.  hes better looking tho
@mrscupcake79: look at you @stephenfry - young pup!
click this link to check out this channel on rockpack
a sexy, twisty new british film to support, #trapforcinderella, directed by long time pal iain softley. check here  -
@raven0108 who else but the great @kathylette - her frock was of a print made of strawberries too
have you seen #itstime - @lgbtscotland's #equalmarriage video yet? do watch and share it with your loved ones:
freud may have a point herebut not in my case i'm happy (i think!) to say
oh dear #iccchampionstrophy
whoop! #englandcricket
gulp! #englandcricket
@kralizec_ogli you wanted to meet me and the  youd marry your mum? thats weird. oh, oh i see what you mean now. fine. as you were.
@ladygodfrey i respond to tweets all time time. oh look, this is an example...
gay artefacts at the bm
youre my hero @barmyswami 
do take a look at this charming indie film in love with alma cogan by norfolk-based @capriolfilms. out on dvd june 24
@jameswharton you're so welcome  - it's a marvellous book xxx
missed me in @the_globe's #twelfthnight? you can see it in cinemas worldwide from 22 june as part of #globeonscreen:
lets face it, anyone who shouts get in the hole! during a golf tournament should be deported to devils island.
darts wives - its got to be the way forward.
 

@amandrabynes: @stephenfry you fucking gay fag go die of cancer and get donuts thrown at your house . i like donuts!!! thanks, sweetheart
maybe this one will work...
@lukedentonbell correct!
dimly, for he was not accustomed to thinking along these lines, he perceived the numbing truth that we h
doing my best with a verse masterpiece that all my russian friends tell me is as untranslatable as it is matc
@mcmillh02 the former hear, hear.
@tplambert both, if im honest. which obviously im not if what i confessed is true. oh what a paradox.
@davie2405 let me just say that there was a confusion with out mr dalliard. there so often is.
fantastic! @arteverywhereuk putting art on thousands of billboards. help turn the uk into the world's largest gallery
time to support lgbt @londonlgbtpride 29 june, see navratilova vs balding and dine with boris johnson
@son0fcoul godfather part 2, his girl friday, sergeant york, sullivan's travels
@hjwoj true!
(1). how to wiretap the cloud (without anybody noticing) by caspar bowden (prism) this matters!
@edquilty sure does
whoop!  kennethbranaghs the magic flute out today in u.s. on vod/dvd 
dan stevens, dominic cooper, emily browning - everyone perfect in emotionally stunning summer in february
@andrewcodling @3amovement dang, how did they discover that? sheesh. must have been something to do with coming proudly out when i was 17
wow - @phildtaylor in astonishing form. but the hammer is playing so well too. should be a classic #ukopendarts
@3amovement: i've run many experiments on twitter, atheists use multiple accounts. frys followers close to 50k. impressive mathematics
might have a nice nap now!
@3amovement whos stephen fry - or cant your strange invisible friend spell? ive seen the tweets: theyre just amused not hate-filled!
i like it when its so sunny but the prevailing wind is easterly so its warm in the sun but not too much so. walk then brunch then london.
on my way to ruthin, which i gather is a nice market town
hi mikey!
new @bbcworldservice series exploring the radically different attitudes and definitions of mental health globally
exciting: @revolverus is hosting a live qanda w/ ken branagh in theatres june 9 for magic flute us release! get dvd:
there are lots of things we can all do each day to help ourselves feel a little bit better. @aware want to know, #whatdoyoudo ?
great teentech awards finalists showing how creative youngsters can be with technology
34 runs i should have said
@ap16ap what a gorgeous day. shame i have to be inside for most of it.
#norfolkis home. #norfolkis pleasingly odd. #norfolkis staggeringly beautiful. join the #norfolkis campaign
edward, i am who i say i am. thatll have to do
this is deeply disturbing 
had fun doing a podcast thingy with @herring1967 - what a lovely guy. fab audience too.
next week the house of lords will vote on #equalmarrriage, @out4marriage has created a great website to lobby them!
no fake
@kirstinescott indeed i am. i contribute my voice to it.
and an aviary in the background - let's explore
surprisingly delicious sea kale
cardinal sin
what glorious words - thanks to @janetvaneeden
@thtorguk more than 13 i can assure you. more like 23 or 25!
quite audioboo 13
@richardosman: i'm recording qi later today. i am very excited about it. i am at work this morning but i'm not really concentrating.
@cuntymolls simply no idea. your guess as good as mine.
@lordveteran oh no! thats horrible. im so sorry. not in my hands. i know that sounds feeble but simply true. wish it werent so
@amiculi thats the other side 
@harbourbooks its not my call, but a fascinating idea. contact the producers
must say am liking blackberry q10 - it's so damned blackberry ...
@nathanielmufc october-ish i think. possibly september 
can't believe qi k series will be over tomorrow. just 3 more to record.
i seem to remember may 1966 being incredibly soggy. i was 9 and in charge of the schools rain-gauge and max-min thermometer.
call for a public inquiry into the response of police and other state agencies to domestic violence #inmariasname:
@robo_python never did
him @imblobfish - also it give our top 4 much needed batting practice 
@ronanfarrow @jemima_khan @alaindebotton and whos awake now? hmmmm???
@jamiehartman be a mensch and confess you've dug yourself into a self-righteous hole from which there is no escape. or speech isn't free
@jamiehartman preposterous: falling into the hands of murdering madmen. it nearly have me a heart attack - every day 1,000s have one. defy
.@jamiehartman and if you think young people are so stupid and malleable and unable to google bullet catch -
off to catch bullet catch at the shed, the nationals new popup theatre 
#bigtweet for missing children tomorrow. together we could help bring a child home.
last year i was lucky enough to be inducted to the digital hall of fame: #digitalhof 5 new names announced 24 july!
welcome to twitter @tonyhusband1 private eye cartoonist and all round wonderful fellow.
@steph_2603
ah, what a night. back to blighty now - the sounds still ringing in my ears. farewell and thank you, all at bayreuth.
goodness what a wonderful evening. concert, dinner, another concert, now bed: 1:30am here #happybirthdayrichardwagner
alles ist so oberaffentittengeil - oberaffenturbotittengeil, tatschlich
@goekip ein bisselas they say in franconia and austria 
also v excited to be curating #deloitteignite @royaloperahouse  a joyous celebration of maestros wagner and verdi
happy 200th richard wagner, you old monster. insanely excited to be on my way to bayreuth for the special birthday concert.
oh just heard about the great great eddie braben -
@withjohnhurt dang, a year out! do you remember that press conference for v. what did you do to every school fellow who didnt wear glasses?
qi k word boo 13
fun qi recording with jason manford, @trevornoah sandi toksvig - tried to show a nuclear chain reaction with pingpong balls and mousetraps
qi mystery k word 11
@johnsell1 look him up - he may be the absolute epitome of swivel-eyed loon!
@kitsorolla phew, thank goodness were not asking for marraige - whatever that may be. enjoy it 
there were are plenty of people "in the aggressive homosexual community who see this as but a stepping stone to something even further" ??
qi k series boo 9
huge celebrity/ncfc legends charity football match funds 4 @sportinglight tues may28th @norwichcityfc 
tickets
@bfdrenegade find a pair whore prepared to go the theatre when the division bells sounds?
norwich one up against man city - keep going you mighty yellow army #otbc #ncfc
@jrhodespianist see you there, toots - mines bloody mary if you get there first x
- these days. have the people a yelp run mad?
@porees when i did a brief stint of teaching the rule was you dont teach french/english/science or whatever, you teach people
@stephenfry: dambusters 70th anniversary 
flicitations seb bassong @bassongofficiel - norwich city player of the season. more at
did you txt with your toes for @abilitynet? txt look132 to 70070 and donate 2 to support disabled people #looknohands
the stephen fry app is in store! some preloaded broadcasts, i'll be live uploading from monday. android soon.
be part of #dambusters70 with a chance to command 617 squadron! enter and support charity partner @lcdisability at
oh @elvis717 - it was too good (or bad) to be true 
@mikebinderjokes mike!!! how are you? its been an age - trust youre keeping well?
@mic_hizzle sure am
and again -physics is not the most important thing, love is richard feynman - and yet his sense of science was love
@edballsmp tell it as it is, ed! #ncfc #otbc x
stephen, where is your brain? i was right first time - @prodnose etc this afternoon @sarapascoe etc this evening. #selfslap
oops, i gave you this evenings qi line up earlier. this afternoon its @sarapascoe @realdmitchell and @jackwhitehall (stop it at once)
qi k boo - seasonal word
qi k boo - seasonal word
@lordofdoughnuts one of them, were recording two
@amalialjcorbett why thank you!! you were a great audience x
we have @jimmycarr jo brand and debutant the magnificent @glinner at our qi recording tonight (not to mention @alandavies1) i said not to
@sleepycactus oh no, you're back!
@scabbyb wish i could. recording a qi. all my love tho. get my slacker nephew to come along - he's at sheffield uni x
@jcodfishpie i'm not sure what "giving a thumbs up to semis" means exactly.
oh my word. best.thing.ever. thank you @cmdr_hadfield congratulations on safe and uniquely shared mission
@mandelsplitterh er war sterreichischer, nicht wahr@?
uh oh - hitler reacts to sir alex ferguson's retirement
@theagentapsley well i was speaking for/patronising myself actually.
it's #worldlupusday. @lupusuk are highlighting the difficulty of getting diagnosed, watch here
@adamfromfearne they start with the holes and build the cheese round them
do consider voting for #equalmarriage -
@dannefransson thank you. how kind x
@kylegregory94 hmmm, okay then
hmq opening the hp today, courtesy of @beaujensen
@sueperkins in this case it has a nice ring, like "amor vincit omnia" love conquers all. tho it certainly wasn't love that conquered poland.
please check out
earth has not anything to show more fair wordsworth, lines composed on westminster bridge bet there was less traffic then
diverted on walk to work today. the mall closed and full of splendid colourful household cavalry, raf etc. rehearsing something. what?
@zaladdaze oh okay. white people are inferior, worthy of torture? or maybe theyre just free thinkers? fuck it!, lets nuke em
@zaladdaze good luck. i dont distinguish between race and religion. biggest islamic country indonesia - no racial connection to the gulf.
@sleepycactus: i made us a photo baby x @stephenfry
@fxlicity wow, thats pressure - and now i have to go to bed x
@joewalkerw1207 it is faintly alarming
@fertilisedegg fib!
@teledruggies gracious!
@glassvein v sorry - easy to miss tweets. dont be sad xxx
@tenacioustubbs as am i. but being a jew can allow one to be atheist, like marx, freud etc but still perfectly proud of ones identity
@teledruggies well, its not something one can prove easily
@thrashwang v hard to share love around. i love everyone!
@tomtyler12 what on earth has race to do with it? someones pointing a gun, could be any race. why would you even notice that?
several years ago we did the qi christmas special a week before easter - so this is quite late for us 
@simonheath1 sorry, must have missed the request. privacy? quite a good subject in our age 
is your asthma care falling short? im about to find out how mine rates. take the compare your care quiz at
@twittyodriscoll wow human beings arent part of nature. thats a new insight. overturns everything. or do you think were so superior?
@tibbetts74 dont think i ever will. but hate those millions of 3rd world ppl that sacrifice goats and chickens and all my ancestors too
and oscar, as ever, had the last word the unspeakable in pursuit of the uneatable
@m_reen so dont. just happy that they arent extinct like bears and wolves. largest wild mammal living free. i eat meat. hypocrite i admit
.@marcohilley absolutely not. hate hunting when talking to hunters, but defend it (kind of devils advocate) when talk to antis. conflicted!
look out world, youll soon be hearing from me. and it wont be pretty 
@barryhearn v kind barry but i am coming! will be there with my nephew for the afternoon session. hope to catch you.
oh lor. i suppose im rather naive about about all this. its all so distressing and dreadful whether true or not. id best say no more.
@alcjames that takes some feat of memory and rhythm!
@robswann1 giless in fact. like dickenss novels and keatss poems and st. jamess in london -
@quinnpiper its the season.
@larsorders or indeed wheres that cue ball going! 
@weewelshwitch and so you should be - what scalps hes claimed!
i am watching a strange piece of entertainment called john carter  am i right in thinking that this is something to do with boyenc?
nooooooooo!!!! #otbc #ncfc
@jlbduck ronnie every time, though i do admire judd trump
the always reliable manjoo on why lol is good (when not spoken, lol)
check out this project, featuring yours truly, and help make it happen rt
mcolleague @hughlaurieblues is streaming from abbey rd
help charity listening books win a nominet internet award, celebrating the internet as a force for good:
qi k word boo 5
how animals eat their food - you probably know this, but hell it's funny 
we have @sueperkins @realdmitchell @realrossnoble and of course @alandavies1 on qi this afternoon
so proud to be a small part of this:
home from qi in time to watch the rocket and the captain play out their match. no spoilers!! #snooker
lovely @ladygaga makes the mistake of borrowing my glasses 
@carlawehrle24 no! but turtle would rhyme with hurtle, spurtle (postage spoon) myrtle and several others.
@tonysimmsbk thanks for your hospitality and welcome xx
.@matthewbadham very very very very much
excellent to see that the potential of
very charmingly awarded gay broadcaster of the year at
southwark playhouse opening season @swkplay
happy anzac day, oh world
sometimes a moment can shape a life. twenty years ago @moonbearjill first walked onto a bear bile farm:
@colonelpanique oh crumbs!!
@colonelpanique you bought it!!???
@kittiwakes me too. they put their life on the line against poachers and its too humiliating for them to admit they were taken in :-(
the incredible things is that anyone believed him. the swine sold ivory detectors to kenyan rangers. identical
@neilonguitar what?? who was responsible for offering you seats. thats a disgrace. please let me know more
leave room for the holy spirit when you dance 
@notnixon haha! fair point ill believe you
@twatohendry i reserve 60% of everything i earn for tax
2 qi recordings today @isysuttie, @billbailey, @timminchin and (natch) @alandavies1 then jason manford, @sarahmillican75 + bill and alan again.
@underpantsontv @audioboo correct! (aside from the spelling, but i'll let that pass) #kaffeeklatsch
@sward88 aha! afternoon recording or evening?
right thats enough snooker. off to the studios for qi, series k, show 1/16. @jimmycarr @jeremyclarkson @billbailey and of course @alandavies1
marcellus wallace in the queue ahead of me - i hope he isn't going to get medieval on my ass
@jonnyblue1977 whence does exist "mean from where" but i meant "hence", you're right!
@catrionarobb it shouldnt be possible to miss a tweet. theyre all there in am individuals timeline x
from football to gay gay gay gay athens. life is so rich and varied !
@tyburn_cross haha! v funny
more bennetts at carrow road than in pride and prejudice: got them in a twist. 1st goal was ryan, 2nd elliott. 3rd will be lizzie, then jane
@annaduggan ri-i-i-ight. yes. ok. good.
rt @voicesprojectoz: 17 year old kim ho wrote/performs this beautiful monologue of a schoolboy coming out
@rebeccasarahh oh it wouldn't be that bad, surely?
@lizcoops well mine was half say between, new testament greek
churchlet dedicated to "dr george the inebriated" whose feast day is oct 3rd (not our st g) vendage day
@jhclaurie pheidippides ran from marathon to athens to report greek victory over the persians in 490bc - boston 1897ad &lt;&gt; 2,400 years diff
@byrontim the original marathon is was and ever shall be a town!
waking up to the emperor. what hangover? *toddles into bathroom*
@andybearz wh?  i have to deal with enough rc hate as it is! plus i can't abandon my beloved norwich...
@ruthiescookies_ not if you look at other replies to me. they vary, although there are a few 29s amongst them...
w00t!!!!! it thinks i'm 29!! *aeroplanes down syntagma square* wheeee!!!
@greekbiscuit why thank you, greek biscuit 
@ivyadelaide start again from the beginning! x
spot the london references
annex to the benaki museum - table designed by the artist gika. much collected by paddy leigh fermor
the last two, so disunited in opinion, were referring to this -
twitter #music now suggesting i might like @deadmau5 and @linkinpark 
@orphanchocolate and he does
harrison ford just won't answer star wars questions  hehe
rt @debilarge look into mountain meadows massacre. the 1st 9-11. mormons murdered my ancestors going w in 1857" yes heard about that
@smudgethesmifff hurrah!
.@djcolzey its kardamyli or  in the southern peloponnese 
@mrmike7409 ah, but that was before the days of hd and digital tv 
to honour the great linda smith a comedy gala on 12may for @targetovarian inc @jennyeclair and @jupitusphillip book now
ready
@redberzerker93 olympia, site of the first olympic games
zeus and ganymede. you asked for bigger cocks yesterday, you size-ists, well heres a big one for you.
@stephenscholey you mean youd just sit there and cry for joy. no present participle required
@lukasvlcek bit old for me - a few thousand years too old
let him die!!!
another view 
@georgekamaris i so agree !
excellent article from ian mckellen on thatcher and section 28
attested not arrested, stephen you hopeless gibbon!
back in the land of recharging 
incredibly simple, incredibly cheap, incredibly good.
the sphinx certainly reminds me of someone, just can't think exactly who
the omphalos, the navelstone of the world. i am at the centre the very centre of it all, muahaha
halfway to delphi - what shall i ask the oracle?
.@ulyssean my pleasure! good to see you too
yay! the acropolis where the parthenon is. you know what they say of that
@daverowbottom88 huh? its only one of the greatest things ever written. have aliens landed and stolen humanitys irony glands today?
oh dear. oh dear oh dear. oh dear oh dear oh dear. sob sob sob. so entirely distressing. #ncfc @alandavies1 very graceful in victory
@lastolze damn - theres always something .
putting on my luckiest pants and most propitious socks ahead of my trip to the emirates stadium today #otbc #ncfc der sieg wird unser sein
@thanksdan i know what you mean!!!
@oliverwilk oh so sorry to miss you. wont ever forget that time on the isle man with julie andrews et al  hope youre well x
@johnhenrywalsh kevin mcnally? st james? blame the subeditor
wow! #quasimodo! what an experience - congratulations and thanks to @mrsteviewebb and a wonderful cast
@dannyboy899 surely that cant be true?
@laura_lishious if you can ask that, you clearly havent understood evolution. the apes we evolved from no longer exist. theyre us.
good old @mental_floss
mrs t refusing to jump on swedish tv. says more about her than the 10,000 hours we've already heard.
@alexbuchanan3 i was literally in a helicopter, as witness the photo i tweeted!
@knighttcreation if i only reply to positive tweets ppl think i like sycophants. i attempt to put a rude person right and in trouble for that!
was in the air when the news came in about margaret thatcher. such a force in britain through my university days through to my 30s.
i want it understood that i am neither welsh nor kiwi. aware that remark is beneath me. but then so is grace
a shot of grace the lamb, doris and me
my friend greg ellis (pirates of the caribbean etc) doing a triathlon -
come on norrers! #otbc #ncfc
@loganwrites91 your tweet
@electronic_pimp indeed you can - fabulous experience
well i suppose old ro-bags will be pleased to be one up on bond
something to cheer you up. the 30 happiest facts
@fibrofog_girl oh you poor thing. pain is horrid and unfair. have a hug *hug*
just been on the trading floor of the london metal exchange. insane!!! like a bear pit or cockfight. so intense and theatrical. wow.
well mcolleagues fabulous new album is out. talented bastard 
supremely wow (via @jrhodespianist)
@davewvero53 probably - cuz!
the strange thing is they're not that low at all
so devastated by tje sad sad news about iain banks - he and iain m. banks, his sci-fi alter ego, two of my favourite living writers.
@mskaizer gieves and hawkes. oops. shouldve tucked my short in tho!
#nowplaying wesendonck-lieder: trume by kirsten flagstad on #spotify 
what does autism mean to you? tell @ambitiousautism using #autismis today for #waad and tweet a photo too!
@mattympalmer damn, youre good
someone put a gherkin in the way couldn't get it all in because the sun was blazing straight at me
since landing back in britain i think ive slept nearly 30 hours 
it doesnt matter how many times i see it, it still makes me shiver. aaron sorkin - what a writer.
@snowman_roberts lax airport usa
@stuartbales er,no, twitter is 140 characters tho so - um  huh?
.@london_calling_ theyre not being informative. it could be illness it could be a drunken air-rage tit. sorrow if the first, natch.
@valerie_morris oh damn - missed the chance. if i see him in the cabin ill say hi!
@aclayden if you look at my timeline youll see i was blown away by the excellent scholarly refutation 7 or 8 tweets later
good nap. ready for the rigours of the evening. scotty bowers and then the wicked enchantment of tigerheat.
developers and tutors have been working on apps to improve the nations maths skills. vote for your favourite
hmm 12:45 am havent filmed yet. happy reading scotty bowerss full service in my trailer. eye-popping. meeting him tomorrow night in fact
@woodsy870 makng a pilot for cbs. sitting in my trailer now waiting which is how it works!
grabbing a bite at my hotel and who should i bump into but the heroic @stuartbroad8 - an epic hero in so many places, not la. the uss loss
@natural20: on easter, i implore you to read @cavalorns work here -
@brain_opera thats a pleasure. youre welcome to use it. i do hope people arent too mean at you in springing to my defence. sorry if so x
rt @russmilleruk:
.@churmie @bbc no - first i heard of it was an hour ago
@joanpotter333 sheesh! how many don't i have lost count. including, godchildren, the brethren of the world it so adds up.
@cultures no, i meant there was a long queue to wait for the app...
got a question about the syria crisis? ask @decappeal experts in a live #decsyria qanda 9.30am on thursday:
.@earthandnature no no. dont ever read it, thats the secret to a happy life. its like opening used lavatory paper. you dont need that
@irisboxpix what. a. treasure!
@jorekai but dont forget this
@frysdelight b best of - and a dozen hugs xxx
@mastahsensei87 that's attacking cricket. they did everything they could - got to admire both teams
@chrismaslanka i thought of you when i was in mumbai. 5.5 hours ahead of gmt. to tell the time you look at watch upside down. magical.
@jeandron in europe, time of death + 70 years. doyle died in 1930.in the us it's life of the author + 70 years i believe
@avenidamk i know! just heard. especially thrilled for ghiv (paul) x
@richardcobourne oooh, quiver. have you actually read the piece?
"two is company, four is a party, three is a crowd.  one is a wanderer."
@keridwyn we have some features within our app that might interest you! send us an email at support at goodreads dot com for more info. :)
@rennelindberg can you email us at support at goodreads dot com from the email address we're sending emails to so we can help you? thanks!
@mrd8202 how about some of these?
@michellehiggs11 you can set up giveaways for any book, as long as you are the author, publisher, or their representative!
tgif! what are you looking forward to reading this weekend? #weekendgoodreads
@julinaclare we love you too!
@spcolibrarydist sure thing! and thank you! we &lt;3 libraries!
@tthingsilearned that's what we call looking for love in all the right places!
@amamgonzales our enthusiastic pat on the back, and some more book recommendations for next year? :)
@awdubreuil ha! while we're enthusiastic about our choice award winners, this is the funniest response we've seen from runner-up supporters.
@amamgonzales we don't believe that for a minute! :) congrats on all the hard work!
@anniea89 is this still an issue for you? we shouldn't be down but we'd be happy to look into it: support at goodreads dot com
@goddesslibrn not if your blog page is a fan page but if it operates as a separate account, yes! email support at goodreads dot com for help
@vforvilde thanks! very likely more to come. :)
@sydneiila the important part is: are you still enjoying reading? we sure hope so!
@cuddlebuggery sounds like a bugcould you email us at support at goodreads dot com? we'd be happy to look into it.
@embuonsignore just figure: the sooner the paper is done, the sooner you can get back to reading and finding new books! :) good luck!
@brianr pro-tip: name an entire shelf "wishlist" and make sure your profile is visible to non-members so all your friends can see it! :)
@lyndakelly could you email support at goodreads dot com about this one? we may need a little more information.
@overdrivelibs @lizannep @arlingtonvalib email support at goodreads dot com for help setting it up! :)
@jenabriars you can do it!
@prairiebean we are definitely working on improving search but it will be a long process :/ sorry!
@zuberino all set!
"it's only those who do nothing that make no mistakes, i suppose."
we think books make the best gifts! @popsugarent provides recommendations for 62 personality types here
@worldofjoel you can do it!
@nsyncfan1978 it would be "tearin' up my heart" if you didn't finish your reading challengeyou can do it! :)
@socratminsk not all applications are accepted but please email support at goodreads dot com if you'd like to check on your individual...
@eisparklz congrats!
"kindred spirits are not so scarce as i used to think.  it's splendid to find out there are so man..."
@tiana_smith you can turn off recommendations for any shelf; just uncheck the box in "edit bookshelves"!
@cynthialanel we have nothing to announce now about old paperwhites, but amazon has a long history of bringing updates to older devices.
"everyone you will ever meet knows something you don't."
@horan_around there are still 36 days left! you can do it!
@tracytegan ugh, sorry about alice. she gets loose sometimes; hopefully that didn't last long!
@thebookmusings you can do it!
@greenjimll thanks!
counting down! we're in the final hours of the 2013 #goodreadschoice awards:
@terrijane boom indeed!
@ktheena can you email us at support at goodreads dot com so we can troubleshoot with you? sorry about that!
last chance to vote! #goodreadschoice polls close at midnight pt!
@paaat092 you can do it!
@jolien_dl we admire your priorities :)
@d4l14h can you email us at support at goodreads dot com with as much information as possible? we'd like to troubleshoot.
@doc_megz_to_be that would be so neat! let us know if you find (or make!) one.
who are you rooting for in ya fiction?
@ajhintz we have nothing to announce now about old paperwhites, but amazon has a long history of bringing updates to older devices.
@jbdavis98 we have nothing to announce now about old paperwhites, but amazon has a long history of bringing updates to older devices.
@aidje we have nothing to announce at this time about old paperwhites, but amazon has a long history of bringing updates to older devices.
@gennawrites feel free to email support at goodreads dot com for assistance changing your twitter posting settings!
@bsitko we have nothing to announce at this time about old paperwhites, but amazon has a long history of bringing updates to older devices.
editors at @newsweek look at top reviews for our #goodreadschoice finalists in best nonfiction! check it out:
"easy reading is damn hard writing" -  @drmayaangelou speaking after being honored at @nationalbook awards
watch the latest goodreads ya interview, with legend author marie lu! she talks love scenes and says hi to a fan!
@alysbcohen the books published in dec. '13 will count for next year's choice awards!
@dannie_0813 you do have to have an account to vote but it doesn't have to be linked to your twitter account! email and fb are also options.
@katbroon do you own the book? what's the correct page count? our librarians would be happy to help!
@ohiomommy23 do you have a new kindle hdx? you can get the new update here!
goodreads is now available on the new kindle paperwhite! take a tour:
@sarargallardo you can choose which genres and shelves to receive recs for in your shelf settingsemail support at goodreads dot com for help
@marisabaratta re-reading is a feature we hope to add in future; for now, shelve a different edition of the book for a new challenge entry!
introducing goodreads on the new kindle fires!
"if i'm sincere today, what does it matter if i regret it tomorrow?"
"i believe in the power of the imagination to remake the world, to release the truth within us, to..."
@musingbookworm could you email support at goodreads dot com so we can take a closer look?
looking for book recs?  our updated goodreads for ios app now has them. warning - it's addictive!
book recommendations now available in our new ios app - warning, they're addictive!
khaled hosseini, author of the kite runner, has joined goodreads! become a fan: 
"i am interested in language because it wounds or seduces me."
"and i asked myself about the present: how wide it was, how deep it was, how much was mine to keep."
@whoffs wow, thanks!
"somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known."
it's friday! what will you be reading this weekend? #weekendgoodreads
"we are stardust, we are golden and we've got to get ourselves back to the garden."
who are you rooting for in the #goodreadschoice awards? vote now in the opening round to support your favorites:
@topherjaynes we're working on adding it soon! sorry about that.
more than a quarter million votes so far and it's only day 1 of the 2013 #goodreadschoice awards!
@nharkins thanks for the feedback!
@ohhelloleah we fail to see the downfall :)
the polls are open! announcing the nominees for the 2013 #goodreadschoice awards! choose the best books of the year:
@dannylore sorry you're having trouble with this! could you email support at goodreads dot com? they'll be happy to sort it for you.
@wolftales let us know at support at goodreads dot com if there's anything we can help with!
@notperfume thanks! we're glad you're here.
@manarmohsen can you send details to support@goodreads.com (w screenshot if poss) and we'll see if we can figure this out
good news: reading on electronic devices on planes will be allowed "in all stages of flight"
@garconmeansboy the best way to mark a book you're re-reading is to review a different edition; here's how:
"by the pricking of my thumbs, / something wicked this way comes."
double, double toil and trouble! what are the best books about witches? jeanette winterson shares her top five:
@pooliemayhem72 that sounds like a great story. have you considered joining the author program?
@volchitza_ aw, we're sorry to hear you don't like it! please feel free to send any specific suggestions for improvements our way.
"the apparition of these faces in the crowd; / petals on a wet black bough."
"to me the purpose of art is to produce something alive...but with a separate, and of course one h..."
@qnrisawesome hm, that doesn't sound right! (we know our members can read tons of books at a time.) are the books gone from all shelves?
@danshu83 we don't support this functionality yet, but would like support something similar in the future - stay tuned!
watch our video interview with best-selling young adult author meg rosoff, who's nominated for a nat'l book award!
@anamalagon this is something we'd like to add in the future - stay tuned!
"happiness is an accident of nature, a beautiful and flawless aberration."
liane moriarty, author of what alice forgot, has joined goodreads! become a fan: 
the uk publishes the most books per capita in the world: 2,450/year for every 1 million residents! what's your favorite book by a brit?
"what's terrible is to pretend that second-rate is first-rate. to pretend that you don't need love..."
@adamomelianchuk we're so sorry about that! we're hoping to update the widget and improve its functionality soon.
@studiokd3 thanks for letting us know! we'll look into this and let you know what we find. sorry for the trouble :(
@lily_actually yes - you can definitely review multiple editions! see here:
@rsplenda477 we'd be happy to investigate this for you! would you mind emailing support at goodreads dot com?
"love doesn't just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, ma..."
@mtantawy so sorry about that! can you email us at support at goodreads dot com? we'd be happy to investigate.
congrats to winners "catch 22 to fillmore," at last night's goodreads litquiz @litquake!
all set for the goodreads litquiz tonight at the make-out room
@savannahnorway1 support at goodreads dot com :)
@alanpca oh no - can you email support at goodreads dot com? we'd be happy to investigate!
@shaiunfiltered we had to remove the widget while we do some maintenance. sorry about that!
@stateofego we're so sorry about that! we can definitely look into this for you - would you mind emailing support at goodreads dot com?
@mullsork thanks for letting us know! we're looking into this now. email support at goodreads dot com for updates.
@whoffs unfortunately, we don't support this functionality yet. as a workaround, export and sort by shelf?
@xitty we're so sorry about that! we're working on this issue now - email support at goodreads dot com for updates.
@nosoup4i we're investigating this now - please email support at goodreads dot com for updates!
"charm is the ability to make someone else think that both of you are pretty wonderful."
"it's actually very difficult to make something both simple and good."
congratulations to alice munro, winner of the nobel prize for literature! which of her stories is your favorite?
@myshelfandi @aprilynnepike you're welcome to email support at goodreads dot com for these fixes. our experts can help out!
@mrtoolan we'd like to look into this for you! would you mind emailing support at goodreads dot com?
"the underground of the city is like what's underground in people. beneath the surface, it's boili..."
@kendropolis we do! if you have an android phone or iphone, this feature is included in our app.
@gizmosreviews we're always improving our giveaway algorithm to make it more fair, so we'll definitely take your feedback into account!
@ashburch this is a great suggestion, and we're hoping to add this functionality to the app soon!
"social will create one of the biggest changes in publishing in next 5 years" otis chandler #publaunch #fbm13
goodreads gets more than 40 million unique visitors monthly #publaunch #fbm13
"a well-composed book is a magic carpet on which we are wafted to a world that we cannot enter in ..."
don't miss our interview with jhumpa lahiri for her new novel, the lowland!
"champagne, if you are seeking the truth, is better than a lie detector."
@lebarrichello we're looking into this for you now!
@sambwmn it's unlikely that we'll add half-stars anytime soon. see here for more info:
@lbutterfly can you send us some more specifics to support at goodreads dot com? we'd like to investigate this further!
"poetry is a way of looking at the world for the first time."
it's friday! what will you be reading this weekend? #weekendgoodreads
"many people, myself among them, feel better at the mere sight of a book."
goodreads is coming to the new kindle fires
@laurahunsaker is this for highland destiny? we just refreshed the rating stats. if that didn't help, please email support at goodreads!
"someday we'll find it / the rainbow connection / the lovers, the dreamers, and me"
@livesimpleread aw, we're sorry about that! have you tried rating more books or checking out goodreads voice?
"love can make even nice people do awful things."
@curvy_jones sounds good! we'll cross our fingers.
@jessparizek good news: we have this option! it's under "newsletters and other mail" here:
ever wondered why libraries all have the same kind of smell? here's the science:
do you seek the grail? what are the best books about the quest for the holy grail? @nelsondemille offers his top 5:
@entropyalarm we're so sorry about that! it doesn't look like we received your application - would you mind trying again?
"it's a strange courage / you give me ancient star: / shine alone in the sunrise / toward which yo..."
@sheisannoyed would it be possible for you to email us at support at goodreads dot com? we'd like to look into this for you!
@love2read4fun this is something that we'd love to add to the app in the future - thanks for the feedback!
@dangerousdolly we unfortunately don't offer this yet. if you need to set up an alternate login, please email support at goodreads dot com!
"sweet words are like honey, a little may refresh, but too much gluts the stomach."
today only! author diane mott davidson is answering questions from goodreads members. join here:
@akoma0224 please note that we cannot upload images that we do not have the copyright for. 
"she had always wanted words, she loved them; grew up on them. words gave her clarity, brought rea..."
@tellmealilstory goodreads is completely free to use! you can add your writing here:
@inurlibrary we can look into this for you! would you mind emailing us details at support at goodreads dot com?
@texasauboston so sorry - it doesn't look like we received your email. would you mind resending?
@spacekidsbooks that's a great suggestion - so sorry if it took you by surprise. we'll pass your feedback along.
@ibzyo check out
@tkrimms yep! just visit the main giveaways page and click "giveaways you've entered" on the top right.
@jakeogh have you thought about becoming a goodreads librarian?
@kahlay are you still having trouble? email us at support at goodreads dot com if so!
@jenna_goodall thanks for letting us know! it should be fixed now - are you still seeing the alert?
@halgershowitz please email us at support at goodreads dot com - we would be happy to help out!
"all happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way."
@booksquare @tinaburns so sorry about this!! we can definitely straighten this out - can you email us at support at goodreads dot com?
@thelazyw that's a great suggestion! in the meantime, you could add another shelf to indicate this ("already-purchased"?).
it's friday! what will you be reading this weekend? #weekendgoodreads
@amanda_nan so sorry for the delay! are you still having trouble accessing the site?
@adinmcr we should have more updates soon - stay tuned!
@sarahmanderson1 we'd be happy to help - email us at support at goodreads dot com! or post in the librarians group:
@lucacicca we should have more updates soon - stay tuned!
"never tire yourself more than necessary, even if you have to found a culture on the fatigue of yo..."
"no book can be appreciated until it has been slept with and dreamed over."
"keep on truckin"
"there is no past or future. using tenses to divide time is like making chalk marks on water."
diane mott davidson, author of catering to nobody, has joined goodreads! become a fan: 
@tastelifetwice can you link us to your book? we'd be happy to help at support at goodreads dot com!
@kateameliajudd are you using internet explorer 8? we're having some javascript issues in ie right now. help: support at goodreads dot com
"am i alive and a reality, or am i but a dream?"
@bustylarue ah, good catch! we don't have that box on the app. instead, change your default settings here:
@mayakarp can you send us screenshots at support at goodreads dot com? we'd love to investigate further.
@topherjaynes so sorry about that! all of your facebook settings can be found here:
we're talking live with author @jamieford about writing and books. ask your question now:
"no matter what he does, every person on earth plays a central role in the history of the world. a..."
@bwcorbett we can definitely consider adding sorting to the mobile app. a windows phone app is unlikely to happen soon, though :(
@katrinajames we'd suggest checking out
@twilightsleepya @insomniabooks @leighannkopans @cuddlebuggery aww, we're still here! tweet us, email us, or post:
@mllehazelwood this is (unfortunately) normal. if you'd like them to display in order, we'd suggest moving one of the "date read"s up a day.
@soyfelipe sounds like you need your own exclusive shelf:
do good with goodreads: join us this month in supporting @edeyofoundation! learn more about their work in haiti:
@shgmclicious that sounds like a bug! can you send us a screenshot at support at goodreads dot com?
@martinlake14 no problem! let us know if we can help out with anything else at support at goodreads dot com.
master of westerns and the modern crime novel--elmore leonard will be missed. we were honored to interview him in 2009:
@txjessibee we can help out! email us at support at goodreads dot com.
@marchswift so sorry about that. we'll revisit this with the team.
@andrea6_36 we can look into this for you - would you mind emailing support at goodreads dot com?
@briaquinlan much appreciated! we'll pass it along :)
@martinlake14 @thereselallen we got this one!
"children aren't happy with nothing to ignore, / and that's what parents were created for."
@raghdakamal we can help! please email us at support at goodreads dot com.
@ind_96 send an email to support at goodreads dot com - we can help you access your account!
it's friday! what will you be reading this weekend? #weekendgoodreads
@bethxness glad to hear it! let us know if you run into any trouble.
@daly_beauty sounds like you might have a previous authentication token on your account. can you email us (support at goodreads dot com)?
"life, a good life, a great life is about "why not?" may we never forget it."
we will be down for maintenance starting at 9 pm pst (thirty minutes from now). apologies for any inconvenience! downtime will be ~2.5...
@qsha9 try our faq:
author michael j. sullivan is answering questions about the riyria chronicles today only! ask a question here:
@sandromancuso we're working on any possible integrations - stay tuned!
@seleemnjeim this is a feature that we would love to add in the future! we'll definitely pass along your feedback.
@hanneke73 our librarians would be happy to help out!
@hrmcglothin are you still having trouble? email us at support at goodreads dot com if so!
@songs_n_socks it sounds like your file might be too big. we can help if you email us at support at goodreads dot com.
cover reveal for the the spook's 13 by joseph delaney on august 14! and there's more:
@anturner0610 great! so glad that you were able to get back on the site.
@madhavianant please flag any spam messages to let us know about them.
@nataliasylv authors can be your friend too :)
@sarahsblah09 check out the event search page!
@libraryfanatic we'd be happy to help out with any widget issues - send us an email at support at goodreads dot com!
thanks for your patience, everyone. our maintenance is over, and the site is back up.
@frankfujimoto thanks for the feedback! we'll pass it along to our ios development team.
@aprilhauckpmp we're working on any possible integrations - stay tuned!
@appifanie oh no! we might not have received your email - would you mind resending to support at goodreads dot com?
nassim nicholas taleb, author of the black swan: the impact of the highly improbable, has joined goodreads! become...
@nancy_kelley if you visit another edition of the book, you should see this option. that will add a new review:
@helencarpanini check out
@davidreeve8 check out the author program, giveaways, and our self-serve ad options!
@isayerss try disconnecting and reconnecting your account here:
@stevevictor send us an email at support at goodreads dot com so we can get you up and running again!
@kimcarruk check out our featured groups for some ideas!
joseph delaney, author of revenge of the witch, has joined goodreads! become a fan: 
@pummer thanks for the feedback! we'll pass along to our design team.
@mchronister we're hoping to add this soon!
it's friday! what will you be reading this weekend? #weekendgoodreads
@khal_khaleesi sorry you haven't been winning lately! we don't blacklist people from giveaways - try again?
@leeswammes @parajunkee @_ciska_ we're so sorry! back up and running :)
"it is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation."
@kieramae we don't store your information on your device (just on the servers), so unfortunately not yet :( great suggestion though!
@silverlininge that's fine, but please make sure that most of your review content is on goodreads! just a link to a blog breaks our rules.
"i wish i were a girl again, half-savage and hardy, and free."
@ostensiblya thanks for the feedback! we'll pass it on to the team - seems like we can consider better ways to handle this.
@aylishliane if you set your email address as visible to "no one," it won't be visible in friend requests:
@staciaseaman @fibrobabe @heidicullinan book links are customizable for every user, so librarians can't change:
@tkrimms if you're browsing a book's page, you can see all of the members who have shelved it!
@barbaraquinte12 if you'd like to publicize a book, check out our author program:
"gossip is never fatal until it is denied."
"the meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any ..."
join us today for a chat with author will schwalbe, author of the end of your life book club
exclusive: j.k. rowling on how she crafts gritty, realistic characters
@mandikaye we have a dedicated algorithm to sort reviews that takes various factors into account (likes, comments, and so on).
@ofabookworm are you still having trouble? send us an email at support at goodreads dot com.
"the world is a story we tell ourselves about the world."
goodreads now has 20 million members!
looking for a good book for vacation? check the summer books that goodreads members are loving @ew
@nancy_spinner sounds like you need to create your own exclusive "abandoned" shelf:
@geekydiorgirl are you still having issues? if so, can you send details to support at goodreads dot com?
@curator_tedxcu oh no! please send an email to support at goodreads dot com.
@uraniumslug try clearing your cache and signing in again. email us at support at goodreads dot com if you still have issues.
@bookbinge if you're having trouble signing in, please email us at support at goodreads dot com! we'd be happy to straighten this out for...
@naileymabob we're sorry to hear it! click the small, gray "flag" link on the bottom right hand side of the comment.
today only! ny times bestselling author @bethharbison answers your questions. join here:
@happyone52000 @iforgot2tellya alice's specialty is not maintenance. we'll tweet once we're back!
@reads2much89 we'll be back up in less than half an hour!
@cannfrisky we're down for planned maintenance from 10 pm pst until ~11. sorry for any inconvenience!
@missusdoublea we will be back asap! :)
@janicu that doesn't sound good! can you send screenshots to support at goodreads dot com?
@clarabrooks93 sorry about that! we can't always offer to all of the countries that we would like to :(
@thereselallen we haven't perfected our ebook giveaway interface just yet. stay tuned!
"a smile is a curve that sets everything straight."
"in this world, there is a kind of painful progress. longing for what we've left behind, and dream..."
this is happening: july 17 cover reveal for lauren oliver's new book, panic. see it here first!
"maybe we are all cabinets of wonders."
@jackieromyn yay! we hope you get it soon :)
"nobody gets everything in this life. you decide your priorities and you make your choices. i'd de..."
@wirehead2501 can you send us an email? we'd love to continue investigating! might be easier to do so in &gt;140 characters.
@jennydigisils we'd love to see some of those :)
@gabriellesarap the librarians group is a great resource!
greg behrendt, author of he's just not that into you: the no-excuses truth to understanding guys, has joined goodr...
@wirehead2501 twitter settings aren't that advanced yet (
@reganjonesrd that's a great suggestion! we'll definitely consider this as we continue to improve the app.
@anitalovesbooks @livesimpledread sounds like you need to make your "abandoned" shelf exclusive.
guess what % of goodreads members always finish a book, no matter what? 
@quillman sorry about that! we're working on improving search to fix this exact issue. stay tuned.
@eleanorford oof - flag these messages so we can look into them!
@3tomatoesshort unfortunately not - but you can create a secret group if you'd like to!
@sherisavill just found it! we'll make sure to get back to you asap.
"when i was about eight, i decided that the most wonderful thing, next to a human being, was a book."
"you see things; you say, 'why?' but i dream things that never were; and i say 'why not?"
don't miss our interview with curtis sittenfeld, author of prep and sisterland!
@tao23 we'd be happy to investigate! email support at goodreads dot com.
@mrlyricist312 we are now owned by amazon! great features ahead.
@cat_sadiablo how many do you have? send an email to support at goodreads dot com and we'll check it out for you.
we're past the halfway mark for the year! are you halfway done with your 2013 reading challenge?
j. courtney sullivan, author of maine, has joined goodreads! become a fan: 
"with enough courage, you can do without a reputation."
@bwithbooks @girlandherbooks great suggestion! we'll pass it along.
@ttttterry so sorry about that! we identified this bug and have a fix in code review. should be out soon.
@beyondbrickwall try adding a different edition of the book and setting the "date read" to 2013.
@katiebabs we are looking into this. thank you for letting us know.
jerry b. jenkins, author of soon: the beginning of the end, has joined goodreads! become a fan: 
elin hilderbrand, author of barefoot, has joined goodreads! become a fan: 
@ledaofthepack can you email us at support at goodreads dot com so we can look into this for you?
@plasticrosaries are you looking at your reading challenge? do all of your books have a "date read" set for 2013?
@ruthclueless you can always add multiple books to your "currently-reading" shelf :)
@sephann we can straighten this out for you! email us at support at goodreads dot com.
tomorrow: a special discussion with bestselling author @sarahdessen! ask a question today:
"everything is possible. the impossible just takes longer."
"it was always the view of my parents...that hot weather encouraged loose morals among young people."
@hoboacademic you can create your own custom shelf for this!
@tainomangu this is a great suggestion, and we're considering it! thanks for the feedback.
@cstricklin you don't have to scan! you can search by title, author, or isbn, and then add to your shelves that way.
@bekkijc shelf names that are more than one word actually have to be hyphenated (or use some other character, like _). sorry about that!
@unctuousstygian this should be working! send us an email at support at goodreads dot com if you're still having trouble.
@jrainey36 to sign up for a goodreads account, you must be at least 13 years old.
@danicollinsbook send it to support at goodreads dot com.
@nukeswifey if you're having trouble with facebook connect, send us an email at support at goodreads dot com so we can investigate.
@daniellecesena if you're having trouble with facebook connect, send us an email at support at goodreads dot com so we can investigate.
@raynemillaray sorry about that! we're hoping to add it soon. in the meantime, email us at support at goodreads dot com to set up a login.
@gnd_fashion we're working on integrations - stay tuned!
@freezingkiss videos and advertisements shouldn't be autoplaying with sound. if you see these, can you email support at goodreads dot com?
@mariosundar we're working on any integrations between goodreads and amazon. stay tuned!
today only! author s.e. hinton is answering your questions - join the discussion here:
@jrainey36 unfortunately, we don't have a blackberry 9 app. but we do have ios and android if you have one of those devices.
@christina2227 we do - choose your top friends wisely! :)
@topdeck you should be able to! here's how:
@lew_jeffrey we're working on any integration. stay tuned!
it's friday! what will you be reading this weekend? #weekendgoodreads
young adult readers, don't miss the june movers and shakers, hot off the presses of our new ya newsletter!
@nosegraze thanks! much appreciated.
@bernadettejiwa please email us at support at goodreads dot com with any inquiries.
@starmile83 have you added the provo library to your book links?
@blakeshall we can't reproduce these issues - can you send screenshots to support at goodreads dot com so we can investigate?
byow!  rt @annebot: watch out oprah, goodreads is forming virtual book clubs! however, there's no wine or cheese... #glimpseconf
"i want to go about like the light-footed goats."
@nosegraze would it be possible for you to post in the developers group with more detail?
@fionammarsden ads that autoplay aren't allowed. can you email us the details at support at goodreads dot com?
@deadtossedwaves sorry about that! try clicking "unlink twitter account" instead, and then reconnect your account.
in case you missed our live chat with emily giffin this morning, you can still watch the recording:
@nosegraze this is actually expected behavior for the api. see more here:
@myquay the limit is per developer key.
@ladyknightanka good suggestion - we'll pass this one along! sorry if you were inadvertently spoiled :(
@used_songs so sorry about that. you are of course welcome to opt out of any type of email you don't wish to receive.
@reading_camp check out listopia book clubs lists:
@sashaboersma shelves are personal, but lists are for the community. see more here:
author interview: khaled hosseini talks with goodreads about his new novel!
"oh, i have slipped the surly bonds of earth, / and danced the skies on laughter-silvered wings"
@vinson_hall open positions are here:
@thepearlady so sorry about that! it's rough to lose a review - we're sorry :(
"i read a book one day and my whole life was changed."
authors! if you have a question for us, ask it in our office hours thread and we'll answer it:
@trev_l we're looking into some javascript errors now. so sorry for the inconvenience! (if you're using firefox, try another browser today.)
@leavittnovelist try clearing your cache and signing out of facebook. email us at support at goodreads dot com if the problem persists!
@dshingy we should be up and running! if you're having a specific problem, please email support at goodreads dot com.
@katemarietm that's a great suggestion - we'll pass it to the android team!
@jahardy glad to hear it!
how many pages do you read before giving up on a book? any unfinished book guilt?
@brumnordie are you using internet explorer? if so, we were able to fix this earlier today. sorry for the inconvenience!
@leelee315 @robotmeile we should be back up! if not, send an email to support at goodreads dot com.
tomorrow: join us for a live video chat with susan cain. we're talking about her bestseller quiet:
@mikelwdawson from your dashboard, click "add the author widget" on the right-hand side. email support at goodreads dot com for more help.
@lvngbooks we should be up - are you still experiencing issues?
"i'm not interested in money, i just want to be wonderful."
.@belleandre has just discovered she can show @goodreads reviews on her site (andcan choose which ones to show) #upublishu #bea13
@bellaandre vowing to blog more frequently on her @goodreads author page to connect with her readers #upublishu #bea13
@fur_elizze we can definitely look into this - would you mind sending screenshots to support at goodreads dot com?
@shanya_papaya we've got lots of recommendations for you!
it's friday! what will you be reading this weekend? #weekendgoodreads
@asshulz we just fixed the search bug from this weekend. so sorry for any inconvenience!
"make me immortal with a kiss."
"the bravest people are the ones who dont mind looking like cowards."
@farkhanda70 we aren't linked to audible, but you can search for and read reviews of audiobooks on goodreads!
@goodreads members shared 1 million quotes in april 2013 #digitalbook13
today only! post your questions for dean king, author of the feud and skeletons on the sahara:
@markwonderful please send us an email at support at goodreads dot com so we can explain in more than 140 characters :)
@fionammarsden ah, thanks for the screenshot! is it possible for you to click and get the url that it goes to so we can track it down?
@markwonderful this is in your activity log. go to goodreads or books and choose the pencil "edit" button on the top right-hand side.
@iriaml that's a great suggestion - we'll consider it for future versions of the app.
@triciuhhh can you send us a screenshot to support at goodreads dot com so our ios team can take a look?
@emma_silver send us an email at support at goodreads dot com, and we'll get it straightened out for you!
@datsjon13 not yet, but we're working on it! if you can get a csv of your wishlist, you can import here:...
"and what did you want? to call myself beloved, to feel myself beloved on the earth."
@bookbinge were you able to log in? try clearing your cache and logging in again if that doesn't work.
@cheekysu we don't offer this yet, but that's a great idea! we'll consider this for future twitter improvements.
"hooray! hooray!  the end of the world has been postponed! "
@wood_jl we're back! sorry for the delay.
@nickyyno are you still having trouble? shoot us an email if so!
do good with goodreads: join us this month in supporting the national braille press! learn more:
@emjarvis sorry about that! you can customize all future genre newsletter preferences here:
@beingserenastar are you logged in to your goodreads author account? you should be able to edit if so!
@goldcaro flag any spam you receive! if you'd like to block a user, scroll to the bottom of their profile and look for "block this member."
@kontinent sorry about that! feel free to opt out here:
"the thing that makes you exceptional, if you are at all, is inevitably that which must also make ..."
some amazing authors you'll find in our debut ya newsletter: @mstohl 
@loversdiction @andreacremer @sarahockler
@javadavis flag the messages or comments and we'll take care of it.
it's friday! what will you be reading this weekend? #weekendgoodreads
@cay_anchor it's still available here!
join us shortly for a live video chat with cheryl strayed, author of wild:
@aluncwilliams are you reading a different edition of the book? try clicking the "other editions" header on the top right of the book page.
anchee min, author of the new memoir the cooked seed, shares her favorite immigrant stories:
@jaimearkin we have a fix ready to go. we'll post about it when it goes live. sorry about that!
@sndrspk sounds like you have auto-friending turned on. you can turn it off here:
@jaimearkin sorry about that! are you still having trouble with it today?
"if you obey all of the rules, you miss all of the fun."
@demetartan check out
@accepting_me we agree. we're working on improving our search functionality, so stay tuned.
it's friday! what will you be reading this weekend? #weekendgoodreads
audrey niffenegger (time traveler's wife) chats with goodreads about her new book and world premiere ballet raven girl!
joe hill shares his top 5 favorite horror villains! what other monsters would you add to his ghoulish list?
@angelajames we don't have any current plans to implement something like this, but we can certainly consider it! thanks for the feedback.
fan of historical suspense? join our panel discussion for this thursday!
@ohheyyitstay we only have some ebooks available to read. you can see them here:
@bwithbooks if you see spam, flag it to bring it to our attention!
@littlegraciela if you're having trouble, send us an email at support at goodreads dot com.
@meleadixon we're looking into this now. sorry for the inconvenience!
@chickydoodle88 nope! if you sign in with the same account (email/facebook), then all of your information will be safely saved.
in just a few minutes, we'll be chatting live with debbie macomber. t. join the discussion!
"writing books is the closest men ever come to childbearing."
@johnlbevan not at the moment, but that's an interesting suggestion!
@tonishadows sorry about that! we haven't forgotten you - we just get a lot of requests. i'll make sure we get to your email today.
sookie stackhouse fans. what are your thoughts on this?
@hadley0clarke if you're still missing it, email us at support at goodreads dot com and we'll look into it for you.
@pierce_jenn did you change the setting on your apps tab (
maryjanice davidson, author of undead and unwed, has joined goodreads! become a fan: 
@ashleyblank go to
@himupnorth any metadata issues can be resolved in the librarians group:
celebrate short story month - joint story by @margaretatwood @egangoonsquad and @robinsloan and 12 others
still time to ask bestselling author melina marchetta a question! join the discussion:
@prncsspwr not yet! that's a suggestion on our to-do list, though.
"he was born with a gift of laughter and a sense that the world was mad."
today at 2pm et/11am pt, join us for a live video chat with legendary author terry brooks!
today only! ask matthew quick, author of the silver linings playbook, a question on goodreads!
"it is never too late to be wise."
@katyauroff it's coming in october:
happy shakespeare day! check out our infographic in honor of the bard:
in honor of shakespeare's (observed) birthday, use our helpful infographic to see what play you should read next!
"you know how sometimes you lie in bed at night and think, what if the law of gravity just wears ..."
it's friday! what will you be reading this weekend? #weekendgoodreads
nell freudenberger, @kimbarnesauthor and @alixohlin are answering reader questions on goodreads today! join in the fun:
"life is a beautiful magnificent thing, even to a jellyfish."
uk authors: @patrickrbrown will be at #lbf13 again tomorrow, hosting an open workshop on goodreads. 10-12 in the author lounge. stop by!
"all serious daring starts from within."
tell your uk author friends that patrick brown will present on how to help readers discover your books
"two or three things i know for sure, and one of them is the way you can both hate and love someth..."
we'll be chatting live with gillian flynn in just a minute!
today at 2pm et/11am pt, we're chatting live with gillian flynn! join the discussion:
still time to ask a question! author chat with rachel bertsche about her book mwf seeking bff. join the discussion:
today only! chat with debut author rachel bertsche about her book mwf seeking bff. join the discussion:
fascinating and gross at the same time, science writer @mary_roach chats about her latest book gulp! read interview:
it's friday! what will you be reading this weekend? #weekendgoodreads
calling all wizards and muggles! help support the harry potter alliance and the accio books campaign! how you can help:
@cyclone_alyssa @pinterest bookmarklet appears to be broken, but pin it button in "share this book" section still works. which r you using?
@pockifish yes, unfortunately, that's a known issue. sorry about that.
"a great nose may be an index / of a great soul"
@jamesrasbeary i believe if you try tomorrow, it should work. there's a waiting period for new members. we should improve that message, tho.
"be clearly aware of the stars and infinity on high. then life seems almost enchanted after all."
"i just found out my two favorite people are getting married." @hughhowey on today's news about goodreads and amazon.
still time to ask cathy marie buchanan, author of the painted girls, a question! join the discussion:
"life has no meaning. each of us has meaning and we bring it to life. it is a waste to be asking t..."
"my grandfather always said that living is like licking honey off a thorn."
"you will always be the bread and the knife, not to mention the crystal goblet andsomehowthe wine."
"surely only boring people went in for conversations consisting of questions and answers. the art ..."
in just a few minutes, we'll be chatting live with lawrence wright about his new book going clear. join us:
"all happiness depends on courage and work."
build schools where they are desperately needed! join us in supporting the nonprofit building tomorrow:
"the fault, dear brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves."
today only! ask bestselling author denise mina a question about her latest book gods and beasts. join the discussion:
alan brennert, author of moloka'i, has joined goodreads! become a fan: 
@nicojaye click "change" next to the feed and it will give you the option.
we have rescheduled our video chat with lawrence wright for wed., march 20 at 2pm et. ask your questions here:
"you're alive only once, as far as we know, and what could be worse than getting to the end of you..."
thank you for your patience. we should be back now for all members. we're so sorry for the prolonged outage.
we're having some technical issues at the moment, but we hope to have it resolved soon. thanks for your patience.
"it was one of those humid days when the atmosphere gets confused. sitting on the porch, you could..."
@thebooksluts that shouldn't happen. please email us the specifics and we'll look into it. support at goodreads dot com.
"you don't have anything  / if you don't have the stories."
"but better to get hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie."
it's friday! what are you reading this weekend? #weekendgoodreads
"wicked people never have time for reading. it's one of the reasons for their wickedness."
writer @_davidshields shares his favorite books that could save a life:
"he never went out without a book under his arm, and he often came back with two."
living with him is like being told a perpetual story: his mind is the biggest, most imaginative...
"the worker must work for the glory of his handiwork, not simply for pay; the thinker must think..."
@mysticwolf12001 yes, self-published books are listed. but it's often the author or reader who added them. (cont'd)
is the book really better than the movie? just in time for the oscars, we look into the data:
"do not go gentle into that good night. / rage, rage against the dying of the light."
mike carey, author of neverwhere, has joined goodreads! become a fan: 
author manil suri shares his top 5 books about india in time for his third novel. what would you add to his list?
"books have a unique way of stopping time in a particular moment and saying: lets not forget this."
@authoright would love to hear more about your lbf plans. who do we contact on your team?
@lsaacmyalter can you email us about this? support at goodreads dot com
mt @laurahazardowen: gone girl was the most-reviewed book on @goodreads in 2012 #toccon
check out the article about goodreads in today's new york times!
book look! view the work of minimalist architect miguel ngel aragons in our special gallery.
"and hand in hand, on the edge of the sand,  / they danced by the light of the moon."
karen chance, author of touch the dark, has joined goodreads! become a fan: 
@anatommoforever check out the can't wait books of 2013 list:
"impropriety is the soul of wit."
tracy hickman, author of time of the twins, has joined goodreads! become a fan: 
"the beginning of love is the will to let those we love be perfectly themselves, the resolution not..."
"if particular care and attention is not paid to the ladies, we are determined to foment a rebellio..."
in just a few minutes, we'll be chatting live with bestselling author kim harrison! have a question? ask it now:
join us today at 2pm et/11am pt for a live chat with bestselling author kim harrison! have a question? ask it now:
peek behind the scenes at goodreads! we've just finished decorating our very bookish san francisco office. see photos:
tomorrow: join author ayana mathis to discuss her novel twelve tribes of hattie in the obc 2.0 official group:
"i'd rather sing one wild song and burst my heart with it, than live a thousand years watching my d..."
today only! chat with bestselling author nancy springer about dark lie or any of her books!
today will pretty much always be known as @realjohngreen day on goodreads. what a great conversation!
"life is not so idiotically mathematical that only the big eat the small; it is just as common for ..."
we are chatting live with timothy ferriss! come join the discussion!
"i have great faith in fools - self-confidence my friends will call it."
"the books - the generous friends who met me without suspicion - the merciful masters who never use..."
today only! romance author bella andre is answering questions on goodreads. join the conversation:
it's not too late to join the 2013 reading challenge! more than 12 million books pledged so far:
@elliesmd @flyleafbook @nookbn @regbook tough act to follow! goodreads members who liked beautiful ruins also liked:
do good with goodreads: join us this month in supporting the nonprofit adopt-a-classroom!
"if the real world were a book, it would never find a publisher.  overlong, detailed to the point o..."
ken follett, author of the pillars of the earth, has joined goodreads! become a fan: 
goodreads members have pledged to read 10 million books this year - and counting!
"never open the door to a lesser evil, for other and greater ones invariably slink in after it."
publishers - let us know which questions you want to ask readers
@jain_anushri glad to hear that!
:) rt@karengreeners: i love that my huz went through my @goodreads account to see what books i'd like for my birthday. smart dude
blushing! rt @pmberez13: i'm obsessed with @goodreads, best creation in the world! #proudbooknerd #ilovegoodbooks
@rihsg4l no, you can add your book to goodreads before it is published. in fact, we encourage it. go here:
more than 100,000 people and counting have joined the 2013 reading challenge!
@ladawncp we have a record for it here, i believe:
making a resolution to read more? join the 2013 reading challenge!
happy new year! what are you reading this holiday weekend? #weekendgoodreads
@mandorac we will have the 2013 challenge up soon! thanks for your patience.
"if i have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of giants."
@ced i believe that may be a bug. we are looking into it, and i apologize for the inconvenience.
"together in our house, in the firelight, we are the world made small."
"i myself have never been able to find out precisely what feminism is: i only know that people call..."
looking for last-minute gift ideas? magnus flyte recommends the best gifts for fantasy lovers:
do good with goodreads this holiday season! these nonprofits are changing lives through reading:
we are still working on the site outage. thanks for your patience and so sorry for the inconvenience.
"if a man will begin with certainties, he shall end in doubts; but if he will be content to begin ..."
publishers - what do readers want? submit your questions for @toc ny
today is the last day to enter to win the latest oprah pick, the twelve tribes of hattie:
it's friday! what will you be reading this weekend? #weekendgoodreads
charles stross, author of accelerando, has joined goodreads! become a fan: 
"don't be afraid to be confused. try to remain permanently confused. anything is possible. stay op..."
publishers - what do readers want? submit your questions for @toc ny
anna karenina: happy families are all alike; unhappy families should watch out for trains #12wordnovels
today only: ask bestselling author bob mayer a question!
see what books are racing up our charts this month! take a look at the december movers and shakers:
tomorrow at 2pm et/11am pt, we are hosting robin sloan (@robinsloan) for a live video chat about mr. penumbra. join us!
"not one of your pertinent ancestors was squashed, devoured, drowned, starved, stranded, stuck fast..."
friday has arrived! what are you reading this weekend? #weekendgoodreads
"time to leave now, get out of this room, go somewhere, anywhere; sharpen this feeling of happiness..."
"grammar is a piano i play by ear."
congrats to 2x winner @veronicaroth! best goodreads author and insurgent tops best ya fantasy and sci fi!
congrats to @jk_rowling, winner of best fiction for the casual vacancy!
announcing the winners of the 2012 #goodreadschoice awards!
young adult gets old!
@odroku ...there's not a way to do that yet, unfortunately.
"clothes make the man. naked people have little or no influence on society."
"a self is not something static, tied up in a pretty parcel and handed to the child, finished and c..."
please nominate goodreads for the best content discovery application 2012 crunchie!
"to see a world in a grain of sand  / and a heaven in a wild flower,  / hold infinity in the palm o..."
@kalenski we sent out two surveys recently: one for toc, one for goodreads choice. sorry if it's an inconvenience.
predict the winner for best nonfiction!
are you a hipster? try our hipster lit flow chart!
today only! ask best-selling author (and #goodreadschoice finalist) @richellemead a question! join the group:
only 2 days left to vote in the 2012 #goodreadschoice awards!
we're in the final days of #goodreadschoice!
do good with goodreads: we're thankful for these nonprofits doing amazing work for literacy around the world:
more than 1 million votes cast (and counting) in the #goodreadschoice awards!
"how i would enjoy being told the novel is dead. how liberating to work in the margins, outside a c..."
please nominate goodreads for the best content discovery application 2012 crunchie!
"book nerds, you have some hard choices to make" says @ew
the final round has begun! only the top 10 books in each category remain. vote now in the 2012 #goodreadschoice awards:
last day of the #goodreadschoice semifinals! vote and spread the word for your favorite books:
"talking nonsense is the sole privilege mankind possesses over the other organisms. it's by talking..."
"every one of us is, in the cosmic perspective, precious. if a human disagrees with you, let him li..."
"whether you think you can, or you think you can't--you're right."
@janefriedman thought you'd be interested in this case study of "slammed" on goodreads 
rt @dark_regions_pr support author tom piccirilli! 100% of ebook proceeds donated in his fight against brain cancer:
join us today at 2pm et/11am pt for a live video chat with jasper fforde! if you've got a question, ask it here:
have a question for nick harkaway? today's the day to ask it:
last day to vote in the opening round of the #goodreadschoice awards!
thanks so much to everyone who watched our live chat with barbara kingsolver. if you missed it, watch it here:
how many of our 300 opening round nominees have you read?
what's the best nonfiction book of the year? quiet, the power of habit, bringing up bb? vote now:
@phk09 the site is functioning normally at the moment. have you tried clearing your browser cache? that has been known to help.
impressed by @fivethirtyeight calling election correctly? check out his book - it's trending on goodreads
@wander_lane yes. you can first just shelve the book, then write a review. no need to rate the book first.
what's the most useful cookbook you read this year? vote for your favorites in best food and cookbooks:
who should win best memoir? nominees include @cherylstrayed @damienechols @annelamott and many more!
best fiction is heating up! who gets your vote: kristin hannah, barbara kingsolver, junot diaz...or?
@tanyahum_ nope. one vote in each category per round. sorry!
mark z. danielewski shares his favorite ghost stories:
guy kawasaki, author of the art of the start, has joined goodreads! become a fan of guy:
have you voted yet? choose the best books of the year in the opening round of the 2012 #goodreadschoice awards!
philippa gregory, author of the other boleyn girl, has joined goodreads! become a fan: 
announcing the 2012 #goodreadschoice awards! opening round now open for voting:
one more reminder: we're speaking at self publishing book expo today at 12:30! don't miss it!
do good with goodreads: join us this month in supporting the nonprofit, the world is just a book away!
bestselling authors stacy schiff (cleopatra: a life) and jodi kantor (the obamas) answer reader questions today!
"in one aspect, yes, i believe in ghosts, but we create them. we haunt ourselves."
"whatever you're meant to do, do it now. the conditions are always impossible."
"a desk is a dangerous place from which to view the world."
in just two hours, we'll be chatting with p.c. cast and kristin cast. enter to win their new book here:
today at 7pm et/4pm pt we're chatting live with p.c. cast and kristin cast about their new book hidden. join us!
@delightedreader yeah, that shouldn't persist. it usually means the site is over capacity, but it isn't (and hasn't been).
@jenna_goodall laura will be hosting a chat tomorrow in the group. keep your eyes out for that!
goodreads is "a better way to discover great books that matter" says @markfidelman on @forbes
"to live is the rarest thing in the world. most people exist, that is all."
melville fans! get ready for moby-dick marathon nyc, with readers like paul dano, sarah vowell, etc.:
@bpmcgackin it's entirely up to you how you want to rate an omnibus volume.
@jlarmentrout we're looking into that and should have it resolved shortly. sorry for the inconvenience.
the weekend is here. what are you reading? #weekendreads
friday is here! what are you reading this weekend? #weekendreads
cartoonist chris ware shares his favorite concept books:
@alisonrose711 are you posting to gr from a mobile app by any chance? that might have something to do with it.
@mollyrhicks seems like your browser might have cached a bad version of the site. can you try clearing your cache?
@anothernovel great to hear!
congratulations to all the finalists for this year's national book awards. which book should win for fiction? vote now!
@ajashinoff we haven't had any outages. have you tried clearing your browser cache?
"seek freedom and become captive of your desires.  seek discipline and find your liberty."
a huge thanks to @ned_vizzini and to everyone who watched our live chat! if you missed it, watch it here: 
tomorrow at 2pm et/11am pt, we are chatting live with @ned_vizzini! join us:
timothy zahn, author of heir to the empire, has joined goodreads! become a fan: 
"well, my dear, take heart. some day, i will kiss you and you will like it. but not now, so i beg y..."
@luhmann is it on the site? if not, you can manually add it here:
san francisco! as part of @litquake, we are hosting a literary pub quiz on 10/11. it's free and you should come:
@sjhawken if it's your book, you can add it manually here:
@herlitsalon not currently on the to-do list, but thanks for the suggestion. we'll take it into consideration.
"how easy it is to judge rightly after one sees what evil comes from judging wrongly."
on monday, sheryl wudunn will be answering questions about her book half the sky, now an @pbs special! join the group:
it's friday! what are you reading this weekend? #weekendreads
"to be content with little is difficult; to be content with much, impossible."
"to do the useful thing, to say the courageous thing, to contemplate the beautiful thing: that is e..."
"do a loony-goony dance  / 'cross the kitchen floor,  / put something silly in the world  / that ai..."
ask tess gerritsen a question! she's answering reader questions today only in her group:
tess gerritsen fans! tess will be answering questions from readers this sunday. check it out:
@sarahsmoon if it's really spam, please flag it and we'll look into it. sorry you have to put up with that.
enter to win makers, the latest from chris anderson, author of the long tail and free.
friday has arrived! what are you reading this weekend? #weekendreads
@alisonbianchi you should check out our madeline miller chat tomorrow:
deb caletti, author of the nature of jade, has joined goodreads! become a fan: 
last tweet should've called out @juicystar007, too! join us on thursday for the chat, everybody:
@nerdnumbers ah, yes. on your quotes page, that's true. thanks for the feedback on that.
do good with goodreads: support sprint for shakespeare and help digitize the 1st folio's centuries-old pages!
be not afraid of greatness! help digitize a page of the bodleian library's edition of shakespeare's first folio:
debut author snapshot: emma straub shares some of the inspiration behind her new historical novel!
"everybody hates me because i'm so universally liked."
w/ link! book lovers: if you're not already on goodreads, here's why you should be by @ricmacnz at @rww
geek hero junot daz (brief wondrous life of oscar wao) talks with goodreads about his new book! read the interview:
@myrandomtruths sorry about that. one of our servers is having some issues. they should be back later today. thanks for your patience.
excited for j.k. rowling's the casual vacancy? join our book club to discuss it!
"some books should be tasted, some devoured, but only a few should be chewed and digested thoroughly."
@harpercollins @eloisajames @jennifa_k unfortunately, it's almost certainly the godaddy issue. we will post an update in the group.
bill willingham, author of fables: legends in exile, has joined goodreads!
"people say that life is the thing, but i prefer reading."
@buzzrohit sounds like you might have shelved an ebook edition. click "%" and it will toggle to pages.
"i dont want to fade away, i want to flame away - i want my death to be an attraction, a spectacle..."
@batahluwalia you'll be able to click on it and go to the group and join there. but better to try to find a group on the mobile site.
laurie r. king fans: laurie is answering questions from goodreads members in her featured author group!
@katetoon can you email us with the details? support at goodreads dot com. thanks.
@lilspydermunkey unfortunately, the only way to count a re-read book towards your challenge is to add a second edition of it.
"reality doesn't impress me. i only believe in intoxication, in ecstasy, and when ordinary life sha..."
"bold knaves thrive without one grain of sense, / but good men starve for want of impudence."
@prettythought87 you can add it manually if we don't have it yet.
tomorrow, we're hosting a discussion with 4 very talented debut novelists. join the discussion!
reminder: tomorrow, we will be chatting live with philippa gregory at 1pm et/10 am pt (6pm in london):
@_irenegade sorry to hear that. can you email us more details? support at goodreads dot com.
what do you think the future of reading looks like? 
@chrisonmosby if you just want them to see your account, you can send them the link to the profile. (contd)
"i am not sure that i exist, actually. i am all the writers that i have read, all the people that i..."
"it matters not how strait the gate,  / how charged with punishments the scroll,  / i am the master..."
@fionjlau which book? we'll look into it.
@l_w_gresham nice. we love hearing that!
@avidbookshop then within each folder, you can have a variety of discussion topics specific to that book club.
"your silence will not protect you."
for sxsw, we're going to be talking about the future of the book and reading. what do you think the future of the book is? let us know!
"from even the greatest of horrors irony is seldom absent."
@dianejwright no problem!
kerrelyn sparks, author of how to marry a millionaire vampire, has joined goodreads!
it's friday! what will you be reading this weekend? #weekendgoodreads
author interview: satirist martin amis talks with goodreads about his latest novel, lionel asbo: state of england!
author interview: sherrilyn kenyon chats about her latest dark-hunter paranormal romance, time untime!
@lexbarbie oops! that doesn't sound like. can you email us at support at goodreads dot com? we can assist.
gillian flynn, author of gone girl, has joined goodreads!
sneak peek at tomorrow: gillian flynn and megan abbott will be answer reader questions! join the group!
have a question about the spy novel genre? ask it in our espionage fiction panel!
thank you to all our members! goodreads is now 10 million strong!
"i'm going to smile, and my smile will sink down into your pupils, and heaven knows what it will be..."
rip david rakoff. the humorist and essayist has passed away at the age of 47:
"ah, good taste! what a dreadful thing!  taste is the enemy of creativeness."
"i am a part of all that i have met."
"if our sex life were determined by our first youthful experiments, most of the world would be doom..."
enter to win a paperback of the baker's daughter, by sarah mccoy:
@andersongl sorry to hear it's not working correctly. we'll look into it.
dare me by megan abbott was one of the hot new releases this week. chat with her and gillian flynn on august 14:
@dcwllms you can create one and make it exclusive so the books aren't also on to-read, read, etc. that's what most people do.
kelley armstrong fans! today only, kelley is answering questions from goodreads members. join the discussion!
"the reasonable man adapts himself to the world: the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt t..."
a huge surge of interest in cloud atlas yesterday:
enter to win beneath the glitter, by elle and blair fowler:
"ben wished the world was organized by the dewey decimal system. that way you'd be able to find wha..."
@katymajor check out our video chat with erin next monday:
parents! have dad read bedtime stories a few times a week. here are some book suggestions to get you started:
@deerme86 are you trying to import them? we can't import anything without an isbn. could that be the issue?
"i lie to myself all the time. but i never believe me."
it's friday! what will you be reading this weekend? #weekendgoodreads
"a line is a fuse /                                                     that's lit. / the line smol..."
@kristenhavens sure, that will work.
debut author snapshot: lydia netzer shares the inspiration behind her new novel, shine shine shine!
@gizmosreviews try refreshing your browser cache. that should fix the issue. apologies for the inconvenience.
all day tomorrow: talk historical fiction with some of the leading authors in the genre. click here to join!
a huge thanks to @jeaniene_frost and everyone who watched our live chat. if you missed it, watch it here:
@_grandhotel you'd need to set it up on the site itself, first. but once you've enabled it, it should work on the app.
join us today at 5 et/2 pt for a live chat with jeaniene frost! get your questions in now!
enter to win fifty shames of earl grey, the parody of fifty shades:
"rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth."
@ekcragg i don't see a record of your twitter account on the site, so it should be de-linked. can you email us if that's not the case?
@angiebee sorry about that. it is a temporary bug. should be resolved momentarily.
@jeffreymcmanus that shouldn't happen. can you please email support at goodreads dot com about that? we will get you opted out. sorry.
"always try to keep a patch of sky above your life."
@frejabennett i will pass your suggestion on to our mobile team. thanks for the feedback!
don't miss our list of must-reads on entertainment weekly: not bestsellers yet, but readers think they should be!
little bee author chris cleave chats with goodreads about his new olympic novel!
@wellroundedradi please email mparker at goodreads dot com.
@coolsravy we don't have many books actually available to read. if the book is available on goodreads, there's a "read now" button on it.
@feanorscurse thanks for the suggestion. it's definitely a goal to translate the site in the future. we will keep you updated.
the year is half over! are you 50% done with your 2012 reading challenge?
want to learn more about our author program? check out the brief presentation we've just posted here:
i hope that one day people will need a dictionary to understand the word unfairness. #dreaming
@andyjudxusa hope kerry will receive the message. he's making a difference
check 
the road to santiago (english, subtitulos en espanol)
@nisi_vonuck happy saturday
ive learned that sometimes when im angry i have the right to be angry
@holt3kevin not yet. i my list of movies to watch after your tweet
@thejokr i would include the new one with nicole kidman
@aka_louis check my previous post &gt; happy journey, madiba!  (port, eng)
@lucristofolini se deus quiser
@karmoles si. recibiste mi email? grijalbo = random house
i am slowly losing my enthusiasm with @twitter  #fact
charme s funciona por 15 min. depois disso, voce tem que realmente saber o que est dizendo
buenos dias, bom dia, good morning!
beautiful genve / bela genebra
lord, bless our week. time can't change us, but love can
san francisco chronicle today. thank you!
entiendo que el sufrimiento, cuando no puede ser evitado, est aqu para ayudarme en mi camino hacia mis sueos.
"pelo autor ser paulo coelho, eu fiquei sem saber se lia ou no"
@mojaykijo thank you for your support
si mantienes la dignidad y la honra, puedes perder la batalla, pero jams sers derrotado, porque tu alma estar intacta #accra
@roselytoledo em principio, deveria funcionar tb no brasil. hoje mais tarde estou postando link da ibooks, que funciona no brasil. abs
@zunlaykjimenez no existe. nunca escribi un libro con este titulo
25 aos de alquimia | el heraldo
@twitergiovane04 @diiguinhoh por favor parem de pedir isso ou bloqueio de novo. nao aguento stalker
rt @nonofalasi omg i am on heaven with @paulocoelho books my next plan is to order them in english 
if it is still on your mind, it is worth taking the risk!
beautiful ecards rt @simplereminders  if you pay attention to the present, you can improve upon it. by @paulocoelho
ibooks:diario de um mago (portugues) 3,99 usd &gt;
@n_alqenaie important book for me to write also
lord, bless our week. let our hearts understand that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself.
se somos um peixe maior que o tanque em que fomos criados, ao invs de nos adaptarmos a ele, devamos buscar o oceano.
@monsterlovebaby thak you, may god bless your days
#11minutos ibookstore (hasta domingo) usa  4.99 usd
a editora mudou a capa.eu gostei muito, o que voces acham?
ningum aprende a viver assistindo a um curso a respeito.
@walcyrcarrasco e est fazendo toda a diferena! @jovemnerd @andrevianco @raphaeldraccon
don't say "yes" when you want to say "no." don't say "no" when you want to say "yes"
@adsagg entrei, vi, e dei um rt. obrigado pelo apoio
be different / seja diferente
seas transparente en tus acciones y secreto en tus planes
@demetriaiyova a wonderful country, where i live part of the year (geneve)
crticos esportivos: "impossvel" frana se classificar (precisava de 3 x0). no deu outra: 3x0 #bravo  #brasil2014
@shibafred obrigado pelo carinho e pelo apoio
tenemos dos opciones en la vida: 1] encontrar un camino 2] construir uno
prayer of forgiveness 
@solaziza boa semana!
senhor, abenoa nossa semana. ou controlamos nossas aes, ou elas nos controlaro
@lizgodoi se estiver escrito, acontecer. maktub
don't allow your wounds to turn you into a person you are not
top most read books in the past 50 years: #thealchemist is number 5
@denyrio excelente sbado, cheia de fora e de luz
live the life you always wanted to live &gt;
que tus logros sean ms grandes que tus fracasos. y tus sueos ms grandes que tus miedos! #felizviernes
"las personas tienen miedo de seguir sus sueos porque creen que no los merecen, o no van a conseguirlos." #accra
ibooks 11/11 - 18/11 - aleph:  mexico - 89 mxn
cinebiografia de paulo coelho: rejeio baixa  lauro jardim (veja) 
paulo coelho, portrait  (arte/ard)
ibookstore espaa:aleph 3,99 eur
fsp - autor marcelo mirisola chama curador da feira de frankfurt de 'bedel' 
love can consign us to hell or to paradise, but it always takes us somewhere (maria, the prostitute, in #11minutes)
interessante...
a veces tu poder no est en lo que haces, sino en lo que no haces
red cross philippines
1 mes da feira livro frankfurt, 3 livrarias em berlim:: no h 1 s livro dos autores brasileiros convidados
sunday reading: the two drops of oil (english, portugues, espanol)
@mi_any que coisa boa. d um grande abrao em meu nome  no seu professor
saturday night reading: what is justice? 
@another1alice we are always inside this painting called universe
@darkangel_1903 excelente final de semana para vc tambem
@talachaatala thank you for reading my books
coleo paulo coelho (10 livros) -
querer algo sem pagar nada termina saindo carssimo
@samuelpedro55 guarde com cuidado, est esgotadissima!
cnn: 10 surprising twitter superstars
um sbio conhece tudo. um tolo conhece todo mundo
status: doing more of what makes me happy
a maneira de tratar os outros reflete nossa maneira  de tratar a ns mesmos
a wise man knows everything. a fool knows everybody.
@chicachocolata thank you for your support!
ser, bendice nuestra semana. la injusticia es parte del juego y de la vida, pero una victoria lava las heridas
sharing: 2014 calendar paulo coelho
happy diwali my friends from india!
@ddedayana happy birthday
@isafoxx obrigado, excelente sbado
if you are honest, people may cheat you. be honest anyway.
if you want to share ur experiences on depression: pilar_piedra@hotmail.com anonymity granted but i may use it and give you no credit
la fama en s es una copa: puedes servirte agua, vino o veneno. #fact
thank u all who shared ur experiences abt depression (previous tweet). i will dedicate more time to research the subject
perfecto!
enfrento minhas tempestades usando sonhos, um pouco de loucura, e uma micro-dose de irresponsabilidade
a melhor propaganda
o segredo da felicidade (o alquimista) --&gt;
fame itself  is only a glass: you can pour water, wine or venom #fact
"...and the kiss more important than the lips" ==&gt;
no des explicaciones... &gt;
"if you empower a weak soul, he/she will become a tyrant" (a person in my table today)
275 weeks in the ny times betseller list! 
@aracile muchas veces...
@barry_dwyer probably.
probably you don't need other people. but i can guarantee: other people need you
no deixe ninguem roubar sua alegria!
@raulclismer_ obrigado, um bom dia para voce!
@srk171 thank you for your strong support!
#justwatched "this must be the place ". i wonder why sean penn did not win an oscar for his fantastic performance!  (tem na locadora)
fact: ...and in the end, the most interesting people always leave. paulo coelho, #11minutes
avoiding problems you need to face is avoiding the life you need to live.
senhor, abenoa nossa semana. s duas coisas podem nos revelar os segredos da vida: sofrimento e amor
bom domingo / happy sunday
1 min reading: the child within us:
1 min saturday reading: the child within us
saturday:
perfect people don't lie, don't drink, don't fight, don't make mistakes and don't exist
@maguitaalcaraz clica en el link, gracias por el apoyo
@nathy_grin feliz aniversario!
casablanca: les livres sont  plus puissantes que l'pe
@cinaralopes claro q estarei!
seor, bendice nuestra semana. quien ama no destruye ni se deja destruir.
sunday of joy: #thealchemist 274 weeks in the ny times bestseller list!
" @imsodolly  new read
@fabnunes com todos meus livros
rt @kieronbint  paulo coelho
esquea rotulos e preconceitos. transforme-se naquilo que pensa.
@hasnnaagatha um elogio destes nao podia passar despercebido. excelente domingo
"@hasnnaagatha paulo coelho  foda, desculpe meu portugus mas ele  foda mesmo! "                    '
@geraldineandrag gracias por tu apoyo
milano, next wednesday (free entrance)
have a funny and crazy saturday!!! 
@priyankapaaatel thank you for your support
if you think adventure is dangerous, try routine; it is lethal  #friday
("apareo" nos min 7:30 e 11:50 )  das blaue sofa frankfurter buchmesse 2013 (deutsch)
date prisa: tus sueos te estn esperando, pero no van a esperar para siempre.
" @sunny_ves #paulocoelho interesting interview: why did i refuse to go to frankfurt
we all fall into a trap from time to time. the problem is: i see some people falling in love with the trap
" @hf paulo coelho true to himself
if you understand life, you need a reality check...
@jplcz as for il duomo, you know that you are more than welcome. just please call me if you want to go.
@sssingh21 true.
interessante post com hangout meu no final 
que os amigos cony e ziraldo se recuperem logo. essa energia que rolou na feira do livro de frankfurt... #deixapral
simples e verdadeiro: o amor cura.
free entrance, but no signing session rt @pablocarina can't miss this one! see you soon 
duomo di milano, 23 oct 2013, free entrance
duomo di milano, 23/10, free entrance
my journey was rt @claluvcyberwrld book really awesome =) "frankfurt airport today
life sometimes separates people so that they can realize how much they mean to each other
monday 20 sec reading: why did you punish me?
seor, bendice nuestra semana. el peor pecado es olvidar la razn de vivir.
" @estitanaem powerful as usual rt @paulocoelho: sunday 30 sec reading: defeat
"a ti te gusta todo el mundo, lo que es lo mismo de: no te importa nadie''  (o.wilde)
ria dos seus erros. mas no os repita.
finales de octobre edicion historica para mexico/latinoamerica. gracias por 25 aos de amistad
children's day in brasil: that was my gift ( @book_fair  buses) / meu presente do dia das crianas
feliz dia das crianas! eu era assim h alguns (poucos) anos &gt;
viva n. sra. aparecida, padroeira do brasil!
friday 30 sec reading: to those who were never defeated
si entiendes la vida, debes estar mal informado
merci tunisie! 5 sur 10!!!: meilleures ventes de livres
aprende a distinguir entre una rpida lluvia de verano y un huracn devastador #ojo
@jpocosta a locadora principal tpb nao est carregando. mas acredito que tenha nas filiais
@carlinhos1920 obrigado pelo apoio
frankfurt book fair: thank you my publishers from all over the world! ==&gt;
rt @marvaldarenas si el alma del mundo tuviera ojos
30 sec reading for tonight: the bird and the cage
la recompensa por nuestro trabajo no es lo que conseguimos, sino en lo que nos convertimos
life is not about good answers.. it's about interesting questions
seguindo via @raqcozer : @paulocoelho acabou. vc foi citado pelo min. das relaes exteriores da alemanha junto c/drummond, clarice e amado
@marthambatalha claro que no. veja no meu blog
life is very short, and there's no time /for fussing and fighting, my friends (beatles)
@portalmcu idem. acordei com esta muisica na cabea  @gracielavaldez1
@marthambatalha @ruthdeaquino adorei o texto s/frankfurt. ocorre que o portal da @revistaepoca no d link. ruth tem meu email privado:link!
my religion? my soul | amy anka
felicitaciones @karmoles !!! mas de 100 mil amigos en  facebook espanol! &gt;
senhor, abenoa nossa semana. a nossa dor de ontem  nossa fora de hoje.
@maronemoraes eu nao vou. se fosse, apesar de ser convidado da delegaao, iria convidado por minha editora alem.
@maggietranquila thank you for your support
paulo coelho - "warum ich nicht zur frankfurter buchmesse fahre"
why did i refuse to go to the frankfurt book fair
muchas veces el autobs equivocado termin llevndome al lugar correcto. #fact
@noyyeee happy birthday!
@travessadavida @__bombs__ e todos aqui que apoiaram minha atitude com relaao  frankfurt: muito obrigado
el peor pecado es olvidar la razon de vivir!
ministra no diz coisa com coisa (nota:sou convidado, mas at sabado decido se vou)
raul e paulo nos eua (1974)
muitas vezes o nibus errado terminou me levando para o lugar certo #fato
15 sec read: may we all be forgotten
eu acho q ministra no sabe o q est dizendo
si buscas el amor verdadero, renuncia a los amores mediocres que encuentres.
if we don't know where to go, no wind is favorable
#justwatched excelente pelcula argentina "medianeras". para mi (agradable) sorpresa, el actor escribe en un chat&gt;
@fatraposo o @eduardospohr vem por conta prpria. nao foi convidado para ser parte da delegaao oficial.
"@wang2k12  wonder if u have a mental illness.. famous ones are dealing with this  illness  re john nash"   here&gt;
70 escritores p/ #frankfurt2013 ,mostrando "diversidade cultural brasil"; curador escolheu apenas 1 negro e 1 indio (sddeutsche zeitung)
senhor, abenoa nossa semana. liberdade no  ausncia de compromissos, mas a capacidade de escolher
nuestra mayor tristeza - o mayor alegra - ser mirar al pasado y contestar a la preguntahabr amado lo suficiente?
evadir problemas que necesitas afrontar es evadir la vida que necesitas vivir
2 errores en la bsqueda del amor: a] no empezar. b] no agotar todas las posibilidades.
@jornalismowando como adoro seus tweets, vai uma foto minha com romero. o que deve ser o horror cult total
@shinobidiego @jovemnerd foi e  um grande apoio.
@runwithcoke muitissimo obrigado pelo apoio.
os outros lhe vem da mesma maneira que voce se v
porfa, no me peam para ser bonzinho e tolerante com recalcados. #chupatroll
@anthonybobea pero no tan mala como "jobs"
@elisainthesky_ nao disse "todos"
i still cry when i listen to this song. my dreams resisted! father and son
meu anjo me diz: "comece a caminhar, para que eu possa comear a protege-lo."
#malucobeleza rt @caiquegama  to pirando com um livro que ganhei! "o aleph" nunca tinha lido um livro em toda a vida...to gostando demais
few take up the burden of their own victory; many give up their dreams when they become possible
many fears hide secret wishes
los cambios suceden cuando vamos contra todo lo que soliamos hacer
translation: "i'm hungry! when are we going to eat?" rt @yasserhareb 
      
changes happen when we go against everything we're used to doing. #change
lord, bless our week. help us to choose between the bridges to cross and the bridges to destroy.
viva bruce springsteen, viva raul, viva a sociedade alternativa!
safety belts are for planes and cars. for love? unlock them while crossing a zone of turbulence and have fun!
stop and relax. enjoy the moment. the finish line, after all, is inevitable
"asma coelho : et voil enfin entre les meilleures mains"
@emanuel1944 obrigado. excelente final de semana
el xito llega para quienes no pierden tiempo comparando lo que hacen con lo que otros estn haciendo
impossible is just an option...
when you are right, people forget. 
when you are wrong, people remember #fact
bruce springsteen, r. seixas, paulo coelho
date prisa: tus sueos te estn esperando, pero no van a esperar para siempre.
sociedade alternativa (seixas and coelho no caneco)
overnight success takes decades of daily work
we are so attached to our way of life that we turn down opportunities simply because we don't know what to do.
a vida sempre espera um momento de crise para revelar seu lado mgico
i write to empty my mind and to fill my heart.
p/causa do "estou cumprindo ordens" muito mal foi feito  humanidade (nazistas, por exemplo). saiba quando transgredir!
facebook: + 12.000.000 ! &gt;
rt @funkollektor  i made my father read it.// 269 weeks @nytimes bestseller list
interessante...
fight for your dreams, and your dreams will fight for you #dream
keep your sense of humor about your mistakes. but don't repeat them.
warrior of the light necklace (handmade, silver 950) 

when everyday seems the same ---&gt;
bless yourself this sunday!
abenoe voce mesmo(a) hoje!
it is not a sin to be happy
if you understand life, you are misinformed
my internal gps uses faith, intuition and discipline every day to calculate my position
to succeed we must answer a very simple question, several times a day: "why am i doing this?"
la ausencia de respuesta tambin es una respuesta. #aleph
learn how to distinguish between a quick summer rain and a devastating hurricane
no existe nada completamente errado no mundo; mesmo um relgio parado consegue estar certo 2 x ao dia #brida
@vudureverso dio saudvel
e postar aki o que achou rt @srta_patience deu uma vontade louca d ler paulo coelho, tipo parar tudo, e comear a ler todos os livros dele.
if we are in love, we are making love the whole time, even when we are not
"amor  vida" (ontem):
#veronikadecidestodie &gt;
adoro @walcyrcarrasco  . ser humano muitissimo especial, e grande talento #amorvida #juntosparasempre
when i had all the answers, the questions changed...
@_kareencastro que dios bendiga tu semana
30 sec reading: everything is permitted, if everything is accepted &gt;
2 things are here to stay, and nobody can control: p2p file sharing and nsa file storage
lord, bless our week. may we smile to people that we encounter, because it only takes a smile to make a day better
lord, bless our week.  no one is going to love us if we dont love ourselves
@thejetsonian thank you
o maior pecado  perder de vista a razo de viver.
@emanuelapn12 amem!
the only power you have is the power of your decisions. use it
friday 15 sec reading: do you feel useless?
shame on our govt: brasil, guest of honor - frankfurt book fair (in 3 weeks), writers still don't have hotels to stay #fail
paris: tabaco, loto, cartes telefnicos, jornais, e...
quanto menos esperamos, a vida testa nossa coragem. aceite o desafio
ama a tu enemigo, pero mantn actualizada tu lista negra. cmo matar un troll &gt; 
@prachi_sj may god bless you and your family!
we never learn important things by being told. we have to find out for ourselves.
para ter o melhor, precisamos ser os melhores
disciplina  saber escolher entre o que queremos agora e o que queremos para sempre
talvez voce no precise dos outros. mas eu garanto: os outros precisam de voc
"books defeat terrorism", malala yousafzai says in opening europes biggest library
malala and the alchemist
malala, jovem atacada por taliban, acaba de abrir maior biblioteca europa e d meu livro &gt;
las personas que no tienen miedo de equivocarse son las que transforman al mundo
monday 20 sec reading: what is an useful life?
help paulo coelho institute / ajude instituto paulo coelho &gt;&gt;&gt;
el peor pecado es olvidar la razon de vivir.
lord, bless our week. happiness is not a sin, suffering is not a virtue
lo fcil aburre, lo difcil atrae, lo complicado sucede y lo imposible enamora
locadora paulo coelho aconselha "emperor" , "stand up guys", "the iceman", "now you see me"#paraentendidos
romantic
#watched "oblivion" (2013) tasteless cocktail using 2 great ingredients: planet of the apes + 2001
es precisamente en el momento en que todo empieza a ir bien que necesitamos prestar ms atencin.
tomorrow, 267 weeks in the ny tiimes! see the full list &gt;
@rfoudah happy saturday
@jacknuit nao recebi
@fogodoeon you are more welcome to have your opinions, but this is not a football match. everybody is a loser
@hotaru_ami i am not blind or out of this world. what i know is that an intervention now will open the gates of hell
the way you see yourself will often determine how people see you
syria strikes will worsen war and bring no peace #fact
you always look a dwarf when taking a photo with a basketball player rt @justicesobion thanks for inspiring me
"the soft power of a glamorous brasil" (min of culture justifying subsides for haute couture) glamour? &gt;
quase desistindo de ser parte da delegao oficial do brasil na feira livro frankfurt 2013. cansado de patetice (ou pttice?)
meu anjo me diz: "comece a caminhar, para que eu possa comear a protege-lo."
ministra da cultura justifica subsdios p/alta costura, dizendo que "todos seremos beneficiados". pt sonha c/passarelas de paris #fail
@carrlaaii yes, world wide. use paypal by clicking on the link
@lucianohuck querido amigo, aproveito para agradecer seu carinho mencionando meu aniversario no seu programa!
certas benos de deus, quando chegam, quebram todas as vidraas.
@puraputo so tell me what is it
@karlavillicana que nos bendiga a todos
billoo titan: dans la vie tout est "cygne" et la lecture de cet ouvrage aussi en fut un !
meus guerreiros / my warriors @meninosdeluz 

rt @freire_roberto no est sozinho na sua decepo com o pt, @paulocoelho so milhares ou milhes que sentem o mesmo. eu de h muito!
cinto de segurana no serve p/amor. melhor no usar e se divertir com a tempestade.
@adoradorandres que nos bendiga a todos
@fabauoli amem, que dios nos bendiga a todos!
sunday of joy: #thealchemist, present in the ny times bestseller list for 266 weeks (record!) climbs 2 positions
@jazmonge07 gracias a ti!
presente aniversario! birthday gift!
@erikabaini grazie mille
@zvezdy_v_twi spasibo!
@jacknuit obrigadissimo! que deus nos ilumine e nos guie
we are so attached to our way of life that we turn down opportunities simply because we don't know what to do.
a vida sempre espera um momento de crise para revelar seu lado mgico
i decided to produce a movie. just locked the screenplayer in a room and she has 15 days to present me the first draft of 11 minutes
otima idia rt @caiopeartree lendo "o dirio de um mago" de @paulocoelho e com muita vontade de praticar o exerccio da velocidade!
lute por seus sonhos, e seus sonhos lutaro por voc
s a mediocridade  segura. corra seus riscos e seja diferente!
a biblia / the bible
o sole mioo
manuscript found in accra:
the act of discovering who we are will force us to accept that we can go further than we think
so it is time for me to say: happy birthday rt @tcmothergoose a happy, happy birthday gift from my big sister 
quando voc dignifica sua relao com os outros, dignifica tambm sua relao com voc
lucha por tus sueos y tus sueos lucharn por ti!
lord, bless our week. may we understand that cold faces hide insecure hearts
grande barato; descobrir o q aconteceu no dia do seu nascimento &gt;
@itsmargaret_ amem
manten el sentido del humor sobre tus errores. pero nunca los repitas
ser humano: siempre haciendo planes para el futuro, siempre siendo sorprendido por el presente
textos com 20 seg de leitura:
violent criticism dignifies the criticized
@3luhgit2quit thank you for sharing with me
@catleyanotebook happy birthday!
u don't sound rude(it was 1 tweet) rt @rouuuuuuu i don't wanna sound rude but shove ur tweets about egypt up your ass till it reach ur mouth
@maritrunyon why silly? they were great!!!
don't allow anyone to steal your joy!
it is impossible to make a movie based on #thealchemist. everybody who read the book (&lt; 65 mio) already made one in his/her mind
#status 1975, a beach in cabo frio, dreaming, dreaming / uma praia em cabo frio, sonhando, sonhando
no tente cortar caminhos, no adianta. mas aprenda a olhar as maravilhas ao seu redor
hoje: lanamento livro do grande edney silvestre (livraria da travessa, rj) ---&gt;
@kellydsbento era mais uma provocacao, uma brincadeira
answer to my previous question: 99,99% said no
lord, bless our week. give us strength to fight for our dreams
@katiuska_elias gracias a ti
today: 264  weeks in the ny times bestseller list!
the alchemist &gt;
colheita / harvest
no me arrepiento de las veces que sufr, cargo mis cicatrices como si fueran medallas
@emmabtte que dios te bendiga
@kaka, @ivetesangalo e @paulocoelho esto entre os 10 brasileiros mais seguidos no @twitter -
avoid at all costs those who are only by your side in moments of sadness. what they're actually saying to themselves is: "i am wiser"
@jjtorresjunior graas a deus. que ele nos abenoe
" @mouchkarobson truth
@nutelladagaby tira a foto e eu posto
people who love in the expectation of being loved in return is wasting their time
aleph (amazon:
existen personas que nos aman, pero que sencillamente no saben cmo demostrarlo
@kader_chikh merci, bonne journe a vous aussi
#justwatched "inherit the wind" (1960) looks like 50 yr later the situation got worse
s porque uma pessoa no o ama como voc quer, no significa que ela no o ame com tudo o que pode
@competia and then you and bob and chris will drink together. i moved to another apt, we will have  dinner.
existem pessoas que nos amam, mas simplesmente no sabem como demonstrar isso
lord, bless our week. allow us to use our wings - they need exercise
writing is dangerous ---&gt;
@7amanito unfortunately you are right.
@alfontenelle: fenmeno. @paulocoelho: today: two hundred sixty three weeks in ny times bestseller list!
if we believe ourselves  worthy of our dreams , then we become instruments of god
@anakafatma thank you
saturday reading / leitura de sbado
pirate coelho
1 min reading " @willytsno7 manual for climbing mountains
11 minutes of sex / 11 minutos de sexo &gt;
la magia es un puente que te permite ir del mundo visible hacia el invisible. y aprender las lecciones de ambos mundos.#brida
como rio era visto no inicio sc xix
rt @katrancali in my opinion "11 minutes" the best novel by @paulocoelho // once upon a time there was a prostitute
de todas as formas que o ser humano encontrou para ferir a si mesmo, a pior  o amor  #11minutos
@martosjocel thank you. may god guide your steps
if you want to win, you must respect one rule: never lie to yourself
@meloneranger just did that!
rt @musicbytw finally read the alchemist. engaging, wonderfully quick read... love the idea of speaking the language of the world.
uma busca comea sempre com a sorte do principiante, e termina sempre com a prova do conquistador #oalquimista
feche algumas portas. no por arrogncia, mas porque j no levam a lugar nenhum
love transforms and love cures, but
@lemek_s: guadalupe
monday video: luck, coincidence, faith
@julianajeanp: obrigada @paulocoelho pelo #aleph !!! mais uma vez vc est acrescentando na minha vida!!!
what people think of you is none of your business
@zorzanelli que se nao fosse isoso (japao) seria o filme mais deprimente do ano
today : #thealchemist 262 weeks in the ny times bestseller list!
cuando nos esforzamos por ser mejor de lo que somos, todo a nuestro alrededor tambin mejora.
tomorrow #thealchemist in the ny times bestseller list: 262 weeks!
@_priscilasantos isso e normalmente a resposta  no, no  verdade?
@robertocrispim1 uma vez a cada dois anos!
el secreto de la felicidad est en ver las maravillas del mundo, pero sin olvidarte de tu misin y de tu objetivo.
#justwatched  "shake hands with the devil" (2007). should be mandatory to watch this movie in schools
merci pour la photo!
no diga sim quando deseja dizer no. no diga talvez quando deseja dizer sim
1.000 x
rt @brianhogg great travel tips, especially "don't compare" &gt;
my top 9 travel tips &gt;
"tudo que podia dar errado na vida de uma pessoa deu na vida do paulo coelho"
s podemos evitar perigos que conseguimos detectar. mas nem sempre conseguimos (governo, trabalho, "amigos"...)
seor, bendice nuestra semana. en los momentos de crisis descubrimos que somos ms capaces de lo que pensamos.
@melimelirol que bonito, gracias
los encuentros nos esperan, pero...
sometimes the person you think will hurt you and make you fall is ione of the few who will help you to get up
@kikay10000 lennon and mccartney
tomorrow: the alchemist breaking all records, 261 weeks in the  ny times bestseller list
no pare na pista
thank you to whoever made this!
voc nunca ser meu e por isso terei voc para sempre" #11minutos
locadora paulo coelho rt @filipemalkavian @paulocoelho sem a verso mobile funciona:
@oficialantonio amem, que deus o abenoe sempre
may the fire of love grow in our hearts.may the fire of justice guide our steps.may the fire of wisdom illuminate our paths
@lanena_nyc amem, que dios tambien te bendiga
a f  uma conquista difcil, que exige combates dirios para ser mantida
@bhut_solakhe that's life
@annamaria1310 thank you for supporting my work
todos tienen una idea clara de cmo debemos vivir nuestras vidas, pero no tienen ni idea de cmo vivir las suyas
the weak are wicked. goodness can only be expected from the strong.
lord, bless our week. allow us to use our wings - they need some exercise
sunday 1 min reading (hoping that you have been defeated many times...)
 mais fcil amar que ser amado. aceite o amor: ele nao vai ficar esperando para sempre
la vida no se trata de
un guerrero de la luz acepta la derrota. no finge indiferencia, ni intenta transformarla en victoria
curar as feridas e tocar para frente. no  fcil, mas  o jeito
it's true we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives..
#nowlistening atom heart mother (yes, i'm an old hippie)
avoid at all costs those who are only by your side in moments of sadness. what they're actually saying to themselves is: "i am wiser"
s t mismo. no puedes lastimar a la gente con tus decisiones.
fico surpreso ao ver que muita gente gasta uma imensa energia fazendo tudo para ser infeliz
quantas coisas perdemos por medo de perder. (brida)
1 min reading: the story of the pencil &gt;
@khalida100 may god bless us all
@amieladdress thank you salamat!
if you live to please others, everyone will love you except yourself
paz vega and i, santiago de compostela. paz plays one of my girlfriends in the movie based on my life (apr 2014)
 mais fcil amar que ser amado. a natureza humana  mto estranha...
no tendremos que cambiar de amigos si comprendemos que los amigos cambian
@wilsonleeflores gracias! pero descansa, es tarde
aprendi que sin importar lo buena que sea una persona, ella te va a herir de vez en cuando, y t habrs de perdonarla
lord, bless our week. time to leave behind thiings that are not useful and constructive
aprendi que no importa quo boa seja uma pessoa, ela vai feri-lo de vez em quando e voc precisa perdo-la por isto
@juliamavros eu tb. amem!
weekend deal kindle: manuscrito encontrado en accra 3,99 usd (todo el mundo)
us and canada (ebook)
@venkatravikanti: finished  #manuscriptfoundinaccra 3 days ago.what a work by @paulocoelho !!simply astounding.

@mmrafuma:   'the winner stands alone' is not your best work." // most readers share ur opinion, but it was important for me to write it
note: "like a flowing river" can be found everywhere and from today on also in us and can. the previous link are for these countries
life is not about good answers, it is about interesting questions
@susubelieve obrigado '
que antes de despertar o amor nos outros...
@xxlyingfromyou bom dia'
em 20 min, chegando / arriving guimares !
@peregrinoaleman en coche
don't say maybe if you want to say no
in a quiet place, be attentive to the thoughts that emerge from the bottom of your mind
finaliza el rodaje del film sobre la vida del escritor brasileo paulo coelho,
1 min reading: the fisherman and the businessman
@danimal_10:  just finished #aleph. onto #thepilgrimage / where i am now!
all religions point to the same light #caminosantiago
um sorriso custa pouco e vale muito
wanderer, there is no road, you make the road as you go (a.machado)
imagine a place
no abrigo q eu ajudei a construir/ shelter i helped to build #elcamino
we are so attached to our way of life that we turn down opportunities simply because we don't know what to do.
luchar contra cosas que slo pasan con el tiempo es desperdiciar energa
thank you for the great reviews #thealchemist (amazon us)
@shah_kewl done
correr riscos  fundamental. nada  mais importante q experincia
s podemos evitar perigos que conseguimos detectar. mas nem sempre conseguimos (governo, trabalho, "amigos"...)
os livros que meu lado feminino escreveu: "11 minutos" e "na margem do rio piedra eu sentei e chorei"
my new stalker is the person who taught me the meaning of the word "stalker"  &gt;
@sedanick thank you, may god bless your days
@cris_carv e o relogio, ele levou tambem?
@geekerybookclub: the first story about the division between good and evil | paulo coelho's blog
@andersmont: @paulocoelho pisou. //  vrias vezes na vida, + nunca vi estrangeiros agir assim. atacam seus governos, nunca seus pases
@slapdash26 thank you for your information and your support
1:40 min "the legend of narcissus" 
 (read by jeremy irons)
be crazy. but
bienvenido, seor coelho | cultura | elmundo.es
@monikalive isso. mas nao deixem que sequestrem sua opiniao
@eddie_curious @mai_4m totally right!
warriors of light know that no one is stupid and that life teaches everyone - including their enemies...
no matter in how many pieces your heart is broken, the world doesn't stop to fix it
brincando com @hipstamatic  /man in black
voc nunca ser meu e por isso terei voc para sempre" #11minutos
@igor_gregorio acontece que termina sempre sendo uma comitiva oficial.
rio de janeiro, brasil
@anahiimidiva @anahi no tenho idia, nao recebi convite. o que me preocupa  q perdeu meio milho de seguidores
relembro aqui a base cientfica usada por feliciano: a cura  possvel &gt;
os encontros mais importantes j foram combinados pelas almas antes mesmo que os corpos se vejam
@keithpp: @paulocoelho maybe the alchemist will get to no 1 on new york times bestseller list! 
to all who answered my previous tweet: in theory, i could not succeed. 3x in prison, 3x in an asylum, check
there is no reason to spend a single day of your life doing something that you hate. and pls don't blame the kids
protests widen as brazilians chide leaders
warriors of light know that no one is stupid and that life teaches everyone - including their enemies
@deepakchopra you are a great human being who understands love, logic and sense of humour
pano de fundo alterado / twitter background changed
@danielpasin eu vou bem, espero que vc tambm, e que deus abenoe seus passos
dear friend, only today did you arrive at this conclusion? #eureka rt  @deepakchopra love is superior to logic
@loreiro_ conseguiste hoy. un excelente dia
13 yrs + thousands of deaths later:"us/taliban to meet to begin talks to end afghan war @nbcnews
@vitorboldrin como deve ter visto, tenho postado a respeito, inclusive para publico estrangeiro
love your enemy. but don't forget: he is not your friend.
@miraykabbas thank you for your support. may god bless you
los trolls q me "mataran" hoy ni siquiera saben leer mi nombre.se matan otro,  escribirn #bargasliosa rt @chermary me asust
yes rt @mimiff92 @paulocoelho is the pilgrimage based on true story? that book's so awesome. like it :) //
monica, minha agente, "comigo" (julio andrade) em bcn (estao filmando minha vida)
@oswaldofabris cognitivo imortal?
peaceful sunday / domingo de paz
everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives, but none about his or her own
@emanuelapn12 foi para mim. e nao estou curtindo muito
manuscript found in accra recent reviews (amazon us)
once a problem is solved, it's simplicity is amazing
ny times tomorrow
@srlm @raqcozer aqui est minha experiencia real
e quando todos praguejavam contra o frio, eu fiz a cama na varanda! (seixas and coelho)
without any movie! &gt;&gt;&gt;
a f  uma conquista difcil, que exige combates dirios para ser mantida #fato
foto do auditrio (aprox 500 pessoas vibraram com @srlm). a #cld13 devia colocar a palestra inteira online
no importa em quantos pedaos seu corao foi partido; o mundo no pra, esperando que voc o conserte
s t mismo. no puedes lastimar a la gente con tus decisiones.
restaurant la reserve (geneve): you ask for a dry martini they bring you cinzano #pseudochic #expensive
@666666uv may god bless your steps
@abhinme i did try and i totally agree with you, rasoi is a  #greatrestaurant  . but la reserve is total #fail, for "nouveau-riches"
quem ama esperando ser amado de volta est perdendo tempo
prtate mal,
why i am not giving interviews &gt;
nem sempre  suficiente ser perdoado por algum. na maioria das vezes voc tem que perdoar a si mesmo
no tendremos que cambiar de amigos si comprendemos que los amigos cambian
avoid  those who are only by your side in moments of sadness. what they're actually saying to themselves is: "i am  stronger. i am wiser."
@param_07_94 be a channel
rt @pabloamate os dejo "razones para no conceder entrevistas" @paulocoelho 
el guerrero domina el arte del golpe, y el arte del perdn. sabe aplicar las dos con la misma habilidad.
seor, bendice nuestra semana. el sufrimiento, encarado sin temor, es nuestro pasaporte hacia la libertad
@jetzabeel donde vives?
in love with my readers @eelaah: havent read a good book since the last time i read @paulocoelho! #inlovewithhiswork
@csdickey looking forward to read yours! love to you, carol and family
if we believe ourselves  worthy of our dreams , then we become instruments of god
por que no tenho dado entrevistas? resposta &gt;
hundreds of million performing, and a few watching #prism @another1alice:  we are all living in a big reality show
for those not familiar with prism:
@roseguvica obrigado pelo apoio
@reginacase o seu caso est no quesito "amigos que adoro". voce manda, princesa!
rt @ngiwilliams the world revolved around something that only takes 11 minutes. #adefinitemustread //
in english,portugues, espanol "@jess_pinkgirl speechless.rt @paulocoelho: 11 minutes of sex
friday night reading: 11 minutes of sex (in english, portugues, espanol )
@fitokumara totalmente de acuerdo
tudo que acontece 1 vez pode nunca mais acontecer, mas tudo que acontece 2 vezes, certamente acontecer de novo
@jojtop un secret
9 jun: #thealchemist completa 254 semanas no ny times
s  amado e respeitado aquele que se ama e se respeita &gt;
no estoy tan seguro rt @unamorenaza  paulo coelho es paulo coelho.
no permitas que nadie te haga sentir que no mereces las cosas buenas que suceden en tu vida
m.douglas instal la paranoia con comentario idiota. si fuese as, el  90% de hombres y todas las lesbianas tendran cncer de garganta
@mariacparra amem, que dios nos bendiga a todos
@uzakta34 read my timeline
@iavelar
nosferatu
we are the opressor and the opressed&gt; 
sou machista disfarado #cavalheiro rt @alvesalessandra a reportagem da @cynaramenezes me representa! cavalheirismo  machismo disfarado.
o tdio no est no mundo, mas na maneira como vemos o mundo
@mohamedshehab86 @iavelar there is no such a thing as a "better" tear gas
a cultura  intil quando serve apenas para impressionar os amigos.
@drandremansurbh voce  uma pessoa com sensibilidade. tuitei isso hoje pq uma amiga minha ficou mto ferida por crticos.
@evreetime timo ler isso!
@roteirodecinema isso nao acontece nunca. porque nao estao olhando a lampada
what people think of you is none of your business
@dygkln i already rt one tweet, so my followers will know what is going on
cuando nos esforzamos por ser mejor de lo que somos, todo a nuestro alrededor tambin mejora.
no trates de cortar camino, sino de recorrerlo de tal manera que la accin haga ms hermoso el paisaje. #accra
a fonte de tweets / the fountain of tweets
os encontros mais importantes foram combinados pelas almas antes mesmo que os corpos se encontrem #11minutos
thanks rt @atifkhussain: a cheeky pic at @waterstones #manuscriptfoundinaccra
@melfunktion: there's no such thing as reading the alchemist too many times. i feel like it changes/evolves along with one's psyche"
we are so attached to our way of life that we turn down opportunities simply because we don't know what to do.
@dreamwithmalik_ buenos das
@gem5kavi happy birthday!
none of us knows what might happen even the next minute, yet still we go forward. because we trust. because we have faith
don't let anyone make you feel that you don't deserve what you want
@ghadeerelsaghir just read. may you always follow your dreams
more abt the creepy castle i'm staying tonight
place we will sleep tonight ( with some ghosts, of course) / dormiremos hj  aqui (com fantasmas, claro) #espaa
senhor, abenoa nossa semana. que possamos dizer sim medo, e dizer no sem culpa
loneliness / soledad
first communion / primeira comunho #espaa
@bea_beer gracias a dios!
jamas dejes que el habito dirija tus movimientos #maktub
sorry for misspelling manila
no matter in how many pieces your heart is broken, the world doesn't stop to fix it
my tweet to filipinos: another author, i am sure unintentionally, described manilla as "the gates of hell" in his newandsuccessful book
mediterranean
voc nunca ser meu e por isso terei voc para sempre" #11minutos
it's not always enough to be forgiven by someone, in most cases we have to forgive ourselves first
maana / tomorrow: espaa. i will keep you updated
@lala_0046: one complaint about manuscript found in accra ... too short !  @paulocoelho // nice complain!
imagino que j esteja nas livrarias a nova edio
rt @antoniogomez08 lesson to learn today: only mediocrity is sure of itself. manuscript in accra
@villartsontwit may god bless your steps
os doides (1974)...
thank you india!
@supinderjit life and life alone. but the inspiration is from above
por pior que seja o vendaval, num dado momento ele passar.
the reviewer got the central theme of the book: how do we react when everything collapses  
@pabliiramram gracias por las palabras
o que  um milagre?
love your enemy. but don't forget: he is not your friend.
hatred won't get you anywhere, but forgiveness will transform your life in a positive way
adorei o video,  @rafael_freitas_ genuno, carinhoso (nota; era clinton, no bush)
el camino espiritual siempre incluye responsabilidad social. #fact
@aarjay took me 1,75 s  is this ok? thank you for the tool
mudei blog em ingles. no meu browser, carrega lentamente. voces podem dar 1 olhada e postar impressoes?
o sole mio / o meu sol / my sun / mon soleil
lord, bless our week. a life without a cause is a life without an effect
@_sergiocoelho_ albonne, ch, hoje  tarde
nosferatu
las personas que nunca fueron derrotadas son aquellas que nunca lucharon. #manuscritodeaccra
good morning! what is success? &gt;
@katherinefugate dm
@annemagner thank you!
casamento / marriage
i read 11. and you? "50 books that changed the world"
it's true we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives..
basta um comentrio negativo para matar um sonho. no se esquea disso
1974: as a political prisioner in brasil/ como prisioneiro de conscincia no brasil &gt;
el mal nunca triunfa, porque si triunfase se llamara bien #nuncams #videla
@mariadeludhi uma excelente sexta para voce
when the door of happiness closes, another door opens. but often we look so long at the closed one.. we don't see what was open for us
siempre trato de ser original con mis errores &gt;
30 sec reading for tonight: defeat &gt;
i know many people who are going nowhere at an alarming speed
it's better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all
es precisamente en el momento en que todo empieza a ir bien que necesitamos prestar ms atencin.
30 sec reading: the well of madness
50 libros que cambiaron el mundo, ttulos en ingles (cuntos has ledo? ) &gt;
o segredo da felicidade est em olhar todas as maravilhas do mundo, mas nunca se esquecer da sua misso ou do seu objetivo
amor es lo que te hace sonrer cuando ests cansado. #manuscritodeaccra
love. your future depends on your capacity to love
love with no boundaries. your future depends on your capacity to love #havenofear
my prayer/ minha orao / mi oracin &gt;
@jacknuit nenhum problema!
meu comentrio s/a matria na @folha_com o discurso no  esse livro  ruim,  no gostei desse livro &gt;&gt;
evanglicos radicais que vivem atacando a igreja aki esto servindo ao demnio e criando problemas p/evanglicos de boa vontade
@miguelsanchesnt excelente texto, parabns
@raqcozer @ferezabella publico nos prximos cinco minutos
when the lord was creating mothers,  an angel appeared and said:
o maior de todos os pecados: o arrependimento
me rehso a caminar con cuidado por la vida slo para llegar sano y salvo a la muerte
a possibilidade de realizarmos um sonho  o que torna a vida interessante #oalquimista
excelente matria da @raqcozer na fsp: finalmente o leitor  quem manda
manuscript found in accra: most recent review in amazon us ( just read it)
panser ses plaies et repartir! ("le manuscrit retrouv", dans toutes les librairies)
eliminando de minha vida tudo aquilo que me causa stress ou que me tira o sorriso
don't say no if you want to say yes. don't say maybe if you want to say no
what i learned in life is...
what i learned in life is.....(poem about life by paulo coelho ):
@darienramiro @emibeccari gracias
cuando repites un error, ya no es un error: es una decisin
gracias mxico!
um escritor no tenta organizar o caos. muito pelo contrrio
merci! rt @nouhard #lemanuscritretrouv est ce qu'on appelle un chef-d'uvre, un parmi les tiens qui se succdent sans se remplacer
gracias venezolanos!
"more good news on the coelho front!  hitting the best seller lists around the globe"
enemigo no es el que est frente a ti, la espada en la mano. es el que est a tu lado, el pual a sus espaldas
thanks! rt @barbaratercia top 10 thai asia books ...
le manuscrit retrouv:
la beaut ( le manuscrit retrouv) &gt;
il n'y a mi victoire, ni dfaite&gt;
si todo el mundo te ama, algo est mal. nadie puede agradarle a todos
current status: following my dreams, even if that includes going through some nightmares
the yellow sea / o mar amarelo
obrigado, senhor, por esta nova semana. esteja conosco em tudo que fizermos
planning to do some holiday gift shopping today? let our gift guide lead the way
david carr on two hefty new books: 85 years of the oscars and a history of the magazine vanity fair:
bryan cranston likes "mysteries, thrillers and adventures best," not sci-fi - except for philip k. dick. by the book:
donald fagen's memoir reveals he "has changed from an alienated suburban kid into somebody's crabby uncle morty."
robert hilburn's new biography of johnny cash is "a thorough and thoughtful portrait."
from "accursed" to "year zero," the new york times book review's 100 notable books of 2013:
bartlett's familiar black quotations is a "necessary and preternaturally lively new reference book."
an interview with james mcbride, the winner of the 2013 national book award for fiction
ari shavit's "my promised land," about israel, "frequently reads like a love story and a thriller at once."
doris kearns goodwin, amy tan, pat conroy, russell banks, flannery o'connor and more in this week's book review:
pat conroy's "death of santini" is "the story of a son who turns the people closest to him into literary conceits."
denise spellberg "breaks fresh ground" in "thomas jefferson's qur'an."
daniel alarcn, author of "at night we walk in circles," is a writer on the rise in america and his native peru:
dave eggers reviews "want not," the new novel by jonathan miles, and cuts to the chase: "well, i loved this book."
no fairy tale: robert hilburn talks about his new biography of johnny cash:
"double down," about 2012 election, has "provocative scenes - served up with fuzzy sourcing and breezy prose."
clive thompson, dave eggers, randi zuckerberg, twitter, apps, internet police and more. book review's tech issue up now
here are the new york times best illustrated children's books of 2013, with sample artwork from each.
is it right to say that nonfiction is more relevant - or even more "true" - than fiction? join the discussion:
star characters live well more than twice. james bond, jeeves and philip marlowe return in new books:
donna tartt emerges from her writerly cocoon, and julie bosman is there to catch up with the "goldfinch" author:
"i don't like hemingway. and i know i don't love 'ulysses' as much as i am supposed to." donna tartt, by the book:
eleanor catton, 28, becomes youngest winner of man booker prize, for her novel "the luminaries":
oscar hijuelos, who won pulitzer for tale of cuban-american life, dies at 62:
new best-seller lists are up. malcolm gladwell and james patterson among newcomers.
some highlights from the times's coverage of nobel prize winner alice munro over the years:
we asked you to share your first illicit reading experience. you answered in droves. here are some of our favorites:
let's read about sex: writers including geoff dyer, sam lipsyte and jackie collins tell us about working blue.
"i have - by conservative estimate - several hundred novels with 'spy' in the title." malcolm gladwell, by the book:
in new bookends, anna holmes and francine prose on the most erotic books they've read. judy blume and the bible appear:
mark darcy has died, and many bridget jones/helen fielding fans are not happy:
on book review's cover, barbara kingsolver on elizabeth gilbert's "signature of all things," "a winning next act."
karen russell and donald antrim are among this year's recipients of the lucrative macarthur "genius" awards
in "enon," his follow-up to the pulitzer-winning "tinkers," "paul harding's gifts are again everywhere on display."
"miss anne in harlem" is a "remarkable work of historical recovery" about the white women of the harlem renaissance.
sue grafton's 23rd alphabet mystery, "w is for wasted," leads off the latest crime column:
professor says he's identified author of what's thought to be the first novel written by an african-american woman.
nat'l book award fiction list: drury, silber, graver, kushner, mcdermott, pynchon, saunders, lahiri, mcbride, marra
"doctor sleep," stephen king's "shining" sequel, "takes life, aging and death too seriously to be a young man's book"
suzanne collins, of "hunger games" fame, is back with a picture book memoir about home life while a father is at war.
on this week's book review cover, jonathan lethem reviews "bleeding edge," "an exemplary pynchon shaggy-dog novel."
"all of us live in poverty somehow." david schickler discusses his new memoir, "the dark path."
jonathan lethem's "dissident gardens" is "jampacked with the human energy of a crowded subway car."
michiko kakutani reviews thomas pynchon's bleeding edge: "by turns, entertaining and wearisome, energetic and hokey."
dwight garner says nicholson baker's novel traveling sprinkler is "a middling thing with sensational bits."
forgotten ally is rana mitter's "superb" account of how the sino-japanese conflict helped shape modern china.
an uncertain glory "aims to bring the poor to the center of public discussion about india's future."
a packed podcast to accompany the redesign issue: sheri fink, katy butler, george johnson and more:
introducing bookends, tackling provocative literary questions. first up: are novelists too nice to each other?
poe ballantine discusses love and terror on the howling plains of nowhere, his unusual blend of memoir and true crime:
introducing the new back page of the book review: bookends, where each week 2 writers tackle a provocative question:
zo heller and adam kirsch in our 1st bookends discussion: are novelists too wary of criticizing other novelists?
dara horn writes about the "existential possibility" that makes judaism "a religion unusually friendly to writers."
edwidge danticat's "hypnotic prose" is "perfectly suited" to the setting of her new novel, claire of the sea light:
lee child's new novel, never go back, is "full of wild surprises" and "wise about [jack] reacher's peculiar nature."
peter orner's stories "range without straining over a great expanse of time and experience." and 5 more new books:
3 new picture books about the jewish holidays rosh hashana, yom kippur and sukkot:
samantha shannon's debut, bone season, is the first in a planned 7-novel series. janet maslin says it's a slow start:
elmore leonard, who refined the crime thriller, dies at 87.
in his letters, george orwell expounded on weighty topics, "often in terms that still resonate today."
george orwell was a "particularly captivating and thoughtful" letter writer: 
this year's pen literary award winners were announced today:
in shakespeare's messy handwriting, a clue about "the spanish tragedy":
john irving reviews the virgins, pamela erens' "skillfully crafted and dangerous" novel.
javier marias, brenda wineapple, t. e. lawrence, randolph caldecott, caleb crain, pamela erens, and more. new issue up:
on this week's cover, edward st. aubyn on the thrills and skepticism in javier marias's infatuations:
short story written by stieg larsson when he was 17 will be published in english for the first time next year:
paul rudnick reviews david rakoff's "extraordinary and deliriously entertaining" farewell:
"[toni] morrison is like john coltrane. ... she busts through the form." james mcbride, by the book:
vsquez's sound of things falling is a "languid existential noir" that "may put you in mind of paul auster."
david rakoff's final book is "much sunnier and more heartening than it has any right to be."
love of digression in the telling room undermines faith that the main story is strong enough to captivate readers.
william boyd talks about his forthcoming james bond novel
the journalist glenn greenwald, who first reported on documents leaked by snowden, will write a book about the nsa:
michiko kakutani calls j. k. rowling's pseudonymous mystery "way more fun and way more involving" than casual vacancy
turns out a "debut" detective novel written under a pseudonym was actually written by a really, really big deal:
on this week's cover, maureen dowd reviews 2 juicy new books of conversations with orson welles and ava gardner:
pen announces finalists for book prizes, including claire vaye watkins, katherine boo and sergio de la pava:
judge rules against apple, saying it violated antitrust law in helping to set retail price of e-books:
stephen grosz's examined life "shares the best literary qualities of freuds most persuasive work."
jon mooallem's wild ones is an "ambitious and fascinating" book abut the haphazard ways we protect endangered species
"i loved my mother very much, but she kind of ruined the self-help genre for me." dan savage, by the book:
3 new picture books are structured around the unusual characteristics of wombats, bears and sloths.
tolkien's latest posthumous book is "an incomplete but highly compelling retelling" of the arthurian legend.
walter kirn says stephen king's new novel, joyland, is "like a plump wad of cotton candy."
bad monkey is carl hiaasen's "latest comedic marvel"; "he hasnt written a novel this funny since skinny dip."
philipp meyer's the son is a "masterly" texas epic that joins the ranks of "the greatest of historical novels."
janet maslin surveys beach reads by stephen king, carl hiaasen, rebecca lee, kevin kwan and more:
anton disclafanis yonahlossee riding camp for girls is "emotionally engaging"; "summers first romantic page turner"
dwight garner says that with the unwinding, george packer has "written something close to a nonfiction masterpiece."
turn to david sedaris' latest essay collection "for quick, easy diversion and nothing more."
our celebration of proust continues with adam gopnik: "[there is] so much pure charlie brown in the narrators voice"
sam tanenhaus and others discussing proust in special section to mark 100th anniversary of first volume. please join!
tom perrotta reviews the letters of willa cather, which "bring her fuzzy image into much sharper focus."
a look at recently unearthed letters j. d. salinger wrote in his early 20s:
rachel kushner's flamethrowers "puts you in mind of weary-souled visionaries like robert stone and joan didion."
"everyone has shattering experiences." christian wiman talks about my bright abyss:
2 new books on simplicity in biz and gov't "display a lot of common sense"; also "sidestep some of the difficulties."
andrea stuart's sugar in the blood, about the history of both sides of her caribbean family, contains "fiery magic."
william h. gass, mohsin hamid, karl marx, rosa parks, richard hell, andrea stuart and more. new issue is up:
sarah lyall profiles kate atkinson:
mary beth keane's novel fever offers a "tender, detailed portrayal" of the woman known as typhoid mary.
"expertise is the enemy of imagination." aleksandar hemon talks about his new collection of personal essays:
"i probably shouldnt admit this ... but i still prefer reading paper books." sheryl sandberg, by the book:
sam lipsyte's the fun parts is a "gonzo" collection of stories that has an "acidic hilarity."
claire messud says herman koch's novel the dinner, about a family's secrets, is "a clever, dark confection."
two new picture books tell stories about young girls whose bravery and endurance reap great rewards.
andrew solomon reviews sticks and stones, emily bazelon's "intelligent, rigorous" book about the culture of bullying:
janet maslin says ron rash's nothing gold can stay "contains more fine stories than can be done justice here."
mathew henderson's book of poems, the lease, "cuts into its primary subjects like a welders oxyacetylene flame."
"'the great gatsby' has always been a standout as far as love stories go." jackie collins, by the book:
"the feminine mystique is a fascinating mixture of antiquated attitudes and others that have remained unchanged."
a tour of 200 years of radically different covers for "pride and prejudice"
katherine boo shares her reading list for aspiring journalists and more, in this week's by the book:
joseph mitchell is back in the new yorker this week, with a previously unpublished excerpt from an uncompleted memoir:
"saunders hears america singing, and he knows its ridiculous, and he loves it all" gregory cowles on tenth of december
a reissued book about the kitty genovese case raises questions about rereleasing nonfiction after facts have evolved.
jennifer haigh's "fine, enveloping stories" in news from heaven are set in a coal-mining town after its sharp decline.
also on cover this week, max boot's invisible armies, a history of guerrilla warfare that "ranges over a vast terrain."
michiko kakutani says al gore's the future is an "ambitious, drily written" book, "like a snoozy think-tank talk."
sonia sotomayor's "searching and emotionally intimate memoir ... has the power to surprise and move the reader."
hapless tourists, drugs, laughable oldsters and trademarked florida zaniness in new novels by dave barry and tim dorsey:
national book critics circle names 2012 award finalists: ben fountain, lydia millet, zadie smith, katherine boo and more:
blake bailey reviews a "splendid" collection of william styron's letters:
pop culture's paying attention to elizabeth keckley, former slave who became dressmaker and confidante to mary lincoln:
richard blanco, who feels "a spiritual connection" to president obama, named 2013 inaugural poet:
"really guilty pleasures? skimming memoirs by writers i know for gossip about people i know" francine prose by the book
joel lovell's profile of george saunders on the cover of this sunday's new york times magazine:
dwight garner reviews pow!, a "red-toothed fantasia about meat production and meat consumption" by nobel winner mo yan:
jos saramago's first major work, just now appearing in english translation, "resounds with relevance for our own time"
"i love everything about the 'harry potter' franchise." arnold schwarzenegger, by the book:
living with guns says we can move past stalemated politics. philip cook says the problem is, "there is no stalemate."
the second amendment; manchester's churchill; louisa may alcott's mom; madness; brothers; faith. diverse new issue up:
19 choices of the year's best book covers, including flame alphabet, watergate and, of course, a cricket almanac:
two new holiday picture books present the nativity story to young readers:
dwight garner tours manhattan's literary bars, cafes and hotels:
old hollywood, high fashion, ellen forney's marbles, an essay by oliver sacks, children's books and more. new issue is up
authors continue to mine indie rock for book titles:
dwight garner compares the book of gin, by richard barnett, to a "watery well drink":
darin strauss writes about james joyce's influence on three remarkable novels of 2012:
ayana mathis's twelve tribes of hattie, oprah's new pick, has "an epic dimension that recalls toni morrisons writing."
francine prose says always looking, john updike's third and last collection of essays about art, is vivid and eloquent:
from the holiday issue, william grimes reviews some of the season's cookbooks, including jamie oliver's great britain:
big holiday issue of the book review is up online now:
"books, i think, are dead." joe queenan talks about his new memoir, which covers his lifetime of reading:
in buddy, about his family's rooster, brian mcgrory is "able to wring maximum comic effect from the terrible pet genre"
the new york times book review's 100 notable books of 2012:
the new memoir by vogue's creative director, grace coddington, is "splashy, dishy, [and] very giftable."
andrew solomon, ian mcewan, saul steinberg, sherman alexie, eisenhower, applebaum's iron curtain and more. new issue:
"exquisite and terrifying" shots of snakes in the new book by the biologist and photographer nic bishop:
michiko kakutani reviews calvin trillin's book of verse about the presidential election, in verse:
in dan josefson's "mordant, cockeyed" novel, that's not a feeling, "the characters, not the sentences, heat the pages."
p. j. o'rourke doesn't read "bloviation on current events." he says: "i can write that junk myself." by the book:
'tis the season for books by aging rockers. janet maslin says rod stewart's memoir "turns out to be the most fun."
ben fountain and kevin powers discuss their national book award-nominated novels and writing about war:
dwight garner: louise glck collection "is a major event in this countrys literature, perhaps this years most major."
sam tanenhaus on why updike's rabbit redux "remains the most illuminating and prophetic of modern political novels."
jacob tomsky's "heads in beds" is a "highly amusing guidebook to the dirty little secrets of the hospitality trade."
there was a country is chinua achebe's memoir of when nigeria split apart at a cost of more than a million lives. 
janet maslin says justin cronin's second of three vampire novels, "the twelve," is "strictly a gap filler."
"beautiful minds dont always write beautiful books. life isnt fair that way." a review of benoit mandelbrot's memoir:
in back to blood,"tom wolfes achievement, however incomplete, remains buoyant and considerable."
on this week's podcast, robert christgau talks about pete townshend's new memoir and the who:
markus zusak's young-adult best-seller the book thief, set in germany and narrated by death, hits the stage in chicago:
two new picture books, brave squish rabbit and black dog, celebrate showing strength in the face of fear:
jeffrey toobin's the oath is "a lucid, if sometimes highly opinionated, assessment of the roberts [supreme court]."
chris ware, wyclef jean, dennis lehane, the killing of osama bin laden, a bio of brigham young and more. new issue's up:
on the cover of this week's book review, the "complicated splendor" of chris ware's building stories:
new picture books about running late for school and showing up for class wearing the wrong thing:
b. anastas' memoir "is so plaintive and raw that most writers (and many readers) will finish it with heart palpitations."
one mouse travels to antarctica, another  to space in the 2nd of 3 children's books slide shows this week:
chinese author mo yan wins the nobel prize in literature.
junot diaz, robert caro, louise erdrich, katherine boo, anthony shadid among national book award nominees:
pete townshend's memoir who i am is "an earnest, tortured, searching book  by turns eloquent and long-winded."
kevin powers' war novel; irvine welsh's "trainspotting" prequel; pat barker; mark helprin; streisand; and more. new issue
"in the end, it was the useless books i read at college that have stayed with me." jeffrey eugenides, by the book:
quammen's spillover: animal infections and the next human pandemic "makes you dread that sneeze at the back of the bus."
eric j. hobsbawm, historian with a communist resolve, dies at 95:
shani boianjiu discusses her new novel and her time in the israeli defense forces:
michael connelly reviews james m. cain's "lost" novel: "it certainly entertains, but it also disappoints."
by the book with the charming emma thompson, who once thought of hurling michel houellebecq across a room.
"for a long time i did not want to write this book." salman rushdie talks about his new memoir with charles mcgrath:
this week's children's section includes picture books starring dogs, including one who joins a class on a field trip:
toni bentley reviews vagina by naomi wolf: "we cant tell if this is a serious book or a girly-girl, vajayjay book."
squirrels join birds on a trip south in the latest picture book by adam rubin and daniel salmieri:
dwight garner says errol morris's new book "will leave you 85 percent certain that jeffrey macdonald is innocent."
former harper's editor roger hodge hired to lead oxford american:
on the cover of this week's book review, jennifer egan praises michael chabon's telegraph avenue:
blake bailey to write biography of philip roth:
ginger strands killer on the road: "part true-crime entertainment, part academic exegesis, part political folk ballad"
hitchens and orwell on the cover; novels by alice mattison, enrique vila-matas and tan twan eng; crime column. new issue up
breed by chase novak (aka scott spencer) is "a foray into urbane horror...with a malevolent emphasis on family values."
scott lasser's "readable and tidily constructed" new novel stars a man who returns to detroit and decides to stay.
suggest your favorite books set in and around schools to #schoolbooks -- we'll blog some of them this week!
go here to discuss nora ephron's wallflower at the orgy in tonight's meeting of the big city book club:
michiko kakutani on martin amis' latest: "lacks the kinetic energy and raw, edgy poetry of mr. amiss finest work."
martin amis, ira glass, david hockney, charles de gaulle, james joyce, work hours, iran, crime and more. new issue's up:
kathryn harrison reviews martin amis' lionel asbo: "amis is, like dickens, an insistently moral writer."
janet maslin says jonathan tropper's new novel, about a divorced part-time drummer, has a "mile-wide maudlin streak."
dwight garner makes the case for critics. "its at base an act of love. our critical faculties are what make us human."
"ive never seen that many people lined up in archer city." larry mcmurtry held an epic book sale over the weekend.
chandler's philip marlowe set to return in novel written by john banville/benjamin black:
craig brown's hello goodbye hello "reads like a mathematical proof of the theory of six degrees of separation."
steven gimbel's new book considers whether "being jewish just might have given einstein an edge."
pre-eminent military historian john keegan dies at 78:
"i think i would have been a hopeless spy." ben macintyre talks about double cross, his latest book about wwii spies.
dwight garner on the "powerfully strange," "angst-ridden, brainiac metafiction" of joshua cohen's four new messages:
bruce mccall says how to sharpen pencils "deploys formidable resources of what might be termed controlled idiocy."
colson whitehead's 11 rules for writing include: "lose a kidney in a knife fight. youll be glad you did."
alison bechdel used to imagine guiding jane austen around the modern world. then she imagined austen's psychotic break.
new picture books about caring, capable and surprising grandparents. (featuring a granny lamb and granny witch.)
dwight garner on the "vast intellectual junkyard" of nostradamus' work and the much scarier omens of climate change.
amanda bennett's cost of hope is "not a polemic," but details her husband's fight with cancer (and health care system)
more nabokov, as promised. a friend remembers dmitri nabokov and his relationship with his father:
on the cover of this week's br, pico iyer says dave eggers shows some of the "hunger" and "range" of norman mailer.
janet maslin reviews broken harbor by tana french, a "devious, deeply felt psychological chiller."
dwight garner reviews leanne shapton's "pointillistic and quietly profound new memoir," swimming studies.
1 of 2 on cover this week: harriet lane's novel about a woman who insinuates herself into a literary family's life.
@agoodtalk (daniel menaker) reviews sam harris' new book and asks: if we don't have free will, isn't that at least sad?
only click on pamela paul's review this week if you're prepared to see a heartbreakingly cute bear.
barry moser on the college cartoons of flannery o'connor:
in this week's inside the list, best-sellers joseph stiglitz and edward conard debate their views about the income gap:
chris matthews reviews douglas brinkley's "majestic" new biography of walter cronkite:
our take on patrick somerville's new novel had an error of character identification. get full info at bottom of review:
quiet holiday week, but make your voice heard: read this post --
allen c. guelzo's fateful lightning, about the civil war, is "a shining example of the virtues of the macro approach."
this idea got a wide range of twitter responses, from "cool" to "whatever works!" to "depressing" to, um, "vomit."
dan ariely's book about the nature of lying is written "in a conversational style drawn straight from the classroom."
always thought this would do nicely:
dwight garner reviews marcus samuelsson's memoir yes, chef, "one of the great culinary stories of our time."
the memoir of the remarkable polish cavalry officer who voluntarily went to auschwitz.
christopher bram writes about the history of marriage, in one form or another, in gay and lesbian fiction.
3/4 dwight garner toasts new jersey lit, particularly john mcphee's pine barrens:
"i read 'book' books. though im not opposed to e-books. its not a moral issue for me." -richard ford, by the book
a last call for your favorite fake movies in literature:
janet maslin enjoys kings of cool, don winslow's prequel to savages:
charming new picture books about fire-breathers, including "dragons love tacos." of course they do!
michiko kakutani calls dave eggers' hologram for the king "a comic but deeply affecting tale about one mans travails."
dwight garner reviews colm toibin's new collection of pieces about writers and their families:
alexander masters' simon charts a mathematician's "strange journey from prodigy to ... well, to whatever he is now."
"theres nothing i need or want to know from the writers i admire that isnt in their books." john irving, by the book:
novelist jess walter (beautiful ruins) is "a believer in capricious destiny with a fine, freewheeling sense of humor."
ray bradbury, master of science fiction, dies at 91:
thanks to @profofking @levistahl @alex_edelman @meredithnsmith @rohanmaitzen and more for religious fiction choices:
michelle obama, thomas jefferson and a biography of vegetables all appear in this roundup of summer gardening books:
take some time to read toni bentley (and follow her links to glorious clips) about fred astaire and his sister, adele:
reminder: tweet your faves to #religiousfiction and i'll blog a selection next week. reasons, etc., help!
"oddly, at recent book signings ive had readers ask me to autograph their kindles or ipads." -carl hiaasen
get ready for a steady stream of links today from our bountiful summer reading issue!
reviews of books by sadie jones, rosecrans baldwin, laurent binet, emily st. john mandel, varley o'connor and dan zevin
a husband and wife tell the reader conflicting stories in gillian flynn's "ice-pick-sharp" mystery gone girl.
was arthur ransome, author of children's books beloved in britain, a double agent? ken kalfus on the last englishman:
janet maslin surveys several possible books for your beach bag this summer:
@dckogan on the ambitions and fears on display in erich segal's 1985 best seller the class.
harvard's prez says all incoming freshmen should read kathryn schulzs "being wrong." drew gilpin faust: by the book:
andrew blackwell discusses visiting chernobyl and other not-so-hot spots for his new book about polluted places:
"[u]ngainly but at times powerful." michiko kakutani reviews richard ford's new novel, canada:
joe klein on jonah goldberg's latest: "there is a smarty-pants sloppiness that infects even his most astute moments."
"i never wanted to be a writer." a profile of nobel prize winner herta mller.
paul theroux's new novel is "riveting in its storytelling and provocative in its depiction of this african backwater."
tonight from 7 to 10 (eastern), city room will host an online discussion of time and again by jack finney.
carlos fuentes, mexican writer, dies at 83. (nyt obit to follow.)
john irving spoke about sexual attraction at the 92nd street y last night:
christopher benfey reviews john sutherland's "immensely long but fleet-footed" look at the lives of 294 novelists.
motherhood, john irving, crime column, the lives of 294 novelists and a packed children's books section. new issue:
janet maslin says john irving's new novel "entertain[s] and exasperate[s] in equal measure."
michiko kakutani reviews toni morrison's "haunting, slender" home, a "tiny rosetta stone to [her] entire oeuvre."
a review of derby day (epsom derby, that is), dj taylor's new horse racing satire:
in the latest by the book, neil gaiman shares his reading habits:
pamela paul rounds up the best of the season's board books. dinosaurs, bees and hippos, oh my!
janet maslin reviews christopher buckley's latest satirical novel, they eat puppies, don't they?
dwight garner on steve coll's "vast" and "perhaps surprisingly impartial" book about the reach & power of exxon mobil:
it's pigeon vs. duck in a new picture book by mo willems:
janet maslin on seth greenland's comic novel "the angry buddhist," "a fine high-end beach read for election season."
david shields on kevin young's "the grey album," "angular scholarship for whites, a storying songbook for blacks."
"no! pick wallace! that dude is a word ninja! for reals." dan bergstein parodies the pulitzer committee:
on the cover of this week's book review, paul muldoon writes about the 'complete poems' of philip larkin:
lena dunham on her favorite books: "'without feathers,' by woody allen, makes me giggle like a baby."
@lareviewofbooks unveils its new site today:
dwight garner reviews a new history of shariah law that tries to dispel myths and counter fundamentalists:
the times' review of pulitzer poetry winner tracy k. smith's "life on mars."
now that santorum is out, read about the real romney, a new bio of the presumptive nominee:
john irving: "i like sexual outsiders; they attract me, i find them brave, and i fear for their safety."
dwight garner reviews a new book by richard fortey, "equal parts naturalist and poet."
david sedaris: "[i]f i could go back in time, id love to collect kindling or iron a few shirts for flannery oconnor."
janet maslin says impact of a book about a n. korea prison escapee "comes from its nonstop parade of ghastly details."
if you haven't yet, let me know your favorite #baseballreads and i'll share a selection of the answers tomorrow...
dwight garner on reading tyler cowen's new book: "like pushing a shopping cart through whole foods with rush limbaugh."
j. maslin says jim lynch's truth like the sun has "a whiff of that other unclassifiable classic, the movie chinatown."
edward luce, whose book about american decline is reviewed on our cover this week, talks to brian lehrer:
and one by edward luce:
to celebrate baseball's return, we asked times staffers for their favorite books about the sport:
the beats and the 1944 killing of david kammerer:
"i imagined it would be much like the other camping id done, only longer." cheryl strayed discusses her memoir "wild."
two new wordbooks breathe life into the genre:
michiko kakutani reviews the "illuminating" imagine: how creativity works by jonah lehrer:
cheryl strayed's wild, "a breathtaking adventure tale and a profound meditation on the nature of grief and survival."
dwight garner asks readers to submit results of their own art exercises. (he also puts his face in a matchbox.)
reviews of new novels by olen steinhauer, j.g. ballard and more:
"this book is as loose and sexy and dark as an early lucinda williams song." dwight garner on cheryl strayed's "wild."
harold bloom reviews marina warner's "stranger magic: charmed states and the arabian nights"
kathryn harrison reviews jeanette winterson's "unconventional and winning" memoir on this week's cover:
jennifer schuessler on the controversial work of a linguist:
3/3 adam sternbergh on the return of mark leyner and his new novel, "the sugar frosted nutsack."
pamela paul on two new picture books in which the big bad wolf is not so bad:
new picture books about two ancient traditions  yoga and the hunt  teach kids about cultivating inner harmony:
carol anshaw's "beautifully observed" novel charts the emotional fallout from a car accident.
@dwightgarner on jeanette winterson's "singular and electric...raucous" memoir why be happy when you could be normal?:
random house to celebrate updike's birthday with reissues:
michiko kakutani reviews thomas byrne edsall's "the age of austerity: how scarcity will remake american politics"
comrades, optimize!! andrew meier's review of francis spufford's "red plenty," "by turns learned and lyrical."
slate introduces a new book review that will "take over" the site once a month:
william gay, novelist influenced by flannery o'connor and cormac mccarthy, dies at 70:
"[a] rich, quietly artful novel that is bound for deep water." janet maslin on amber dermont's "the starboard sea":
1/2 "hartford could probably rival the haight-ashbury district as a wellspring of psychedelic imagery  thanks, in large part, to one man."
steven heller reviews new books about textile design, calligraphy and children's picture books:
novelist tom mccarthy "takes on gaddiss challenge of keeping track of a vertiginous sequence of interlocking lives."
a review of eyal press' "beautiful souls," a study of four people that considers the source of moral courage:
patricia o'brien's sixth novel was rejected by 13 publishers. then o'brien changed her name:
a new historical memoir about the civil rights movement for young readers:
candace bushnell to visit the big city book club to discuss dawn powell today:
nathan englander, the louvin brothers, the philippine-american war, the obamas' marriage and more. new issue up:
preview of this sunday's book review: stacy schiff on nathan englander's new collection of stories:
2/3 "st. aubyn is  a man whose savoir-faire is to be trusted ... on which fork to use or what to do when you miss a vein in the dark."
@dwightgarner on francis spufford's red plenty: "[u]nlike the soviet dream, delivers on every promise."
edward st. aubyn discusses his new novel, at last, with @leonardlopate:
trea martyn's "bewitching and original ... exquisite" book about gardens meant to impress queen elizabeth i:
the "other" elizabeth taylor was a british novelist who "wrote with great sympathy" about silently suffering women.
charles murray and the onion's baratunde thurston quiz each other about racial identity. revealing and hilarious:
michiko kakutani: nathan englander's new book "showcases [his] extraordinary gifts as a writerand his liabilities."
prolific british sci-fi writer john christopher dies at 89:
john h. davis, chronicler of kennedys and others, dies at 82
charles murrays coming apart: the state of white america
no one is here except all of us, ramona ausubels fablelike novel
tony judt reviews his lifes journey
the letters william s. burroughs wrote at the height of his success
the night swimmer, by matt bondurant
up front
books of the times: christopher brams eminent outlaws, on american gay writers
books of the times: in our prime: the invention of middle age, by patricia cohen
children's books: children in paris
books of the times: the kama sutra, newly translated
artsbeat: long wharf cancels stage version of 'sophie's choice'
on education: dr. seuss book, mulberry street, turns 75
reconsidering the genius of gertrude stein
scotty bowers and his sexual tell-all of old hollywood
i know who you are and i saw what you did - social networks and the death of privacy - by lori andrews - book review
jack holmes and his friend - by edmund white - book review
up front
artsbeat: graphic books best sellers: life at a paranormal bureau
books of the times: ryan boudinots novel blueprints of the afterlife
charla krupp, self-help author on womens looks, dies at 58
doubt cast on death threat that kept rushdie from festival
books of the times: what it was and chalk girl, crime novels - review
life sentences - literary judgments and accounts - by william h. gass - book review
the flame alphabet - by ben marcus - book review
an available man - by hilma wolitzer - book review
the lives of margaret fuller - a biography - by john matteson - book review
tbr: inside the list
artsbeat: graphic books best sellers: x-men take over top spot
books of the times: new york diaries: 1609 to 2000 - review
books of the times: gods jury by cullen murphy - review
children's books: baby brothers
books of the times: the real romney, by michael kranish and scott helman  review
editorial | sunday observer: the whirling sound of planet dickens
american nietzsche  by jennifer ratner-rosenhagen  book review
artsbeat: book review podcast: nietzsche bewitches america and the science of middle age
in our prime - the invention of middle age - by patricia cohen - book review
children's books: the tenacity of hope
tbr: inside the list
zombie poetry takes on a life of its own
books of the times: the orphan masters son by adam johnson - review
artsbeat: page-turners for the presidential campaign
books of the times: the last holiday: a memoir by gil scott-heron - review
books of the times: the obamas by jodi kantor - review
kayak morning - reflections on love, grief, and small boats - by roger rosenblatt - book review
crime: politics as blood sport
the anointed - evangelical truth in a secular age - by randall j. stephens and karl w. giberson - book review
tbr: inside the list
the sounding of the whale  by d. graham burnett  book review
books of the times: sometimes there is a void  by zakes mda  review
books of the times: american dervish  by ayad akhtar  review
simon doonans eating guide for gay and straight
walter dean myers: ambassador for young peoples literature
simms taback, writer and illustrator of childrens books dies at 79
haiti - the aftershocks of history - by laurent dubois - book review
roger williams and the creation of the american soul - church, state, and the birth of liberty - by john m. barry -
salvage the bones - by jesmyn ward - book review
paperback row
essay: liu xiaobos plea for the human spirit
books of the times: forgotten land by max egremont - review
books of the times: death comes to pemberley by p. d. james - review
artsbeat blog: e-reader help from new york public library
queen of america - by luis alberto urrea - book review
nonfiction chronicle: bears, dolphins and the animal stories we tell
man seeks god  by eric weiner  book review
up front
artsbeat blog: book review podcast: what literature owes the bible
domestic lives: jonathan ames: the mess im in
artsbeat blog: book that became hit french film to be released in u.s.
t magazine: the giving spree | jeffrey eugenides
novelties: online textbooks aim to make science leap from the page
children's books: bookshelf: voyages
fiction chronicle
paperback row
artsbeat blog: for richard dawkins, traditional christmas carols trump atheism
books of style: surprising histories, with drinks
artsbeat blog: spending an afternoon in christopher hitchens's hospital-room-turned-office
books of the times: blue notes in black and white by benjamin cawthra  review
new books from paul theroux, roberto bolao and jeffrey zaslow
the pour: four reasons to turn the pages - the pour
op-ed contributor: amazons jungle logic
books of the times: mrs. nixon: a novelist imagines a life, by ann beattie - review
british poet christopher logue dies at 85
love goes to buildings on fire  five years in new york that changed music forever  by will hermes  book
on poetry: the solitudes  by luis de gongora  book review
artsbeat blog: book review podcast: cbgb and condoleezza rice
editors choice
essay: anarchist anthropology
books of the times: look, i made a hat, stephen sondheim lyrics - review
africas new fashion influence
elisabeth young-bruehl, who probed roots of ideology and bias, dies at 65
books of the times: love goes to buildings on fire, by will hermes - review
off the shelf: ajax dilemma looks at fundamental fairness
gardening
puppet - an essay on uncanny life - by kenneth gross - book review
children's books: bookshelf: nativity
holiday books: album covers
artsbeat blog: book review podcast: 100 notable books of 2011
fearing climate changes effects on the adirondacks
books of the times: unreal estate, by michael gross - review
10 best books of 2011
feed me: pop-up cafe for alices tea cup  feed me
for bibliophiles, titles of distinction
books of the times: the last testament: a memoir by god - review
free ride  by robert levine  book review
and so it goes - kurt vonnegut: a life - by charles j. shields - book review
pacific crucible  war at sea in the pacific, 1941-1942  by ian w. toll  book review
parallel stories - by peter nadas.translated by imre goldstein - book review
essay: what muncie read
books of the times: the drop, by michael connelly - review
artsbeat blog: clues to raymond chandler's life and career in sale of his books and papers
100 notable books of 2011
artsbeat blog: first play by nathan englander postponed from public theater season
the prague cemetery - by umberto eco - book review
crime: sue graftons v is for vengeance and other crime books
room for improvement - notes on a dozen lifelong sports - by john casey - book review
remedy and reaction - the peculiar american struggle over health care reform - by paul starr - book review
editors choice
artsbeat blog: graphic books best sellers: twin sightings
artsbeat blog: newly surfaced tagore manuscript up for auction
artsbeat blog: celebratory night for the book world
childrens books: days and nights at the museum
artsbeat blog: jeff kinney's favorite books from childhood
barbara grier, publisher of lesbian books, dies at 78
london under - the secret history beneath the streets - by peter ackroyd - book review
the sense of an ending - by julian barnes - book review
up front: errol morris
a train in winter  by caroline moorehead  book review
artsbeat blog: graphic books best sellers: world's apart
artsbeat blog: errol morris interviews stephen king
the great big book of horrible things, by matthew white
artsbeat blog: a new edition of betsy-tacy greets fans, old and new
books of the times: my long trip home, by mark whitaker - review
books from donald rumsfeld and dick cheney
scenes from village life - by amos oz.translated by nicholas de lange - book review
1q84  by haruki murakami. translated by jay rubin and philip gabriel  book review
tbr: inside the list
essay: lionel trillings life of the mind
st. marks bookshop in the east village gets rent reduction
childrens books: gifts from the gods, treasury of greek mythology, review
link by link: a london bookstore sells clip art in an online world
midnight rising - john brown and the raid that sparked the civil war - by tony horwitz - book review
james madison - by richard brookhiser - book review
paperback row
artsbeat blog: book review podcast: frank rich discusses the career of pauline kael
books of the times: pulphead, by john jeremiah sullivan  review
larry haun, the carpenters carpenter
food stuff: martha stewart revisits entertaining
books of the times: i want my mtv, by craig marks and rob tannenbaum - review
books of the times: caitln r. kiernan, geoff ryman and tim powers tales  review
books of the times: steve jobs by walter isaacson - review
deng xiaoping and the transformation of china - by ezra f. vogel - book review
my song  by harry belafonte with michael shnayerson  book review
nanjing requiem  by ha jin  book review
visuals: the design of symbols
tbr: inside the list
the impact of deng xiaoping, beyond tiananmen square
rin tin tin  by susan orlean  book review
books of the times: damned by chuck palahniuk - review
julian barnes wins the man booker prize
books of the times: journals of spalding gray, edited by nell casey - review
artsbeat blog: she coulda been a contender: national book award finalist withdraws after mistake
children's books: bookshelf: night
young adult : the apothecary  by maile meloy  illustrated by ian schoenherr  book review
is the brain good at what it does?
crime: crime  mystery novels by james lee burke, s. j. rozan, ruth rendell and john connolly  book review
editors choice
artsbeat blog: graphic books best sellers: double dipping
dynasts of the daily press
mildred savage, author of parrish, dies at 92
t magazine: bookshelf
artsbeat blog: finalists named for national book awards
artsbeat blog: amy winehouse's father signs deal to write book about her
books of the times: in gunfight, adam winkler traces the gun-control battle
essay: getting out of debt? its childs play
death in the city of light  by david king  book review
boundaries - by elizabeth nunez - book review
the night circus - by erin morgenstern - book review
artsbeat blog: book review podcast: steven pinker's 'better angels of our nature'
you are an ironman  by jacques steinberg  book review
artsbeat blog: random house in joint effort on politics
artsbeat blog: jobs biography expedited
books of the times: the cats table, by michael ondaatje  review
julia childs mastering the art of french cooking joins e-book revolution
editors choice
artsbeat blog: book on strauss-kahn incident planned
off the shelf: after moneyball, data guys are triumphant
the swerve - how the world became modern - by stephen greenblatt - book review
gustav mahler - by jens malte fischer - book review
the forgotten waltz - by anne enright - book review
among the wonderful  by stacy carlson  book review
artsbeat blog: graphic books best sellers: school tensions
currents | books: in chewed, dog toys loved to pieces
artsbeat blog: 'little miss sunshine' and 'american psycho' musicals get starry new york readings
books of the times: boomerang by michael lewis - review
john lithgows memoir drama: an actors education
the sibling effect  by jeffrey kluger  book review
adventures in the orgasmatron  by christopher turner  book review
a contest for supremacy  by aaron l. friedberg  book review
noticed: the image of marilyn monroe is everywhere  noticed
tbr: inside the list
artsbeat blog: book review podcast: tour's 'who's afraid of post-blackness?'
media decoder: arnold schwarzenegger to publish memoir next year
artsbeat blog: rating the no. 1's: 'wonder woman,' 'nightwing' and more
children's books: girls who dress up
macarthur foundation announces winners of genius awards
artsbeat blog: rediscovered novel by 'mildred pierce' author will be released
books of the times: ron suskinds confidence men focuses on obama - review
the golden empire  by hugh thomas  book review
is marriage for white people?  by ralph richard banks  book review
essay: the childrens authors who broke the rules
young adult: the fingertips of duncan dorfman - by meg wolitzer - book review
noon - by aatish taseer - book review
up front: imani perry
artsbeat blog: on the phone with maurice sendak
books of the times: driving home, by jonathan raban - review
books of the times: joe mcginnisss the rogue, on sarah palin - review
artsbeat blog: another day, another odd literary collectible for sale: j. k. rowling's boots
artsbeat blog: thinking cap: understanding dostoyevsky courtesy of woody allen
artsbeat blog: bourdain to get his own line of books
arab springs: the missing martyrs  by charles kurzman  book review
the art of fielding - by chad harbach - book review
editors choice
the girl in the polka-dot dress  by beryl bainbridge  book review
birds of paradise  by diana abu-jaber  book review
op-ed contributor: when quoting verse, one must be terse
currents | books: design sponge at home by grace bonney
scott snyder writes a new swamp thing for dc comics
big city book club: big city book club | 'let the great world spin'
tango - my childhood, backwards and in high heels - by justin vivian bond - book review
the persistence of the color line  by randall kennedy  book review
sleeping with the enemy: coco chanels secret war  by hal vaughan  book review
cocktail hour under the tree of forgetfulness - by alexandra fuller - book review
editors choice
artsbeat blog: graphic books best sellers: bloody wolverines, vampires and baked goods
book-loving city forgoes free ones for a week
children's books : children's books - 'bailey' - written and illustrated by harry bliss - review
artsbeat blog: thinking cap: when foul language brings fouls
artsbeat blog: i me mine: the beatles and their pronouns
the magician king - by lev grossman - book review
redeemers - by enrique krauze - book review
up front: dan kois
essay: essay - a veteran baseball novel comes off the bench - by matt weiland
editors choice
books of the times: the leftovers by tom perrotta - review
artsbeat blog: thinking cap: the seemingly persistent rise of plagiarism
news analysis: fairies, witches and supply and demand
are all of our leaders mad?
young adult: shakespeare and austen, updated
children's books : middle school mischief
paperback row
fiction chronicle
book review: steve brills report card on school reform
t magazine: off the shelf | the wanderings of odysseus
as the gavels fell: 240 years at old bailey
artsbeat blog: philip glass to write memoir
artsbeat blog: adapting patti smith's 'just kids' for the big screen
books on science: sandy shoreline hugs that may not last forever
romantic mischief in 1930s manhattan
love, the many-splendored emotion
okeeffe and stieglitz: intimacy at a distance
paperback row
nonfiction chronicle
nina sankovitch, allaying grief through books
books of the times: one nation, still divisible by race
literary lions, by their cubs
critics notebook: making rare appearance: people and their appetites
movie review | the help : the maids now have their say
artsbeat: times books to publish account of british hacking scandal
artsbeat: bravo's andy cohen plans memoir
books of the times: one mans gluddle-luddle is anothers squoosh squoosh
our spy war with china
tracking somali pirates to their lair
paperback row
crime: grimm lessons
books of the times: in the fast company of women on the edge
the art of summer: the words we live by
books of the times: upheaval and hope in a land of turmoil
the mechanic muse: the jargon of the novel, computed
know thyself: easier said than done
the age of anti-serious seriousness
paperback row
shortcuts: options for self-publishing proliferate, easing the bar to entry
artsbeat: linda ronstadt writing a memoir
a publisher plays coy with book release
childrens books: pirate picture books ahoy!
george lascelles, lord harewood, dies at 88; wrote opera reference
artsbeat: thinking cap: legal empathy
books: their zeal changed lives, if not the system
books of the times: no vaccine for agony from viral e-mail
travels north of the amazon
a picaresque of the gold rush
sigmund freuds cocaine years
up front: introducing geoff dyers new column
artsbeat: book review podcast: 'inside scientology'
newly released books
books of the times: the lure of cocaine, once hailed as cure-all
artsbeat: langella to drop names in memoir
books of the times: a captivity no novelist could invent
a melancholy werewolfs existential howl
why is contemporary art addicted to violence?
childrens books: how to be a bicultural schoolgirl
is there a perjury epidemic?
up front: laura kipnis
the hot list | books: a great guide (apologies to its author)
artsbeat: a single pleasure ere summer fades
currents | books: a history of design gets an update
motherlode: motherlode book club: 'origins'
theodore roszak, 60s expert, dies at 77
artsbeat: reader in crisis: a plea for help
tracing the color line on the playing field
the imaginary rock star
editors choice
ren blum: life of a dance master
paperback row
exhibition review: shakespeare folios as venerated relics
the fans own the magic
artsbeat: thinking cap: the zoot suit: statement of style or protest?
josh ritters novel of appalachia
the not quite unhappy marriage
a novel of race and road rage
tbr: inside the list
paperback row
artsbeat: book review podcast: a pacifist in the family
down to the sea again, impersonating writers
books of the times: on a fools mission in a dying colonial world
books of the times: sticky fingers, used in service of a covetous nature
off the shelf: lessons in communication, for newspapers themselves
books of the times: money may not buy you love, but it might help you land a spouse
love and real estate in south asia
hsker ds propulsive liberation
a primer on pakistan
the american jihadis
up front: introducing the mechanic muse
artsbeat: digital platform introduced for scholarly work to reach readers more quickly
e. m. broner, jewish feminist, dies at 83
childrens books: farm books that sing
a. whitney ellsworth, first publisher of new york review, dies at 75
artsbeat: a novel about bullying from 50 cent
artsbeat: 'hobbit' cast adds evangeline lilly, dame edna and sherlock holmes
when women lost the vote
escaping hitler, cracking up in l.a.
essay: im o.k., youre a psychopath
a writers estate to yield $150,000 literary prizes
editors choice
magazine preview: storyseller
books of the times: need a kidney? a skull? just bring cash
fit for lifes challenges
childrens books: picture books about the backyard
artsbeat: samuel l. jackson gives voice to 'go the ____ to sleep'
reason seen more as weapon than path to truth
artsbeat: carole king to tell her story in memoir
patrick leigh fermor, travel writer, dies at 96
a novel as big as america
the unhappiness project
sleeping with the gestapo
up front: lydia davis
artsbeat: graphic books best sellers: a slice of real life
artsbeat: hitchens on the art of the feud
at home with tom mcneal: an imagination with built-ins
summer reading: visuals
young adult: a girl and her ghost
books of the times: freewheeling essays, to be consumed with a cocktail
off the shelf: fresh tomatoes for inner cities
books of the times: an affair, a murder, a sensation
silent slugger
of writers and boxers
books: the books of summer, awaiting your armchair
an enthusiasts guide to the tabloid murder
childrens books: when new york city went dark
artsbeat: a rant of his own: v.s. naipaul takes on women writers
books of the times: crunch the numbers; solve a famous murder
books of the times: will perilous trek to amazon reveal heart of darkness?
artsbeat: comic book math: dc to renumber series, starting again with no. 1
e-business is the buzz at book fair
editors choice
artsbeat: sony says 'dragon tattoo' trailer was probably pirated in u.s. theater
rebirth of a poet
book review: how paris created america
noah webster, founding father
washington and wall street: the revolving door
books of the times: a lifetime of anxiety and lust
dick wimmer, whose persistence got him published, dies at 74
raising children is heck
artsbeat: graphic book best sellers: star-crossed romance
a new york jewish girl becomes an islamist
ann packers unhappy heroines
paperback row
essay: the case for self-publishing
consciousness: the great illusion?
books of the times: roaming the streets, taking surreal turns
artsbeat: philip roth wins man booker international prize in disputed decision
artsbeat: see me, feel me, touch me, read me: harpercollins lands pete townshend memoir
artsbeat: video: rob lowe on writing his memoir
edna obriens elemental fiction
children's books: the time travel gene
children's books: scarier than senior year
childrens books: an outsiders comeback
up front: christopher hitchens
artsbeat: book review video: jane goodall
at 100, still a teacher, and a jokester
artsbeat: joyce carol oates updates her 'widow's story'
nurturer of authors is closing the book
a midsummer nights dream, retold in san francisco
what shostakovich was really expressing
paperback row
crime: the departed
paul allen: microsoft and me
pogue's posts: al gore invents a showpiece e-book
books of the times: hired killer, forced out of retirement, says hello again to an old adversary
artsbeat: rick riordan's favorite childhood books
december #eresourceofthemonth: state papers online, 1509  1714. available in the reading rooms.
@ivovdb aww thanks :) #blblushing
the business and ip 2 reading room on floor 2 at st pancras is closing on 7 december. more information here:
@tweetingbogart it's probably best to check with newspapers@bl.uk
@rosalindgoates glad you enjoyed it!
library acquires two #javanese palm leaf manuscripts of the 'carita yusup'. new @blasia_africa blog post:
new blog: historic #heston at the british library.
if you are vising the library this week, make sure you check out our pop-up #blchristmas  on the piazza.
#manuscriptmonday's word is 'cornerpiece'. metal plaques used to protect the corners of the boards of a binding.
'bawdy and elegant in equal measure' - @paddygrant previews his georgian menswear talk on @styledotcom
author of 'little women', louisa may alcott, was born #onthisday in 1832. ever thought about adopting it?
@georgiangroup thanks for the tweet!
want to use phd theses in your research? join our free webinar on 10 dec to learn about ethos.
#onthisday in 1922, howard carter peeked into tutankhamuns tomb. visit @bnarchive to read about this magical moment.
@victorianlondon it should be 1889 and will be amended asap. thanks for letting us know!
@mickyvickie great pic!
listen to #blgeorgians curator moira goff chatting with @robertelms yesterday on @bbclondon949 on how to be georgian
fancy a sumptuous evening of decadent pleasure and entertainment? book now: #blgeorgianslate.
hi @maryanosman, for info regarding newspaper collection access please see
hi @victorianlondon, will investigate and let you know!
as 'selfie' is @oxfordwords #wordoftheyear, tweet us a #blselfie of yourself in the library's public areas (where photography is allowed)!
irresistible stocking fillers from the @bl_shop -
great opportunity to work for one of our european partners: editorial and pr officer, c. / 31k pa, london/the hague
starting a phd in social science? our #doctoralopendays on dec 2 and 13 will show you how to access our collections.
@andyfrlng no :). #mozart's father was born in 1719 and #beethoven's in 1740.
4 million #readingroom items were accessed last year. how can you support the repair of these items?
guest @bl_creative blog post by @hannah_greig: the beau monde: fashionable society in georgian london.
@bfhouse look forward to seeing you!
great #booklovers christmas gifts available from the @bl_shop, including jewellery and ereader cases.
one of our @bl_labs winners presents his sample generator on our digital scholarship blog
the british library newspaper library at colindale closes today. see
#blgeorgians opens tomorrow! for a sneak peek, make sure you check out the exhibition trailer:
the british library newspaper library at colindale closes 8 nov 2013. see
the library invites applications from uk he institutions to participate in 3 collaborative doctoral awards in music.
our new #endangeredarchives blog features new collections from cameroon, india, vietnam, libya, colombia and mongolia
happy #diwali! this image shows a woman lighting a lamp in a little niche at a street corner.
major digital project to make 1250 british library hebrew manuscripts freely available online.
visit our youtube channel to see @bbcarabics afaq programme on our digitisation project with the @qf. #gulfhistory
hi @tomquilty for more information, please see
hi @sandradartnell, can you let us know what event you are referring to?
new #bldigital blog post about #offthemap competition winners -
poet and writer #tedhughes died #onthisday in 1998. has the library uncovered one of his earliest recordings?
important information: all reading rooms are open as normal today.
mt @_americas: the earliest surviving printed book from north america (and no, it's not the bay psalm book):
rt @blenglish_drama: #emilydickinson open access archive: enigmatic dickinson revealed online
tickets still available: theatre critic @lyngardner hosts a debate on repertory and ensemble theatre past and present.
congrats to pudding lane productions for winning #offthemap - find out how videogaming met cartography here:
have you read daljit nagra's 'my ramayana' article yet?
florence nightingale left for scutari #onthisday in 1854. read about her departure on the @bnarchive blog.
mark the end of #nationalchocolateweek with an advert from j. s. fry and sons, the oldest chocolate firm in britain.
due to a network upgrade, there may be disruptions to our st pancras wi-fi and reading room services on sunday 20 oct. apologies in advance.
the lindisfarne gospels - back on display in @britishlibrary's free treasures gallery after hugely successful @gospelsdurham exhibition
mt @bnarchive: #chopin died #onthisday in 1849. here's a newspaper report from 1849 about the 'poet of the piano'
rt @blpressoffice - new images of the hajj from c.1907 revealed @guardian showing life in mecca and views of medina
poet ee cummings was born #onthisday in 1894. reading his poetry has been likened to cubist painting. find out why
fed up with modern medical remedies?
@britishlibrary is partner of the europeana newspapers project. read more about our role here:
bbc news - alice munro wins nobel prize for literature
how durable are victorian bookbindings? find out in our latest @bl_collcare blog post.
beautiful @timeoutlondon gallery of our new #blpicturethis exhibition including paddington, willy wonka and peter pan
this week's #manuscriptmonday word is herbal'. a text dealing with plants and their properties, often medicinal.
do you browse our collections using our interactive maps and timelines? we'd love to know what you think of them:
rt @blmedieval it's a busy life in camelot -
@robertsharp59 hi, the best thing to do is to email your enquiry to newspaper@bl.uk
rt @bl_creative: free webinar series for creative businesses. includes planning, marketing, pricing/costing and brand.
are you a new phd student? our doctoral open days will help you make the most of our collection.
today's #manuscriptmonday word of the week is 'allegory'.
did you know that the 20th anniversary of the international dunhuang project is fast approaching?
#janeausten ring to stay in uk via @bbcnews
what is parchment and how do our conservators treat parchment collection items?
our first #manuscriptmonday word of the week is illumination.
hidden map discovered in 17th century portrait via @blmaps blog
yet another stunning manuscript is now available on our digitsed manuscripts website. more info on @blmedieval blog.
thank you again for everyone's cooperation with yesterday's fire drill.
find out how a phd student used the library's collections to research longitude in the 18th century.
@natlibscot puts tiny books on display in new exhibition of miniature books via @bbcnews -
new @blmedieval blog post - dogs: medieval man's best friend
@sarahluv81 you will need to complete a membership form which is available online -
@sarahluv81 if the time slot has sold out then you won't be able to come at that time. we still have tickets available tomorrow...
please pre-book tickets for #blpropaganda as we anticipate a capacity audience for the final day.
in mid-sept 1931, #gandhi arrived in britain to campaign for indian independence.
new #blpropaganda blog post: the geography of not-knowing and the history of ignorance -
thank goodness for propaganda! ruth fox @hansardsociety on the positive effects of propaganda
we're thrilled that beyond the frame, our project with @openuniversity, has been nominated for @timeshighered award -
#blpropaganda's ian cooke reflects on last week's speakers corner debates.
@scat4230 hi, we've just tried accessing it on ie and chrome and it appears to be working ok. maybe try it again? thanks
which new bl services would be most useful to you as a researcher? let us know by completing a short survey:
last days of #blpropaganda the best times to come this week are wed-fri. please book your tickets in advance.
did you know that #boccaccio is 700 this year? find out about the celebrations and our  forthcoming boccaccio day.
queen elizabeth i was born #onthisday in 1533. did you know that she was a keen advocate of #royalpropaganda?
new gifts to inspire #writers @bl_shop
buy online:
today's speakers' corner debate: can propaganda ever serve public interest? if so, where should the line be drawn and by whom? #blpropaganda
from speakers corner to super family sunday, check out #whatson at the library this week:
take a stand; be heard! speakers corner is coming to the library between the 2 - 5 sept.
we are sad to hear that nobel laureate #seamusheaney had died aged 74.
@santiagoecomm unfortunately not. however, you'll be able to watch the live webcast here:
philosopher john locke was born #onthisday in 1632. his political theories included the two treatises of government.
new #collectioncare blog post: beware of the bookie monster...
new old english manuscripts and images uploaded to our catalogue of illuminated manuscripts.
our latest @bl_creative blog post explores the unique collection items on show in our recent #hiddentreasures tours.
rt @soundarchive: recording the sounds of nature - six questions with jay-dea lopez
check out part 2 of our #socialscience ipod generation blog post - when did we ever have it so good?
attending one of our @collectiontrust #hiddentreasures tours today? let us know what intriguing and unusual items you encounter!
rt @blmedieval: athelstan was the first king to rule all england. was this one of his own books?
mt @blmedieval: 21:00 tonight, bbc four, michael wood on king athelstan, filmed in part at the library -
lunchtime talk on 21 aug @12.30: the brother gardeners: botany, empire and the birth of obsession -
new #blpropaganda blog post: #propaganda in the librarys canadian photographic collection -
rt @bipc: we've got lots of great workshops coming up this week and a free webinar this afternoon -
new #blpropaganda blog: gert and daisy on the kitchen front: celebrity, humour and public opinion in the #secondworldwar-
our wifi speed is now back to normal levels  apologies to those who experienced difficulties with the service over the last couple of days.
apologies to anyone who had trouble with our wifi connection around lunchtime today - we're working on it and hope to have an update soon.
our new #endangeredarchives blog post highlights latest collections available on the eap website -
on the 14 aug 1834, the poor law amendment act was passed, introducing the workhouse system. find out more -
mt @sciencebl happy 95th birthday to fred sanger - twice the recipient of the #nobelprize for chemistry -
@_drew_ you can turn up on the day but tickets are issued with timed entry slots. #blpropaganda
thanks to everyone who took part in our #blpropaganda retweet competition. we've just dm'd the winner so please check your messages!
rt @sciencebl what happened when science, art, comedy and puppets collided at the british library?
did you know that when paper is badly degraded, conservators often wash it? more on our collection care blog -
the cats of canada for world cat day!
our latest @bl_european blog post examines propaganda in 1970s #poland -
new social science blog post - resources for women's and gender studies at the british library.
#alexanderfleming was born on the 6 aug 1881.this graph shows the effect of penicillin on its first patient.
did you know that the famous townley #homer, dating from 1059, is now available on our digitised manuscripts website?
rt @sciencebl: our latest science blog post explains our role in making research data visible, accessible and citable -
if you are in the library today, make sure you check out our free #benjaminbritten exhibition!
translation of giacomo leopardi's zibaldone published
#familyevents next week: illuminated letters, a creative artist-led workshop. ideal for artistic types and book lovers!
new blog post: a perspective on digital scholarship at the british library
how about a calendar page for august 2013?
@hartleychrisj hi chris, you may be able to find books, reports etc on crowd verbal abuse on
@smilemonth  any recommendations? new blog post from @untoldlives: smiling with dead mens teeth
@margaretatwood makes opera debut
to mark #internationaltigerday here's a roaring collection of panthera tigris images.
our latest science blog post explores the value of data and the role of datacite. find out more
#georgebernardshaw was born #onthisday in 1856. do you know which of his plays was adapted into a 1956 theatrical musical?
the children's book offering hope for the displaced children of syria
mt @blmedieval guess the manuscript v!
french writer alexandre dumas was born #onthisday in 1802. find out more
mt @blasia_africa see our latest blog post for an illustrated #fairytale romance from 18c india.
rt @bl_pac new collection care blog post on how #digitisation has influenced conservation at the british library
our recent #blpropaganda #socialmedia event 'new democracy or mass deception'  is now available as a podcast:
#onthisday 1872 the lib. gov. introduced voting by secret ballot - an idea proposed by chartists over 40 yrs earlier:
the newspaper library at colindale is closed today owing to a fault with the fire alarm. it will re-open at 10am tomorrow (thu)
how do you care for a 1300 yr old book? find out how the @britishlibrary looks after the lindisfarne gospels
new blog post from @blmedieval: rt have you heard today's big magna carta news?
video: how the @britishlibrary, @salisburycath and @lincscathedral will celebrate magna carta's 800th anniversary
a map doctor writes! guest conservation blog at @blmaps
new @blmedieval blog post: wandering in the desert of religion
to celebrate #blpropaganda we are offering you the chance to win a holiday for two to #newyork. enter now!
mt @bl_european marking the centenary of czech artist mikol ale's death with a new blog post:
is all political propaganda bad? find out what the @daily_politics thought when they came down to #blpropaganda
new blog post from @blmedieval: medieval maps of the holy land
new @untoldlives blog post: #nazipropaganda in #sharjah.
rt @blasia_africa - a rare example of #chinesecalligraphy by sir ernest satow - see more at:
rt @blmedieval a remarkable tale of manuscript sleuthing: the ely farming memoranda
thinking of coming to see #blpropaganda? then why not book a combined exhibition and tour ticket? find out more:
bbc news - authors urged to engage with local bookshops
ben miles cast as thomas cromwell in @thersc's staging of booker-prize winning novel wolf hall.
@_la_mysterieuse it's best to give yourself at least 90mins. thanks for your enquiry!
the lambeth walk as propaganda? see #blpropaganda curator ian cooke on @bbconeshow with gyles brandreth - 16 mins in
@reverendsheena our ebook treasures are also available on windows 8, via the windows store in books and reference...
rt @bbcengland lindisfarne gospels shown in durham
@tuftyno1 hi, for collection enquiries, please check our main catalogue -
from selling britain to the africa writes festival, find out #whatson at the library next week:
the @britishlibrary newspaper library at colindale will close 8 nov 2013. full details of moves and embargo dates at:
new @_americas blog: bert, the turtle and cold war u.s.a 
@tranguyenpiano hi, thanks for letting us know. if you follow us, we can dm you with infomation regarding the closure. thanks
how to be a healthy old man circa 1750 - @latimes quiz based on fantastic @britishlibrary publication
bbc news - jane austen may appear on 10 note
in our latest #blpropaganda blog post, curator ian cooke explores propaganda methods used in public health campaigns:
british library acquires w.h. audens previously lost journal:
what is the most thought-provoking piece of propaganda that you've seen recently? #blpropaganda #blquestion
rt @blmedieval: new acquisitions in manuscript and print
rt @bipc if you missed out on a ticket for #ierecipe, you can watch our free live webcast instead. book your place:
see new @britishlibrary publication the charleston bulletin supplements in pictures via @guardianbooks
stitched up with silk: naqd ali begs journey to london in 1626 - new @blasia_african #blog
photos of our #blpropaganda late on the 7 june are now up on our facebook page. enjoy!
check out our new @_americas blog post written by 2013 eccles centre writer in residence john burnside
7.45pm sun 16th @bbcradio3: lindisfarne gospels doc with @davidjalmond ahead of major durham exhibition:
the peasants are revolting: find out what happened to revolt leader wat tyler in our new @blmedieval blog post.
new #bldigital blog post: what are #webpages and how can #historians use them?
5 star review from @telegraphbooks of josephine hart poetry hour @britishlibrary - 'an evening with sylvia plath'
@aplusk hope you enjoyed #blpropaganda exhibition today
rt @untoldlives happy #internationalarchivesday! todays #blog story - archives, gunpowder, and the duke of wellington.
getting excited for tonight's late party! #blpropaganda
3 new online collections added to our endangered archive. find out which ones in our latest blog post
inspired by #blpropaganda? now seeing propaganda messages everywhere? share them with us using the hashtag #blpropaganda
mt @culturecalling: talking to ian cooke, co-curator of the #blpropaganda exhibition @britishlibrary
new @soundarchive #blog post on the launch of our benjamin britten exhibition.
@jamesgraham and in propaganda in peace times as well as war: eg origins and development of propaganda and public health campaigns. thanks!
our summer scholars season kicks off this friday with @bbckimghattas and the secretary - a journey with hillary clinton
previously unknown letter from robert the bruce, addressed to king edward ii, found in bl manuscript.
every time you cross the road ...ian cooke #blogs on how propaganda can often be fed by public opinion.
rt @blasia_africa #blpropaganda #blog post: persian epic shahnameh as wwii allied propaganda.
don't miss out on our #blpropaganda inspired #halfterm family activities - last day today!
a superbly illustrated korean royal manuscript from 1809 now online. read about it on our @blasia_africa #blog
missed our recent #blpropaganda event with @campbellclaret? you can now watch it on our youtube channel.
if you are new to the british library then why not check out our getting started animations?
a closer look at richard wagners manuscripts via the public domain review #wagner200 @britishlibrary
@daranhill hi, our #blpropaganda exhibition is on until the 17 september. more info
looking for #halfterm family activities? then come along to our what's your slogan? workshop next week!
why not celebrate the #bankholidayweekend with a visit to our #blpropaganda exhibition? advance booking recommended.
there's still a few tickets available for our propaganda and politics in the modern age event tonight. book now!
new @blmedieval #blog: of captions, clerics, and queens: tweeting the medieval illuminated manuscript
boost to businesses in the north-east as @bipcnewcastle launches this evening! read about it in the nebusiness
' introduction to journals and e-resources', mgmt seminar at b. spa 7 jun
'7 heavy-handed propaganda efforts from history' taken from our #blpropaganda exhibition via @buzzfeed
eliane glaser on 'the west's hidden propaganda machine' - via @commentisfree #blpropaganda
mt @field_io: 1st snap of our new installation chorus  now on display at the #blpropaganda exhibition
rt @aiannucci: here's what i did last night. it was a sort of nuremberg-lite.
propaganda: power and persuasion opens today! find out more
mt @bl_shop: we're ready for our #blpropaganda exhibition!
mt @bl_creative: inspired by maps? come and meet our @blmaps curator and see some of our amazing collections on 22 may
rt @blasia_africa: new #blog post on #thai medicine: thai massage in the early 19th century
@designcouncil thanks for the mention!
industrial action  thu 16 may and fri 17 may:  library will be open but some disruption for readers pls rt
florence nightingale was born #onthisday in 1820. listen to her speech made in aid of the light brigade relief fund -
new _americas #blog: canadian scenery and changing landscapes
which squirrel had 2 million fans in the mid-70s, making him the moshi monsters of his day?
rt @blasia_africa: paintings by 3 generations of mughal family of artists revealed in new #blog post
our latest endangered archive #blog post highlights new collections available to view online on the eap website.
a whole host of best-selling european authors will be here for #eurolitnight, why not book your place now?
rt @blmedieval: marginali-yeah! the fantastical creatures of the rutland psalter
in our latest #bldigital #blog post, we bid farewell to our wikipedian in residence. find out more
why camp in starbucks when you could work from the british library? start-ups opt for unusual offices, read more @ft
the british library is to be commended for reviving these #detective stories'
mt @blasia_africa: a farewell #mughalindia #blog post.
'ain't no party like a british library party' - we hear you @timeoutlondon! read more about our propaganda late here
when history and science meet: new @untoldlives #blog explores how historic records can contribute to climate studies.
rt @bl_learning: aged 16-21? we're looking for people with enthusiasm, ideas and energy for our new youth forum! more
from @hot_chip  to benjamin britten, find out whats on at the british library between may-aug 2013.
art and science collide in this fantastic overview of our #blencounters exhibition.
after tom courtenay's recent @bradfilmfest lifetime achievement award we will be screening billyliar next fri
the #crimefictioncomp has now closed - thanks for your entries! the mystery sleuth is philip marlowe #guessthedetective
clue 3: their 2nd case involved a lovelorn gangster, femme fatale and a canyon killing. answer here
#onthisday in 1397, geoffrey chaucer told the canterbury tales for the first time at the court of richard ii.
clue 1: a musical miniseries paid homage to this laconic sleuth. answer here
new @blmedieval #blog post: french prose brut chronicles in the british library (and how to find them)
new animals in medieval manuscripts #blog post from @blmedieval - not always bad news birds:the caladrius
a bit like 2001: a space odyssey: article on the @spectator blog about archiving the internet #digitaluniverse
rt blasia_africa new #blog post: jai singh ii's observatories at delhi and jaipur. 
new @untoldlives #blog post on #meteorite observations in 19th c india. could a #comet destroy the earth?
services at the newspaper library in colindale are being disrupted today by external computer problems. phone for an update before visiting.
i was born #onthisday in 1770 and was britain's poet laureate from 1843 until my death in 1850. who am i?
english philosopher thomas hobbes was born #onthisday in 1588. he is best known for his 1651 book leviathan. more
new #mughalindia #blog post from our @blasia_africa team: jai singh and european astronomy
industrial action update: all reading rooms opened at 09.30 though with alternative access in a number of cases. more
we're looking for post-doc fellow to work on our theatre archives oral history project with @dmuleicester interested?
empire of the senses - @livemint reviews #mughalindia
it is the last day of our #mughalindia exhibition today. did you come to see it and what did you think?
visit our @blasia_africa #blog for #easter celebrations at the mughal court
for those wanting to check out our list of 100 websites for future researchers,we'll be posting on tues so watch this space #digitaluniverse
#jobsbl: research and engagement manager (biosciences). closing date 7 april.
to mark #goodfriday, here's an image from the 15 oes of st bridget prayer book depicting the crucifixion. #easter
unfortunately the noam chomsky in conversation video will not be available until after easter. apologies for the delay. #blpropaganda
the library's reading rooms get very busy around easter, so here are some handy tips on planning your visit.
@schofieldsims please note that this article is from 2009! our current folio gallery exhibition is an a-z of #crimefiction. thanks
@scooptapp we are open until 20.00 on tuesdays, yes. what do you want to see?
prepare for tomorrow's #holi festival with this new #mughalindia #blog post:
thank you to everyone who took part/attended #inspiringscience and #blencounters  we're already looking forward to science season 2014!
rt @heenalmistry: thanks for the tip,i was in two minds about going. the best paid exhibition i've been to #mughalindia @britishlibrary
rt @soundarchive - david toop donates interview tapes to british library sound archive
a poem for spring - wordsworth's 'daffodils'. spot the differences in this early version:
happy #worldpoetryday from everyone at the british library! do you have a favourite poem?
rt: @blmedieval happy st cuthbert day everyone!
#onthisday in 1413 henry v became king of england. can you decipher his handwriting? 
noam chomsky and @j_freedland anticipated our upcoming #blpropaganda exhibition last night - tickets available
rt @blmedieval -  the durham book of life online
the first episode of #noisehistory starts at 1.45pm today on @bbcradio4 - find out more on @soundarchive blog
@tabasum_m the last day is the 2 april. please see our website for more information
construction on the 'new london bridge' started today in 1824. here's an 1830 drawing of men working on the bridge.
alert - industrial action on wed 20 mar.  we plan to be open but there may be disruption to services
rt @bl_creative see our winning short film inspired by our wildlife sounds: dave's wild life
tune into @bbcradio4 next monday for a new series featuring the bl's sound collections. find out more
find out how readers have been using our public domain images in our latest @blmedieval #blog post
rt @sciencebl - lovely blog by #blencounters artist anita chowdry about her work, beasts in the bl
if you're excited about oz the great the powerful, then check out our new @bl_creative #blog post
rt @bl_creative new #blog post inspired by fashion illustrator julie verhoeven #blspring
"transcribe bentham" another great digital project! check out our new digital scholarship #blog post
new #mughalindia blog post - 18th century route map from delhi to kandahar.
are you visiting the library this evening? please use the midland road entrance, as theres an event in the entrance hall from 6pm. thanks
happy #worldbookday from everyone at the british library. do you have any 'must read' recommendations for the children of 2013?
mt @socialwelfare the #podcast of the #socialwelfare portal launch event is now available on our website
mt @zone1librarian - fab illustrating books event @britishlibrary from @foliosociety and @illustrationhq last night. #blspring
rt @untoldlives #blog - how researchers use the india office records to discover #untoldlives
rt @bl_ref_services - due to essential collection moves, the business and ip centre floor 2 will open at 12.30 on mon 11 and tues 12 march
looking for mother's day gifts? browse our online shop for inspiration!
what better way to celebrate the start of spring than with the library's #blspring market? come down and say hi!
we're getting ready for spring market today at the bl - we start trading at 9.30! come along for jewellery, homeware and art #blspring
in the spirit of all things #blspring festival, check out our new book art board on pinterest!
rt: thank you @guardianbooks for daljit negra's blog on the ramayana's epic journey into the digital world
our fashion late with @csmevents has now sold out. #blspring
new @blsocsci #blog post - the british library voicebank: an introduction #speech #accent #dialect.
american-born novelist henry james died #onthisday in 1916. do you have a favourite henry james novel?
prof. phil davies reports on his experiences at president obama's inauguration on the @_americas blog
miss frank e. buttolph  menu collector extraordinaire on the @_americas blog
new @blsocsci #blog post on the relationship between artistic and scientific practices
from our #blspring fashion late to future shorts film festival, find out what's on at the bl this week.
rt @pjhatfield - a digitisation project, a call for help and (most importantly) cute kittens on the @_americas #blog
@rachelrietz hi, which talks were you interested in? thanks
'i had become unusually hardened for a woman' published today by the bl, 'revelations of a lady detective' (1864)
rt @gem_heritage:  @britishlibrary found public appetite for interacting with maps is "insatiable"@mandhadvisor
rt @blmaps - the british library georeferencing website puts historic maps in their place: great article
mt @_americas - new #blog post, 'democratic brazil at the british library'
rt @bipc #blog: early innovation  the italian academies 1525 to 1700
free this saturday? join us for a magical #mughalindia discovery day for all the family
announced today:one of the most lavish copies of the ramayana to be reunified online in a major international project
from our #mughalindia discovery day to #neilbartlett, find out what's on at the british library this week.
new post from our patents #blog - blue screen film pioneer and inventor petro vlahos
rt @witherbys: #onthisday in 1564 galileo galilei was born. the father of science played a major role in the scientific revolution.
book tickets to our award winning future shorts, with films from @mynameiscutter, @rodney_ascher and more! #blspring
what does a wikipedian in residence do? meet our wikipedian, andrew gray on our digital scholarships #blog
rt @bl_bens: werewolves in the british library courtesy of the @blmedieval #blog

rt @bl_creative how the british library can help fashion designers and researchers
the manuscript of beowulf can now be viewed online for the first time. find out more in our new @blmedieval #blog post
@kyle_christie thanks for getting in contact. would you be able to dm us the details? thanks
reminder that from today, all readers will need to upgrade their account to a british library online account. more info
b is for better known for. did you know that a #football manager and stripper have both written #crimefiction novels? 
@1972projects @bl_ref_services have you completed your reader registration?
rt @bl_ref_services reminder: reader registration is closed on saturday 9 february; pre-registration will be unavailable all weekend.
rt @untoldlives its charles dickens 201st birthday - well tell you why he grew a beard.
our #blencounters exhibition with @csmevents ma science and art students open 25 feb. find out more
@dellamirandola0 in june we reveal virginia woolf's unpublished charleston bulletin supmts
lincoln, alexander gardner and the silent indian from @_americas
@florina_t  the neil bartlett event is on the 22nd feb 19.30-21.00. find out more
neil bartlett will give a rare live performance @britishlibrary this month and donates 30 years of work to the archives
rt @a_ll_d: must make a point to see the mughal india: art, culture and empire exhibition @britishlibrary. such opulence and colours
come and hear from @willgompertzbbc at our illustrating books event with @foliosociety and @illustrationhq
@britishlibrary hosts a 5 day celebration of film, design, fashion and reveals new artwork from julie verhoeven
mt @pjhatfield: enjoyed the @britishlibrary pg training day for the social sciences, here's a map of resources:
read more about our online georeference crowdsourcing project rt @blmaps: it's official! it's finished! #georeferencer
there are currently issues with the
a is for agatha christie. find out about christie and poirot at our a-z of #crimefiction exhibition
crime expert barry forshaw discussing murder in the library @britishlibrary with @robertelms earlier today
rt: @blmedieval spot the otters! amazing images from the illustrated life of st cuthbert, 12th century
so... it's congratulations once again to the brilliant hilary mantel #costaprize
@nedirien  oooh good catch. will add it now!
thanks to everyone who took part in our #mughalindia book comp yesterday. we've just dm'd the winner so check ur messages to see if you won!
thanks for letting us know! mt @robhunt510: best fictional libraries in pop culture @flavorwire
rt @bl_bens: so we had @jeremyclarkson at the british library:
we're giving away a #mughalindia exhibition book today! rt this message by 5pm to enter.
rt @nic_a_million: @britishlibrary your crime novel exhibition was fascinating! i've written a small piece
#onthisday in 1950, india officially became a republic with the adoption of the constitution of india #happyrepublicday
rt: @bl_frantaylor: wikimedia commons and our wikipedian in residence
it would be tight rt @ianmoore3000: would it be a waste of time to try and take in @britishlibrary exhibit on the #mughals in an hour?
rt: @blmedieval the worth of a butterfly
discover how pinterest can help promote your business with our @bipc top tips. #webinfeb
like to help shape the future of the british librarys social media channels? if so, please complete our quick survey
rt @blpressoffice: barry forshaw, laura wilson and mark billingham discuss 'real crime real fiction' tonight
mt: @ukwebarchive new blog post: imagining how scholars might use web archives
are you planning on visiting the british library today? if so, all sites are open as normal but it is #icy out there so please take care!
top customer! mt @caroleagent: have bought every british library enhanced ebook they've released: so beautiful, reduced prices
our latest ebook treasures, the holkham bible and queen mary atlas are now available!
scholars: anyone else read winnius ille pooh? rt @jen_drumcis: @britishlibrary brilliant! winnie the pooh was a staple of my childhood
@neiljeffares thanks for getting in touch. we've passed your comment onto our estates dept.
curator tom harper blogs on 'stargazing with maps'
like to help shape the future of the british librarys social media channels? if so, please complete our quick survey
the serendipity of research: the case of coren, thoreau and the missing sentence
mt @beckaw: london in less than 2 weeks! fifth time and can you believe that i, english major/mlis, have never been to @britishlibrary?
happy b'day to the @britishmuseum! the bl was originally a dept of the bm and from the mid-19c occupied the famous circular bm reading room.
rt @_mattshaw @financialtimes: what does a web archivist actually do? the bl's helen hockx-yu gives us an insight:
a mughal princess's autobiography... #mughalindia
search for a medieval home with @independent s take on the british library's digitised medieval manuscripts
rt: @bipc places going very quickly for our free big venture challenge event next week. book your place now!
thank you for your tweets regarding the library's wifi. we're in the process of rectifying it and will keep you updated.
patents as a social history source: ladies skirt supporters 
rt: @massobsarchive our latest acquisitions features bush clippings taken from outside the beatles houses
pick up a new year treat in our shop sale with up to 75% off selected lines!
following your 2013 reading resolutions, we have created a pinterest board of some of them. take a look!
have you entered our mughal india: art, culture and empire #competition yet? enter and win a unforgettable holiday to india
#onthisday in 1066, harold is elected and crowned king of england at westminster, one day after the death of his brother-in-law king edward.
meet the mughal emperors - bahadur shah ii (r.1837-1858)
what better way to start 2013 than with a bl event? jan-apr 13 events and exhibitions are now up our website.
spring festival competition: have a stand at our next spring market - what have you made with the @britishlibrary?
happy new year from the british library! we look forward to your onsite or virtual visit in 2013 :)
well done to everyone who guessed that it was rudyard kipling and the 'just so stories'. find out more
@nathangray15 yes! see our home page!
we all feel the same here :-) rt @bernice043: slept last night but was self consciously awake. i'm so excited to go to the british library.
what did st nicholas look like in medieval times? find out on the @blmedieval blog 
today in 1823 the night before christmas' was published. how old were you when you first heard/read it? #christmas #onthisday
written all your christmas cards yet? if not, hopefully this beautiful #xmas card from 1892 will inspire you! #festive
open tomorrow - see
cold comfort: royalty and polar sovereignty on the @_americas blog
meet the mughal emperors - jahangir (r.1605-1627)
when is the british library closed over christmas and the new year? find out here
less than 2 wks left to see jack kerouac's 'on the road' original manuscript, so head down this weekend
hi @becky2psych for enquiries about reader passes and photocopying please contact our @bl_ref_services team. thanks!
'12.12.12': exploring the yucatn and mayan culture on the @_americas blog
christmas inventions
here is andreas cellarius's 'the constellations' in honour of gb amateur astronomer patrick moore who died yesterday.
according to the new bomb sight interactive map, the site where our st pancras building now stands was bombed 6 times!
if you have a deep thinker on your list check out our unique range of xmas gifts for all budgets.

ernest vs martha vs war. naomi wood on the @_americas blog
@bencrystal's #shakespeare's original pronunciation cd recommended as christmas gifts 2012: best audiobooks @guardian
churchill was born on this day in 1874. read his first speech as prime minister

rt @ggleddy: @bnarchive happy 1st birthday and thanks from historians everywhere!
rt @backofficeuk: did you know the british library's intellectual property centre offers free mentoring for inventors/entrepreneurs? #ip
event: 'an evening of sorcery and seduction' on 7 dec. enjoy an mystical evening of stories, poetry and music #mughalindia
14:55 today: hear what dorothy sheridan of the mass observation archive discuss the value of #listeningproject to oral historians #blsounds
well done to everyone who correctly guessed that the adopt a book quote is from pride and prejudice! #janeausten
dragons den: a versatile decorating tool invention
item of the week:
marriage contract of mozart and constanze weber

23:55 #listeningproject. kate and her mother alison talk about the sinister experience of being cyber-bullied.
interested in #managementgold? for the latest management advice, use the librarys management and business studies portal
@tanyakirk oops! thanks for pointing that out!
the british library and british museum singers concert starts at 13.15 today: st pancras church
real business and the wonga future 50 companies
in oxford this week? then pop into the edward lear exhibition @ashmoleanmuseum for wonderful illustrations and paintings!
@cupcakecomments @melissanbyrd just click the 'book now' link pls
rt @essential_biz: enjoying my day at the british library #blgew london business village with johnny martin @numberscoach
hi @mars_nasa, the exhibition runs until the 2 april 2013. thanks
we turn the library into a party at a mughal palace #mughalindia
'dramatic and atmospheric' - 4 stars from the times for #mughalindia exhibition open today
@cliffordemma xxxxx
rt @bl_bens: front row, bbc r4 at 7.15 for mark lawson's w malini roy on #mughalindia at the british library
rt @ndahad: mughal india opening reception (@ british library)
rt @martin_eve: a very fancy exhibit being set up in the british library piazza!
rt @blpressoffice: @jamie1680 @dailymirror british library being prepared for reopening - more shortly. false alarm.
#blgew how did charlie mullins: plumber to the stars build his empire?
#blgew find out more about orla kiely, our inspiring entrepreneurs panelist.
great stuff isn't it? rt @madmae: @hubbit @britishlibrary the delights of the english language :)
merci les amis
@darlingsofsoho glad to hear it! anything in particular?
thank you sue and maurice, our #georeferencer champions @blmaps
rt @pjhatfield: canada's contribution to ww1, photos from the @britishlibrary collaboration @europeanaeu #history #ww1
well well well... you've fixed the location of 704 historic uk maps in record time! @blmaps
check out our spooky new creative industries blog article 'inspired by skulls and skeletons'
@theothermina thank you! #georeferencer
wanted: part time visual arts curator to help digitise documents/manuscripts relating to the gulf and arabic science -
excellent decision &lt; good morning! today our plans include visiting the british library as well as an outdoor food market
are you staff? :-) rt @burtiestubbs: words cannot express with what delight i am back in the british library.
we only have a few places left on the music doctoral open day so book your place now! 

apart from the staff obviously :-) rt @victoriaboulton: who's excited for british library tomorrow?!?!?!?!?!
print of the week
serio-comic war #map of europe (1877) #printoftheweek

bugs, bees and butterflies, read about our amazing collection of drawings, prints and photographs.
@wbiggs plenty of those
congratulations to the brilliant hilary mantel on winning her 2nd #booker prize
visit the british library at brand licensing europe, olympia, stand b130!
british library *closed* today (sun) =&gt;
be inspired @bipc by our panel of entrepreneurs who have conquered the global retail and technology markets #blgew
it takes a whole village to build a business see how our community can help you @bipc london business village #blgew
did kerouac really write the #ontheroad scroll in 3 weeks? the bl @_americas blog unrolls the evidence
2 off  guide to what your next read should be
pen pinter prize will be presented to carol ann duffy this evening @britishlibrary
yes includes the scroll @info_bites  #jackkerouac
print of the week
chatsworth lion. photograph by fay godwin (1988).  the british library board

were partnering with @ideastap and @bfi for an upcoming event and competition on the importance of sound in film:
deserves a swift response rt @iamashinybutton: @britishlibrary oh bless! real tweeting on twitter! ;)
rt @lukemckernan: bbc pilot service with 2.2m catalogue records and 190k programmes from today at british library:
like these?
blog by naomi wood: 'pet-names and pillow-talk' #hemingways softer side 
rt @msphelps: i may have a new favorite place in london - british library rooftop terrace #mlib12
final few days of our #raceforknowledge quiz test your general knowledge to win an ipad
final few days of our #raceforknowledge quiz test your general knowledge to win an ipad
in which shakepeare play does the phrase 'it's all greek to me' feature? test your grey cells, play #raceforknowledge
final few days of our #raceforknowledge quiz  test your general knowledge to win an ipad
@loquax 
win an ipad through the british librarys race for knowledge competition

our writing britain exhibition will close on tue eve 20.00. don't miss it #writingbritain
last few days to flex your brain biceps and win an ipad.
play #raceforknowledge
every player of our #raceforknowledge game gets 2 off #writingbritain tickets,
flex your brain biceps and win an ipad
free event at the library  listen to sound artist mark peter wright talking about his work on listening and place.
see you next time! rt @zia__k: didn't want to leave london without visiting the british library, but due to last nights lack of sleep....
welcome! rt @rolykeating: victoria line announcement at king's x: "exit for the british library" special meaning for me this morning #newjob
tonight: dave gordon, bbc director of london 2012 talks about the way this year's olympic games were televised book:
not just anne of green gables: canadian literature and the library
free event - show-and-tell with artist in residence christopher green
expect stage hypnosis, songs and stories more:
join the paralympics spirit and win gold in our #raceforknowledge game. you could win an ipad
why, in the 1930s, was alice's adventures in wonderland + through the looking glass banned from publication in china? -
recording of the week:
african paradise flycatcher
is there a piece of writing that represents a place you know? lots of room on pin-a-tale
@mugglenet see the original harry potter and the philosophers stone manuscript in our #writingbritain exhibition
want to win your very own olympic medal? play #raceforknowledge and win an ipad
the taj at agra    mughal india - opening november 2012
@writing_destiny good luck and happy game playing shelly
do you use 19th century british library newspapers or other large-scale digital collections? respond to this survey
dyslexic entrepreneurs research
do you think that you may be amongst a long list of entrepreneurs with dyslexia?
can you top our leaderboard and win an ipad  play #raceforknowledge and test your grey cells
can you beat the current top score of 425 to #win an #ipad? #raceforknowledge
see the gruffalo creator julia donaldson, illustrator shaun tan and valerie bloom in our childrens literature festival
documentary film maker? come along to our session on distribution and marketing with @sheffdocfest on monday.
develop the attitude of an athlete
why not adopt an athlete's attitude when running your business.

shaun tan author behind the rabbits, the lost thing and the red tree at our #wonderlands childrens literature festival
lunch time fun  can you win gold in our #raceforknowledge game? play now you can also win an ipad
join our medal table  test out your general knowledge and win an ipad #raceforknowledge
you really should! rt @sophfronia: @thecreativepenn wow! i would love to see the british library! have fun. #totallyjealous #amwriting
join the gold rush. play #raceforknowledge and win your own olympic medal
could you win a gold medal in our #raceforknowledge game? play to win an ipad more
can you gain torchbearer status in our olympic challenge play #raceforknowledge and win an ipad
join the gold rush  win an olympic medal in our #raceforknowledge game

item of the week: olympic stamp: notre-dame and pont neuf. paris 1924 olympic games 25 centimes
mt@lisresearch final lis research coalition newsletter with latest on dream, #rilies and future for coalition partners
storytelling and fun activities from the brains behind @rastamouse_irie at our childrens literary festival more
see the manuscript for laurie lees cider with rosie in #writingbritain
more:
meet the gruffalo creator julia donaldson, at wonderlands our childrens literary festival more
dr matthew shaw: olympic dove biker and curator (blog)
olympex 2012: collecting the olympic games explore memorabilia from the olympic movement - more:
listen to the thunder over the andaman sea from our newly published collection of weather recordings.
take part in our olympics friday quiz (creative industries blog)
we celebrate the olympics with our new #raceforknowledge online game  play to win an ipad
see the manuscript for stevensons strange case of dr jekyll and mr hyde in #writingbritain
please note our revised opening times (from 10.00) as of today 26 june
plenty to see, keep cool at the same time rt @louemily: appears the #britishlibrary is the coolest place in london #escapingtheheat
@rlste stevensons manuscript for dr jekyll and mr hyde on display in our #writingbritain exhibition
@methuendrama glad to hear you liked our exhibition
rt @stampcoinmart: on our way to the launch of olympex 2012, a new exhibition on olympics stamps. can't wait to see it! #olympex2012
tue 24 july: our galleries and shop will close at 18.00 tomorrow #britishlibrary
robert burns to a louse from his first collection: poems, chiefly in the scottish dialect 1786
know your (union) generals. more civil war maps from @_americas
the british library and qatar foundation to digitise half a million archive pages
free event with joanna kavenna on wed 18th discussing #cometotheedge @britishlibrary booking essential
only connect: the secret lives of hemingway's wives
item of the week
fusillade au faubourg st. antoine by girardet vny, paris, 1804.

one of the first medieval manuscripts in welsh has been saved for the nation #hyweldda
thank you to readers and other visitors for their cooperation this morning. the evacuation exercise is now complete
well done @avert_org, winners in the nominet internet awards training/education category presented in association with the british library
pore i hope rt @ashleighjoanna: lovely afternoon at the british library, so many amazing manuscripts to pour over #writingbritain
rt @soundarchive: on location: writers, sounds and places, event chaired by madeleine bunting. book now! 10 jul
@mariedoucette you only have to ask!
true rt @seren_thomas: can't believe i'm going to british library tomorrow. lol the only reason is cause there's harry potter manuscripts
gillian reynolds (telegraph) on tom stoppard at 75
see charlotte bronts manuscript for jane eyre in our #writingbritain exhibition 

sheila rowbotham writes on the case of william whittemore tufts on the @_americas blog
rt @mylaanddavis: jazz on the hill tonight and herne hill market's first day on sunday (10am-4pm)! herne hill is the only place to be..
c14th manuscript of chaucer's the canterbury tales, believed to feature a portrait of the author.
do you want free tickets to our next inspiring entrepreneurs event? the first 5 people to rt win a pair of tickets!

the exercise is over - thanks to readers and all visitors for their cooperation. info here
britten's manuscript, saved for the nation, is performed at london 2012 festival tonight
have a listen to the song of the skylark in the latest post on our sounds blog
naomi wood, our writer in residence, blogs on martha gellhorn: pursued and in pursuit
london 2012: how rural writing inspired the olympic opening ceremony
@gnomefacekillah writes about 'martha gellhorn, pursued and in pursuit' on the @_americas blog
the building of england by simon thurley  digested read
8. cherry stones
the best nature books of 2013
ted hughes's children's fables come to the stage
best books of 2013 with hermione lee and patrick barkham  podcast
authors' public lending right payments frozen
toast the 80th anniversary of the end of prohibition with our alcohol and literature quiz
the best paperback books of 2013
rt @gdnchildrensbks: yippee! simon's cat's christmas video is live 
is cider the drink of 2013?
geek girl by holly smale - review
amazon reveals quarter of kindle ebook sales in us were for indie publishers
why do young readers prefer print to ebooks?
the best politics books of 2013
gillian slovo wins golden pen award
have you tried our quiz? writers' cats and dogs  quiz
from schott's original miscellany to the unbelievable truth: the art of the christmas trivia book
haunted by william hussey - review
one the leaked jd salinger stories reads like a prequel to the cathcher in the rye. our review
starting at zero, his own story by jimi hendrix, edited by alan douglas and peter neal  review
debut author: rosa rankin-gee
ace, king, knave by maria mccann  review
half the kingdom by lore segal  review
lovely piece by @margaretatwood on the show-stopping isak dinesen, aka karen blixen
trainspotting declared scotland's favourite novel
jd salinger's unpublished stories leaked online
rt @forlagethetland: crossing our fingers for @hannahfkent tonight. shortlisted for @guardianbooks first book award. #uindvietjord #dklit...
unseen jd salinger stories leaked on to filesharing site
the leonard bernstein letters edited by nigel simeone  review
the search for 2013's top celebrity memoir
the top 10 sports books
treasure neverland: real andimaginary pirates by neil rennie  review
bay psalm book sold for record us$14.2m
.@jpsmythe is rereading every stephen king book. this week: four past midnight. are you a fan?
choose december's reading group book: family
young adult readers 'prefer printed to ebooks'
which is the most popular book with @guardianreview critics? it's hermione lee's biog of penelope fitzgerald 
six-figure deal for 900-page first novel
tristram shandy at 300  quiz
you don't know me by sophia bennett - review
book reviews roundup: the valley of amazement, the letters of john f kennedy, a story lately told
empires of the dead: how one man's vision led to the creation of wwi's war graves by david crane  review
the hunger games by suzanne collins - review
ebooks need more attention from their publishers
national book awards leave winner lost for words
james mcbride wins national book award for fiction
kansas city lightning: the rise and times of charlie parker by stanley crouch  review
the eye of minds by james dashner - review
qi and the magical power of facts
in or outsider? camus and algeria - @samjordison's #readinggroup
selfie wins oxford word of the year
fifty shades of grey goes viral  literally
listen to doris lessing in her own words, incl why women have a better relationship than men with the universe:
'doris did everything with all her heart, all her soul, and all her might' @margaretatwood on doris lessing
'doris lessing was a model for every writer coming from the back of beyond'
doris lessing in pictures
the save the story series by various authors  review
nigel slater tipped to top christmas cookbook league
the spinning heart by donal ryan is on our @guardian 1st book award shortlist. read t/ extract + tell us what u think
saints of the shadow bible by ian rankin  review
john mullan on the joy luck club  guardian book club
anthea bell: 'it's all about finding the tone of voice in the original. you have to be quitefree'
still a few tickets available for our bridget jones book club event on 4 dec. more info here: 
morrissey's autobiography gets dressed for christmas
ace, king, knave by maria mccann  review
sign up to guardian australia's weekly books email
proust's  la recherche  a novel big enough for the world
education under siege: why there is a better alternative by peter mortimore  review
eminent hipsters by donald fagen  review
rt @harriettho: terry eagleton almost makes me want to read morrissey's autobiography!
autobiography by morrissey  review
what are the best and worst 21st-century novels, so far?
youtube hit song the fox by norwegian musical comedy duo @ylvis becomes children's book in time for christmas
@erinelwood glad you're a frankenstein fan. some of our readers disagree
@gwillowwilson hello, would you be up for writing a piece for @guardianbooks
stefan zweig's great moments of history  in pictures
siege by sarah mussi - review
we're selecting the definitive 100 novels written in english. today: frankenstein by mary shelley
the death of the novel inscription
an atheist's history of belief by matthew kneale  review
the letters of john f kennedy edited by martin w sandler; jfk's last hundred days by thurston clarke; who kill...
songs of st kilda: 'st kilda is the most remote part of the british isles and one of the most extraordinary'
our review of graphic novel, the park by oscar zarate -
charlotte higgins on what it's like to not win the samuel johnson prize
branded with our love of books
haruki murakami gets back to the beatles in new short story
double negative by ivan vladislavi  review
battleborn wins claire vaye watkins dylan thomas award
amazon bids to put kindles in indie bookshops
linked by imogen howson - review
the ghost river: a short story by tony birch
agatha christie wins vote to steal crown as crime writers' favourite crime writer
drabble: 'i find writing increasingly difficult, but i still think being a novelist is a fairly pain-free choice'
is mackenzie bezos's one-star amazon review part of a trend?
review-the notes of doctor newgate by alan franks: 'it was on pg 40 that i realised this novel was something special'
bonfire night: how much do you know about conspiracy literature?  quiz
tips, links and suggestions: what are you reading this week?
ebooks and discounts drive 98 publishers out of business
poem of the week: cartography for beginners by emily hasler- 'a mock-didactic poem needs two people to play the game'
the embassy of cambodia  by zadie smith  review
the charioteer by mary renault  review
the saturday poem: the long evenings of their leavetakings
the encyclopedia of early earth by isabel greenberg  review
big data: a revolution that will transform how we live, work and think  review
comics, graphic fiction and first books  prizes podcast
still time to ask your grammar + spelling qs to david marsh, @guardianstyle editor. he'll be online until 1pmgmt:
@claire_phipps hmmmm, let's ask him
@bevbleu great! it starts in just over 15mins. tune in!
@russdacrow erm, well...
scary stories for halloween: 4. the landlady by roald dahl
jk rowling 'not good enough' for favourite scottish books ballot
do returns diminish on rereading and re-rereading?
#halloweenreads rt @effinglibrarian: .@guardianbooks @neilhimself who else is reading the october game by ray bradbury for halloween?
#halloweenreads rt@wilymouse:@jpsmythe starlight, by stella gibbons- really unexpectedly creepy, with autumnal unease all the way through it
rt @steffclarke: @guardianbooks @jpsmythe trying to read ulysses terrifies me &lt; but for different reasons, right?
the first bohemians: life and art in london's golden age by vic gatrell  review
famous jane austen watercolour portrait to be auctioned at sotheby's
.@neilhimself's sandman rises again
the king's grave: the search for richard iii by philippa langley and michael jones  review
bitter wash road by garry disher  review
griselda heppel on self-publishing: 'you have complete freedom!'
dead until dark by charlaine harris - review
pd james claims to have solved 1931 cold case murder | liz bury
prisonomics by vicky pryce  review
barracuda by christos tsiolkas  review
the hunger games by suzanne collins - review
music in the castle of heaven: a portrait of johann sebastian bach by john eliot gardiner  review
me, myself and i: why autobiography is cursed by an unreliable narrator
does anyone else share @justine_jordan's enthusiasm for grinny?
the war poets revisited: a modern-day response to 1914
book reviews roundup: the goldfinch, autobiography, ammonites and leaping fish
ts eliot prize 2013: shortlist announced
command and control: nuclear weapons, the damascus accident and the illusion of safety by eric schlosser  review
empress dowager cixi: the concubine who launched modern china by jung chang  review
knight v snail - in pictures
@tillipublishing hi! you've been recommended for our self-publishing showcase - would you like to discuss your book?
the war that ended peace: the road to 1914 by margaret macmillan  review
guardian children's fiction prize goes to rebecca stead
rt @brandonmceniff: @guardian_sport @guardianbooks no it's terrible i've read it
here's an exclusive preview of asterix and the picts 
in case you missed it, this week's self-pub showcase features @picklesmagazine.piece inclds great comic strip
for who the bell tolls: one man's quest for grammatical perfection by david marsh  review
her brilliant career: ten extraordinary women of the fifties by rachel cooke  our review
this weekend's @guardianclasses is develop your writing: how to structure your novel w/ gillian slovo. tickets here:
the story of music, by howard goodall  review
benjamin myers claims inaugural gordon burn prize
the letters of paul czanne by alex danchev  review
want to be seen as well read? then listen to these shows
this week in books: eleanor catton wins the booker, and new donna tartt
the bone dragon by alexia casale  review
noel gallagher says reading fiction 'a waste of fucking time'
house of small shadows by adam nevill  review
ten reasons why we love donna tartt's the secret history
maximum ride: nevermore by james patterson - review
her brilliant career: ten extraordinary women of the fifties by rachel cooke  review
the goldfinch by donna tartt  review
ten ways to win the booker prize
tales of mystery and imurders in the rue morgue: no sherlock holmes without the detective dupinmagination: no ...
rt @bellelinde: 'my own business always bores me to death, i prefer other people's.' ~ oscar wilde @guardianbooks
it's oscar wilde's birthday, today. which are his wittiest quotes?
@justine_jordan: eleanor catton asks novel questions with epic ambition in the luminaries
@piggyfeather no, it was catton. have you read it?
who has read the luminaries by eleanor catton? (if you've just tuned in, it's just won the man booker prize)
a reminder of the #manbookerprize shortlist:
jim crace, ruth ozeki, jhumpa lahiri, @eleanorcatton, colm toibin, noviolet bulawayo
jhumpa lahiri leads our twitter hustings. #bookerhustinglahiri 
toibin and catton joint 2nd #bookerhustingstoibin
#bookerhustingscatton
anachronisms that aren't  modernity avant la lettre in period literature
it's booker night tonight. who do you think should win: bulawayo? video
copendium: an expedition into the rock'n'roll underworld by julian cope  review
neil gaiman: let children read the books they love
poem of the week: conjuration by pauline stainer
not the booker judges discussing zoe venditozzi's anywhere's better than here now
pulitzer prize winner oscar hijuelos dies at 62
a diy guide to digitising your books
this week in books: alice munro, dave eggers, and bridget jones returns
the love object by edna o'brien  review
brief yourself for tuesday's booker prize with our video hustings. @paullaity on colm tibn's the testament of mary
river inside the river by gregory orr  review
daljit nagra: my ramayana
self-publishing boom sees 59% increase in diy titles
writing on the wall: social media  the first 2000 years by tom standage  review
alice munro: canadian short-story master wins nobel prize in literature - video
from shy housewife to modern chekhov: lovely profile of alice munro #nobel #nobelprize 
our @guardianmusic collaborator afripop! review booker-contender we need new names by noviolet bulawayo
an officer and a spy by robert harris  review
irina khalip wins pen pinter prize for international writer of courage
booker prize 2013: why jhumpa lahiri's the lowland should win - video
russian court bans qur'an translation
what routine do you need to follow to write a novel? and how much coffee do you need to drink?
daily rituals by mason currey  review
not the booker prize 2013: vote for the winner
what malcolm gladwell got wrong
how endeavour press has profited from out-of-print books
the signature of all things by elizabeth gilbert  review
wales prepares to resurrect the reputation of dylan thomas
original observer review of dylan thomas's the palm-wine drinkard
my hero fanny trollope by lucy ellmann
the rising of bellacasey by mary morrissy  review
the secret history by donna tartt
jon mcgregor: a year without email
is #nationalpoetryday fatigue setting in? pep yourself up with our cute @gdnnchildrensbks first lines quiz
rt @gdnchildrensbks: celebrate national poetry day with us by trying our potty poetry quiz
tom clancy dies aged 66
david and goliath: underdogs, misfits and the art of battling giants by malcolm gladwell  review
daniel humphry: 'there's no way we'd have grown to the size we have without the comic community'
david bowie's must-read books revealed. how many from his list have you read?
under the volcano: fuelling a thirst for malcolm lowry
mt @guardian: win a guardianandobserver weekend.
tweet explaining how you #owntheweekend
 tandcs:
the spy who came in from the cold by john le carr - review
samuel johnson prize 2013 pits bumblebees against thatcher
sleeping keys by jean sprackland  review
bleeding edge by thomas pynchon  review
the windsor faction by dj taylor  review
what would allen lane make of amazon?
space oddity: a glossary of science fiction. or sci-fi. or whatever it's called | damien walter
badgerlands: the twilight world of britain's most enigmatic animal by patrick barkham  review
the bombing war: europe19391945 by richard overy  review
nine hours left to send photos of your favourite banned books
the metaphysics of ping-pong by guido mina di sospiro  review
newest bond author: it's not just casual sex. what 007 wants is a relationship
worst. person. ever. by douglas coupland  review
lisa appignanesi's top 10 books about paris
johnny vegas: 'i had no fear of death'
dante may have suffered from narcolepsy, says italian academic
tips, links and suggestions: what are you reading?
poem of the week this time is to autumn by john keats
eyes wide open by noreena hertz  digested read
the poets' daughters: dora wordsworth and saracoleridge by katie waldegrave  review
this week in books: readers in residence, urban explorers, and the booker prize
the blunders of our governments by anthony king and ivor crewe  review
one night in winter by simon sebag montefiore  review
all-woman shortlist for bbc short story award 2013
the sea: a culturalhistory by john mack  review
a girl is a half-formed thing by eimear mcbride  review
angela merkel: the authorised biography by stefan kornelius  review
royal mail: the answer to unspeak is not more unspeak
thought this would be of interest: typography - photograph your favourite fonts
meike ziervogel: 'i could only write about magda goebbels in english'
miniature books go on display at national library of scotland
which tv mogul said: "you're here for two things: selling buicks and making americans feel cosy."
transport for london performs u-turn on poets' fees for safety campaign
have we discovered the science book of the year? 
where are the great science books?
james patterson donates $1m to independent us bookshops
today's #authoralphabet: c is for confusion, chosen by joy division's @peter_hook1
reading for fun improves children's brains, study confirms
making it happen: fred goodwin, rbs and the men who blew up the british economy by iain martin  review
where's the artistry in digital art publishing?
catastrophe by max hastings; 100 days to victory by saul david; meeting the enemy by richard van emden  review
my name is by alastair campbell  review
the orchard of lost souls by nadifa mohamed  review
my hero: ren descartes by james kelman
how well do you know #roalddahl? quiz
here's a bit of friday fun: as byatt: celebrity amazon reviewer
as byatt: celebrity amazon reviewer
what music label? "it was all very beautiful and precious, everyone wore black and had their heads shaved"
facing the other way by martin aston  review
home of uncle tom's cabin author gets $150,000 preservation grant
children's bedtime stories on the wane, according to survey
man booker prize: the testament of mary is slimmest novel ever shortlisted
@tomcook24 thanks for correction.
from bustiers to swishy trousers: how important is clothing in literature?
not the booker prize 2013: the ocean at the end of the lane by neil gaiman
what's in a surname? a journey from abercrombie to zwicker by david mckie  review
expo 58 by jonathan coe  review
what do you buy the children of the terrorist whotried tokillyour wife?  review
thirst: water and power in the ancientworld by steven mithen  review
it's time for science fiction to face up to discrimination
how did annie lennox do it?
how marr and morrissey worked together...
canterbury cathedral's new digital archive goes on display
alison macleod's top 10 stories about infidelity
the bone season by samantha shannon  review
rt @michellepauli charlie higson, @monstroso, has written the latest doctor who story for @puffinbooks. extract:
hercule poirot gets new lease of life, 38 years after being killed off
frederik pohl obituary
frederik pohl, grandmaster of science fiction, dies aged 93
fanni bogdanow obituary
robert macfarlane leads warwick prize shortlist
five books to watch for in autumn 2013  including a sequel to the shining
mr loverman by bernardine evaristo  review
tony birch: 'too many australians remain ignorant of aboriginal writing'
hotel savoy by joseph roth  review
seamus heaney: readers' tributes and reactions
live webchat with madeline miller is happening now. do join in here:
'you dug enough with your pen, seamus. now time to rest.' our readers react to the news of heaney's death:
rt @stephenfry: oh ho sad, just heard of the death of seamus heaney.
"earth receive an honoured guest
seamus heaney's put to rest."
madeline miller, the song of achilles author, will be answering your qs today from 1pm bst. join us
rare first edition of adam smith's the wealth of nations goes on sale
typography in the wild  in pictures
why i love lee child's jack reacher novels
'facipulation; meaning facilitation by manipulation' - which words would you add to the dictionary?
twerk and geek chic make the oxford dictionary - but which words would you add?
continuing our self publishing series - tasha harrison: 'i was sick of rejection'
'the silences yawn in rulfo's writing' - a brief survey of the short story part 52: juan rulfo
.@nicklezard's review of inventing the enemy essays on everything by umberto eco
'myriad is a perfect word. lyrical, evocative, succinct; i love it'. what's your favourite?
noble endeavours by miranda seymour  review
never go back by lee child  digested read
imagining alexandria: poemsin memory of cp cavafy by louis de bernires  review
the kills by richard house reviewed by @katepullinger
.@margaret atwood: 'i have a big following among the biogeeks'
bob dylan: facing the music
margaret atwood: 'i have a big following among the biogeeks'
'an absolutely first-rate novelist' - the house of ulloa by emilia pardo bazn reviewed by @nicklezard
'how will we stop the killing?' - ahdaf soueif on the 'horror movie' of egypt today
egypt after the revolution: curfew nights and blood-stained days
my hero: elmore leonard by philip hensher
guardian first book award: the longlist  in pictures
steven poole takesissue with linguist steven pinker's language
tony juniper, erik hirschfeld, gill lewis and tony ryan  books podcast
new baghdad library takes step closer to realisation
read the latest interview in our amnesty teen takeover: rita williams-garcia on writing about fgm for teens
new guardian children's books podcast: eoin colfer reads and discusses his new series warp, recorded at #edbookfest
the interestings by meg wolitzer  review
invented by a psychologist with a love of bondage, wonder woman is now being resurrected
grant morrison on bringing back wonder woman
new biography of jd salinger to be published this september
readers posting their tributes to elmore leonard, author of get shorty and out of sight, here:
elmore leonard's rules for writers in @guardian in 2010
rt @edbookfest: marina warner- who has 11 honorary doctorates! - being introduced by lesley mcdowell #edbookfest
tips, links and suggestions: what are you reading, today?
fiction in 2043: peace after the digital revolution
ware:'the uk's own [@nobrowpress] publishes books which are almost all universally astounding and humbling to me'
chris ware:'i keep vague notes but fundamentally i believe it's very important for a story to find its own structure'
andrew marr 'very worried' by tone of scottish independence debate
live webchat with chris ware at 1pm today. got a question?
edinburgh international book festival sees rise of author-as-performer
guardian edinburgh books podcast: david peace and jonathan agnew
rt @carmitstead: i'm going to be liveblogging the @worldwritersconf session for the next hour here
rt @amypirt: i love this! my favourite novelist. rt @guardianreview: my hero: iris murdoch by charlotte mendelson
the saturday poem: gps
my hero: iris murdoch by charlotte mendelson
multiples: 12 stories in 18 languages by 61 authors  edited by adam thirlwell  review
television's magic moments
how to throw readers off the scent of celebrity authors
live webchat: chris ware
here you go @sportingnesden. thanks for the great quote!- one of the deckchairs at #edbookfest
if you missed joe sacco and chris ware last night #edbookfest, take a look at @carmitstead's live blog of the event
marina warner to chair man booker international prize judges
what are you reading, today? show us a pic of the cover via @guardianwitness
in edinburgh? share your photographs of the #edbookfest or #edfringe via @guardianwitness
in edinburgh? share your photographs of the #edbookfest or #edfringe via @guardianwitness
shakespeare wrote lines in thomas kyd play, research finds
rt @hannah_freeman: cerys matthews singing in charlotte square before her #edbookfest event
last 30 yrs - what significant events have you witnessed?
rt @jolord83: hello twitter! off to #edbookfest today to join the @guardianbooks team. any ideas for what i should see?
rt @hannahshaddock: "economic forecasters make political forecasters look good!", says silver. #edbookfest
guardian edinburgh books podcast: kari herbert and judith mackrell
tips, links and suggestions: what are you reading, today?
summer voyages: the expedition of humphry clinker by tobias smollett
@doug_johnstone on how william mcilvanney invented tartan noir
guardian edinburgh books podcast: roddy doyle and mark forsyth
digital reading: not so discreet after all
rt @missadelewalsh: warp is "...a mix between the matrix and oliver twist" @eoincolfer #edbookfest
rt @strippedfest: have you visited the incredible comic and graphic novel section of the #edbookfest book shop yet?
what i'm thinking about ... ambitious women
we're live blogging #edbookfest. keep up with all our coverage from charlotte sq., and find out how you can join in
the english in love by claire langhamer  review
rt @philipardagh: ooops! same shirt! *blushes* #edbookfest @edbookfest
letters: the outsider did change my life
did you have a go a naming the classic novels in our graphic canon gallery? answers now in the comment thread 
roddy doyle says irish financial crisis drew him back to the commitments
poster poems: found poetry
the spirit of douglas adams
a spectacular new book reimagines some of hinduism's foundational myths as a graphic tale -
brahma dreaming by john jackson - in pictures
#ncgkids book club @gosiash says there were some funny bits, some scary bits...but we all (children and i) wanted to know what happened next
#ncgkids the humour...wry rather than belly laughs is the consensus. the illustrations add a lot to lightening tone
guardian nosy crow book club discussing  a boy and a bear in a boat by dave shelton is about to kick off - join us:
.@edbookfest is 30! celebrate by sharing your photos of significant events from the last 3 decades
our #ncgkids book club book a boy and a bear in a boat won the branford boase award last month, with editor david fickling...
guardian nosy crow book club:  a boy and a bear in a boat by dave shelton
our review of almost english by charlotte mendelson (@charlottemende1)
@peacethrufiber nope, but see what you mean
@konallis good, but not the one!
@stephruns85 correct!
@olympusmark correct!
@kandjbax correct!
can you spot the books in the graphic canon?  in pictures
@hairyfrank that sounds a bit meta!
celebrated us crime fiction writer elmore leonard is recovering in hospital after suffering a stroke at the age of 87
poem of the week: girl and grandmother at the national gallery by meg bateman
poem of the week: girl and grandmother at the national gallery by meg bateman
rt @nawahala: @guardianbooks lit ice cream flavour: pint and a half of a yellow sun sundae. chimamanda adichie
rt @citizenlore: @guardianbooks lit ice cream flavour - conrad's heart of double dark darkness. hansberry's rum raisin in the sun.
literary ice cream flavours - life of pineapple
rt @klassy: @guardianbooks "it was the day my grandmother exploded." - iain banks, the crow road
david sedaris at edinburgh: 'i'll never run out of things to laugh about'
two rivers by carolyn drake  review
your weekend reading: claire messud, byron bay writers festival, and hannibals birthday
red or dead by david peace  review
book reviews roundup: disraeli, or the two lives, jfk's last hundred days and the white princess
win tickets for the edinburgh international book festival
ed vaizey bars kelly clarkson from taking jane austen ring out of uk
jeremy harding: the politics of words in the west bank
langston hughes showed me what it meant to be a black writer | @garyyounge
jk rowling's identity as crime writer revealed during twitter discussion
baden-powell's long-lost introduction to scouting for boys
choose august's reading group book
.@edbookfest just heard something about spiderman and batman. any pictures you can tweet?
.@jpsmythe is rereading all of stephen king's books. today, misery
six self-publishing surprises
tips, links and suggestions: what are you reading, today?
best non-fiction summer reads: difficult men by brett martin
plot thickens for authors as penguin and random house merger creates 2.6bn powerhouse
plot thickens for authors as penguin and random house merger creates 2.6bn powerhouse
the reason i jump: one boy's voice from the silence of autism, by naoki higashida  review
sisters by a river; our spoons came from woolworths; the vet's daughter by barbara comyns  review
a long walk home by judith tebbutt  review
book reviews roundup: the trip to echo spring, under another sky and the cuckoo's calling
.@margaretatwood makes opera debut
rt @divapsych: @guardianbooks. is... it takes you to another world far away from your own where it is possible to discover  friends for...
quiz question: who directed the wonderful noir film from 1947 of brighton rock?
rt @soph_amelia: @guardianbooks the best thing about reading is being able to do it on your own
rt @knowmesee: @guardianbooks the best thing about reading is... that it gives you freedom, and a book always waits for you :)
writing a collective novel: why many minds are better than one
wreaking by james scudamore  review
summer voyages: in pursuit of spring by edward thomas
do you want to publish a novel? beware!
the poet laureate's on holiday  can you write a poem fit for a prince?
junot daz uses social media to share inspiration for pulitzer-winning novel
our review of the fun parts by sam lipsyte
korean war: a british soldier's memories of a forgotten conflict
rt @bellamackie: my weekly call out - wanna feature in the @guardian "good to meet you" section? email me! isabella.mackie @guardian dot...
summer journeys: under the volcano by malcolm lowry
what are you reading, today? show us a pic
man booker longlist 'most diverse' in prize's history, say judges
man booker longlist 'most diverse' in prize's history, say judges 
@rickaevans wasn't zadie last year? get confused with dates but think it goes sept-sept
summer voyages: the hounds of the morrigan
summer reads - best book to share: love, dishonor, marry, die, cherish, perish by david rakoff | emma g keller
shikasta re: colonised planet 5 by doris lessing
macaulay by zareer masani  review
crusher by niall leonard - review
taipei by tao lin  review
1913: the year before the storm by florian illies  review
the professor of poetry by grace mccleen  review
flaming lips frontman wayne coyne ignites comic-book career
the best crime-writing festivals around the world
kiss me first by lottie moggach  review
do you use your phone on the loo? | poll
san diego comic-con: 5 things we're excited for
the best books on brazil: start your reading here | pushpinder khaneka
summer voyages: lovely appreciation of jerome k jerome's three men in a boat by  robert mccrum
@declarationball you wouldn't want to shack up with wallander would you? mind you, morse wd be pretty remorseless too
summer reads  best beach book: crazy rich asians by kevin kwan
henning mankell: 'i shall not miss wallander'
from the bront sisters to jk rowling, a potted history of pen names
@peazm have you read the book?
from the bront sisters to jk rowling, a potted history of pen names
best holiday reads 2013
nowhere ending sky by marlen haushofer  review
john keats: a new life by nicholas roe  review
our review of how to be a victorian by ruth goodman:
the man behind the great dickens and dostoevsky hoax
congratulations to #branfordboase winners author dave shelton and his editor david fickling!
@g_crivee we're now wondering if the mother can see the monster...
jane austen is not that soothing | john mullan
rowan williams releases poem for national transplant week. the 19-line poem is called "host organism" -
left out: the authors who know disability from inside
samuel beckett's murphy draft bought by reading university for 1m
our review of bad monkey by carl hiaasen:
reader convicted for val mcdermid ink assault
'all writers are performers, performers on the page,' says david fickling, advising new writers:
can you help complete our literary clock? @ashleykirk92 is helping + looking for a quote for 12:58. any ideas?
today's reader review: convoy by caroline davies:
summer reads - best psychological thriller: the silent wife
forward poetry prizes highlight 'powerful year for poetry'
the authors xi: a season of english cricket from hackney to hambledon by the authors cricket club  review
renata adler: 'i've been described as shrill. isn't  that strange?' | interview
in times of fading light by eugen ruge  review
the saturday poem: the point
have great weekends all. hope the sun is out where you are
quiz: can you tell when authors are writing for children?
we're creating a literary clock. a different quote abt time for each minute of the day. can you help?
david kelly - new secrets, but an end to the conspiracy theories? his biographer makes a 'confession'
clive james  a life in writing
dr david kelly: a man of secrets
thrillers roundup  reviews
summer reading: guardian us journalists share their tips | kayla epstein
kafka gets an anniversary google doodle - but not in us or uk. why so?
we're going on a bear hunt! are we scared? as bear hunt launches in the west end, try our v quick quiz
calling indie booksellers: win yourselves a retweet by joining @gutterbookshop in our #ibw2013 bookshops quiz.
celebrate independent booksellers' week by trying our fiendishly difficult quiz:
guardian first book award 2013: help us find the 10th title for the longlist
debut author: lottie moggach
oliver bernard obituary
moon bear by gill lewis  review
holiday reading: the best books to pack this summer
guardian books podcast: a world in transit
extract: the marlowe papers  a novel in verse by ros barber
quiz set by sarah waters. try your luck!
all the birds, singing by evie wyld  review
@ad_davey congratulations on finishing school and enjoy your books
@emilyrtaylor sorry! we weren't bragging we promise!!
@katepullinger thanks very much!
@dawneebe hello there. you can send it to us and we'll take a look at it, but we get about 600 books a week, so we can't promise anything.
us writer uses self-publishing to get past industry 'racism'
mark edwards on self-publishing
mr darwin's gardener  review
join the guardian children's fiction prize bookclub
poem of the week: pissarro's orchards by marianne burton
the quarry: iain banks  digested read
kevin powers: 'i've always had a certain level of comfort with the dark part of the human experience'
italian ways by tim parks  review
the road to urbino by roma tearne  review
attention!: a (short) history by joshua cohen  review
@filipomaria think you may be the first we've seen who claims in their profile to be 'good at drawing bones'. good to know who to call on
oxford english dictionary adds new sense of tweet to its big data
isaac and isaiah: the covert punishment of a cold war heretic by david caute  review
semantic polarities and psychopathologies in the family  review
books quiz: roald dahl
#books reader misterbus2 reviews holloway by robert macfarlane + is works out the price per page:
the beloved by annah faulkner  review by kristina olsson
neil gaiman has new children's book called the milk coming out in sept- you heard it here first! "the silliest book i've written"
@thegonow @neilhimself @royalacademy rush hour has prevented some pple from being here
.@neilhimself talking abt how new novel came abt: 'i was missing my wife so thought i'd write her a story...' #books
still got time to send us your questions for @neilhimself. @carmitstead is interviewing him on stage tonight
@wilson0112_mark thanks for you questions. we'll add your to @carmitstead 's list
@berylkingston thank you for reading us!
2night @carmitstead is interviewing @neilhimself at @rsliterature. it's a sell out but you can still ask qs. what would you like to know?
@jameswjacobs we are very polite. reading anything good at the moment @jennyakrose @dawnadays @erdemsz12 ?
random house's app is a small victory for the industry
the quarry by iain banks  review
jacob's folly by rebecca miller  review
beautiful ruins by jess walter  review
twitter fiction: gill hornby
hello again  by simon elmes  review
our review of iain banks's last novel the quarry, reviewed by theo tait
q: do you use your own dreams? @neilhimself a: 'if i bring anything back from dreams it's images and ways i felt'
@paper_wizard as long or as short as you like. many people tweeting, others posting longer pieces on the site:
@librarytasha we've just added your story to the blog
write a story w/ neil gaiman. @neilhimself has written the 1st line, now it's over to you to complete it
judith kerr's creatures: a celebration of her 90th birthday in pictures
we're hosting a webchat w/ neil gaiman tomorrow lunchtime, but you can get your questions in early:
the north (and almost everything in it) by paul morley  review
are you a pedant? join @sherman_alexie @hal_duncan @scalzi @seanminogue + @alisonflood in grammar chat
neil gaiman in conversation with claire armitstead: win a pair of tickets via @guardianextra
jane austen, game theorist by michael suk-youg chwe  review
the united states vs. pfc bradley manning: a graphic novel  in pictures
ringo starr song octopus's garden to be turned into children's book
self-published ebook sales reach 20% of genre market
iain banks: 'a star whose light will travel a long way'
audrey niffenegger finally gives go-ahead to time traveler's wife ebook
extract: the ocean at the end of the lane by neil gaiman
time reborn by lee smolin; farewell to reality by jim baggott  review
the norm chronicles by michael blastland and david spiegelhalter  digested read
iain banks dies aged 59
money: the unauthorised biography by felix martin  review
video interview: am homes, winner of the women's prize, talks to jeanette winterson (@wintersonworld)
apple tree yard by louise doughty  review
am homes interview: 'i write the things we don't want to say out loud'
video: am homes (@nycnovel), winner of the @womensprize for fiction, talks to @wintersonworld
does god have a place in science fiction?
how tom sharpe earned his seat at high table of campus fiction
from our letters pages: don't blame amazon for all bookshop woes
am homes wins women's prize for fiction
may we be forgiven wins the women's prize for fiction 2013 #books
@asjoden not yet, but keep tuned!
women's prize for fiction: who will win?
gendered covers are failing young adult readers
children's laureate malorie blackman interviewed by members of @gdnchildrensbks site. great video interview
the new children's laureate is @malorieblackman
hp lovecraft: the writer out of time. why is he more popular than ever?
open thread: why do some books give you a hangover?
baileys all round at women's prize for fiction: baileys replaces orange as official sponsor
the wit and wisdom of boris johnson, edited by harry mount  review
the devil and the river by rj ellory  review
urgle by meaghan mcisaac  review
mes aynak: afghanistan's buddhist buried treasure faces destruction
book extract: john f kennedy: 'we all breathe the same air' by jeffrey sachs
the burning question by mike berners-lee and duncan clark  review
@danniilowe hi there. we're not sure what you are referring to, sorry. do you have a link to hand?
spam: a shadow history of the internet by finn brunton review:
@rodgeglass hello! just wanted to let you know that we've held your piece until tomorrow
rereading stephen king's it -
choose a dh lawrence novel for june's #readinggroup with @samjordison
a reader on where is happiness in 20th c fiction: 'happiness is best seen in retrospect'
can agatha christie be political? jos rodrigues dos santos on why all literature packs a political punch
my hero: lydia davis by ali smith
the weekend is almost here. hope the rain stops soon...
posy simmonds talks us through her sketchbook:
it's still a duck! rules for writing: block that metaphor!
holy shit: great stuff from @questingvole
children's publisher turns back on amazon
how do you get 50 authors to annotate their own books and give them away? rick gekoski explains 
today's poem of the week: sonnet 30 by robert sidney
50 authors have annotated their own works to be auctioned by @englishpen. browse a selection - in pictures
why not spend part of the weekend winning yourself a set of regional winners from the commonwealth book prize?
will stephen king ever be admitted to the literary elite along with john le carre and his ilk?
an underexplored subject: the clothes of fictional characters. s holmes, sarah lund, george smiley..great fun.
@kyanite99 @joannechocolat oh they have! lots of twitter fans, thanks for mentioning tho
commonwealth book prize 2013: regional winners - in pictures
out of the thousands of authors on twitter, who do u think is the best tweeter?anyone particularly gd at using it to talk to their readers?
5 days in may: the coalition and beyond by andrew adonis  review
barbara kingsolver on the poisonwood bible  guardian book club
as dan brown releases his own inferno next week, nicholas lezard presents 10 things you need to know abt dante
good morning all. today's saturday poem is soul song by michael symmons roberts
oxford english dictionary asks public to help track down mystery book
10 things u need to know abt dante: 8. he's not easy to translate, but that hasn't stopped people trying
grammar rules everyone should know
competition for our uk followers: 300 worth of national book tokens to be won here
10 things you need to know about dante: 3. dante is still incredibly influential. 
10 things you need to know about dante by @nicklezard
cs lewis: a life: eccentric genius, reluctant prophet by alister mcgrath  reviewed by sam leith
good morning. hope the sun is out where you are. what are you reading today?
.@stevenpoole reviews  drugs 2.0: the web revolution that's changing how the world gets high by mike power
drugs 2.0: the web revolution that's changing how the world gets high by mike power  reviewed by @stevenpoole
guardian books podcast:  mark haddon on the curious incident via #soundcloud
clarke award: the rise of sci fi shows you can't judge a book by its genre
been having fun with vine we see rt @hannah_freeman: what's the book?
@guardianfilm they'll return, they will return!
@glennldiaz and we're back in the room!
@girl_vintage what a nice tweet. thank you!
skios by michael frayn  review
kith: the riddle of the childscape by jay griffiths  review
the xx factor by alison wolf  review
let's explore diabetes with owls by david sedaris  review
questions of travel by michelle de kretser  review
my hero: flix nadar by richard holmes
the panopticon by jenni fagan  review
science museum publishes climate change novel
live webchat with judy carver on the spire by william golding here at 1pm bst today
bipolar memoirs: what have i done?
@pocketsteve we've just emailed you! hope you can help. thanks
is richard dawkins the world's top thinker?
@seonorth great suggestions
meeting the english by kate clanchy  review
independent booksellers deliver amazon taxation petition  to no 10
who has a question for judy carver, the daughter of william golding?
ebook anxieties increase as publishing revolution rolls on
here's something that might interest our uk followers - win 300 worth of national book tokens
which author said: "reading a book is like re-writing it for yourself. " ?
competition for our uk followers - 300 worth of national book tokens to be won
st george's day launch for a new superhero: englishman
world book night 2013: the books you've loved giving
this @jennycolgan gallery is trending again @guardianbooks: terrifying french children's books - in pictures
from above and below : man and the sea - in pictures
world book night 2013 set to give away 500,000 books
this week's poem of the week is night and morning by robert browning
mom and me and mom by maya angelou  review
a man in love by karl ove knausgrd  digested read
capturing the light by roger watson and helen rappaport  review
pluto by glyn maxwell  review
james wood, iain sinclair, robert macfarlane and will self reflect on what wg sebald's work means to them
why has this review suddenly resurfaced @guardianbooks? satantango by lszl krasznahorkai 
bookseller offers readers vouchers to dump kindles
tips, links and suggestions: what you are reading today?
london book fair pins high hopes on debut novelists
le carr makes a return to form with a thriller that resonates with whitehall secrecy during the bush-blair era
what have you started @tomchatfield? - the 10 best words the internet has given english
misery memoirs: why is it different for muslim women?
the invention of the landofisrael by shlomo sand  review
we have over 500k followers! many thanks to everyone for your messages and rts. feel we should mark this occasion in some way....
orwell prize shortlist led by posthumous marie colvin collection
here's some good news for everyone hoping to see mark_haddon @guardianreview book club on april 24. we've upgraded
next-generation ebooks introduced at london book fair
.@tomchatfield has picked his top 10 words given to english by the internet, incl. hashtags+memes. any favourites?
rereading stephen king, chapter 19: thinner
.@trstorey @samjordison okay, so who should be on the 'not the granta' list?
on the eve of the announcement of the @theorwellprize shortlist, here's a reminder of the titles on the longlist
who is ozymandias? and other puzzles in poetry by john fuller  review
neil gaiman urges publishers to 'make mistakes' in uncertain new era
holiday book gift ideas for teens!
the grosset and dunlap art department is looking for a full-time kid's book designer! details here:
the #holidays are coming fast! get great gift ideas from our happy holiday pinterest board!
congrats to our #yathursday winners of snakeroot! @catchinfreebies @woven_ @vanpham88 @trisha71478 @read_draw_dream please check your dms.
7 serious reads to keep the holidays in perspective @buzzfeed
congratulations to our wild ones winners: @jules792000, @anferguson89, @jjallenjr, @timpaul_illo, @erinbaggett -- please check your dms.
the grosset and dunlap art department is looking for a full-time kid's book designer! details here:
rt for a chance to win 1 of 5 copies of wild ones by jon mooallem, one of @nytimes top 100 notable books of 2013:
20 magical childrens christmas books to read aloud:
get a signed copy of farewell, dorothy parker by @ellenmeister in time for the holidays!
the #holidays are here and the #personalpenguin's here to help you shop! #seasonsreadings
7 serious reads to keep the holidays in perspective-including the red hen who dreamed she could fly by hwang sun-mi:
rt @berkleyromance: step out to lunch pick up @staceyballis' fabulous new book! brighten your spirits - on sale now!
rt @averybooks: 20 secret uses for ordinary kitchen gadgets, including a tip from @budget_bytes for easy pie crusts.
gift ideas for everyone on your #holidaylist let penguin holiday wish lists
we are so glad to hear that! #seasonsreadings! rt @syncrecruiter: @penguinusa books are my favorite gift to give and get every year!
forgot dad during the #blackfriday madness? enter to win a set of books for dad from @penguinusa and @randomhouse
don't forget to gift yourself this holiday season. author @annelamott shares this important list on the penguin blog.
orange is the new black friday...penguin orange that is! find great books for the kids on your list here: 
happy thanksgiving! be thankful you're not dining with these dysfunctional characters...
#thistown is one of the best political books of all time! @csmonitor @politics_prose
rt @riverheadbooks: in a charming post, publishing manager matt boyd recommends @mohsin_hamid's book "staff picks":
rt @e_l_james: gonna snuggle down with the professor...
rt @visualamplitude: i must #thankthebook (s) anne of green gables for teaching me about empowered, intelligent women and kindred spirits.
on our blog, @annelamott recommends the books you should give yourself this holiday season:
today, #thankthebook that changed your life -- for a chance to win a penguin classics tote bag! rules here:
great book gifts for lovers of literary fiction and nonfiction:
jump start your #holidayshopping with great books gifts for babies @randomhouse and spread the love of reading!
books for the history buff--holiday suggestions from @randomhouse including books by @natphilbrick and @thurstonclarke
mt @balletbookworm: #thankthebook that made you love reading... the many adventures of winnie-the-pooh! it started with a scratch-n-sniff
get an early look at #morrissey's memoir #autobiography, available for the first time in the us on 12/3.
congratulations to @miketyson, whose book undisputed truth made the @nytimes best seller list! start reading
what's the best ya novel of all time? harry potter vs. #thefaultinourstars by @realjohngreen #tfios
...every paragraph has a line or two that demands to be read aloud@rollingstone autobiography by morrissey order at
#staffpick for those who "want to crawl into the subway tunnel just to see whats there" #rageisback by @adammansbach
#thegoodlordbird author told @npr he "would go home, 'thank god' and feed his cat" after his @nationalbook award win
congrats to the good lord bird and james mcbride on his #nbaward for fiction! @riverheadbooks
if you have yet to read #thesignatureofallthings, we can't urge you to do so enough!
great point about writer's block @gilbertliz. is it really another issue in disguise most of the time?  #readpenguin
great minds! rt @katemarston @gilbertliz will do, thanks! i kid you not, i bought byatt's "possession" this afternoon. #readpenguin
great questions @rebsee #readpenguin
mt @gilbertliz i planned soat the way the allies planned the invasion of normandy  3 years of research, preparation, outlines!
#readpenguin
you should make a casting @pinterest board liz! we love those.  #readpenguin
great! let's get started! we loved #soat! how have the crowds on tour responded to liz the novelist vs. #eatpraylove liz?  #readpenguin
wow rt @duttonbooks: london book benches: are you sitting comfortably?
rt @tarcherbooks: "i sync therefore i am." -hacking happiness's @johnchavens gave a killer @tedx talk.
rt @riverheadbooks: we'll be carrying these fab @megwolitzer inspired totes everywhere:
.@marie_lu says vitro by @jkbibliophile is "something truly magnificent..." last chance to win an early copy!
rt @penguinteen: @marie_lu chatting tonight @ 7pm et! use #championchat to ask qs, enter to win a signed box set
tomorrow, 11/20 from 3-4pm est join us for a live chat with @gilbertliz author of #soat and #eatpraylove
new to penguin blog!
due to a last minute conflict, the #readpenguin chat with @gilbertliz has been moved to 3 pm est, wednesday, nov 20th. we apologize.
#dailydeal for falling kingdoms #book by @morganrhodesya, discounted to $2.99 @amazonkindle
join @firsttoread to preview the secret of magic by deborah johnson and receive 20% off
enter to win a first look at north of boston, praised by @lisagardnerbks as an "utterly riveting debut thriller!" 
"come and have a go if you think you're bard enough." #jarviscocker chats books and writing w @nickhornby on @bbc6music
.@firsttoread returns with a chance to preview the polaris protocol by @bradtaylorbooks ! request it now:
the sister season author, jennifer scott, featured on penguin blog about writing women's fiction and her new novel.
rt @gothambooks: rt @simongarfield: how writers use or ignore letters to lubricate their creative flow...
readers are discovering books from @lisagardnerbks @jchiaverini and more before they hit shelves @firsttoread. join!
enter for a chance to win a collection of five penguin drop caps by november 18. @jessicahische @penguinclassics
how undisputed truth helped me understand my childhood hero, mike tyson
rt @gothambooks: listen to @terryteachout talk about duke on the @nro podcast.
11 famous literary characters on the moment they first met their love:
enter for a chance to win a collection of five penguin drop caps
share your dog's photo on @instagram for a chance to win throw the damn ball, $100 @americanexpress gift card and more!
how to fail at almost everything and still win by by scott adams is @nytimes best seller!  learn more:
congrats to our #yathursday winners of #champion @alongcamemary1 @kapakai @deenawinchester @nanuwins @booknerdgirl16! please check your dms.
the @amazon best books of 2013 are rounded up, featuring so many of our books, we can't even keep track!
rt @penguinpress: gettin down with double down. take this quiz based on the book:
mt @lateshow: dave and bruce mccall discuss their new book, "this land was made for you and me (but mostly me)."
12 things you didnt know about downton abbey and masterpiece by rebecca eaton:
this morning, @huffpost posted the first of two excerpts from tim manleys alice in tumblr-land:
enter to win a copy of donald fagen's book eminent hipsters and a steely dan t-shirt by today!
wow rt @riverheadbooks: our publicity director, @jynnnne, is antarctica's "artist in residence" follow her adventure:
penguin selects: enter for a chance to win vanished by wil s. hylton, ends 11/19:
romance readers, win a set of @aljacksonauthor come to me quietly galleys (1 or you, 1 for a friend!). details here:
have you spotted the @penguinbktruck? be on the lookout for the penguin book truck at locations near you!
stephen r. donaldson lands on the @nytimes best sellers list with the last dark.  learn more:
we didn't see this one coming! mt @penguinpress: elmo and pluto dig into double down by @markhalperin and @jheil.
join @drdavidkatz, author of #diseaseproof, for a live chat on living longer this morning at 11 am est:
explore one of the largest publishing houses and meet bestselling authors at #rhopenhouse on 11/8
join @drdavidkatz, author of #diseaseproof, for a live chat on living longer this friday at 11 am est:
#ebook #dailydeal for @samcabotwriter's blood of the lamb, discounted to $2.99! @ibookstore
#dailydeal for @samcabotwriter's blood of the lamb #ebook, discounted to $2.99!  @amazonkindle
rt @gothambooks: another great @psychtoday piece by @harrietlerner: 15 simple rules for a remarkable relationship.
rt @riverheadbooks: national cat day love: kitty curled up w @mohsin_hamid's how to get filthy rich in rising asia:
rt @duttonbooks: take your worship of books to the next level at @bookriot's cool bookish places:
celebrating @putnambooks pub of #morrissey's memoir on 12/3 with a round up of moz's  literary moments at @buzzfeed.
ever thought, 'there should be a german word for that?' enter an idea or phrase you'd like to see turned into german:
rt @blueriderpress: great @newyorker piece on neologisms, featuring @benschott's #schottenfreude
congratulations to mary oliver and dog songs for landing on the @nytimes best sellers list!  read an excerpt:
.@annelamotts on @oprahs @supersoulsunday, 11amet! have ?s for anne- ask them using #supersoulsunday  shes live tweeting during show!
don't forget to watch @valerieplame on real time with @billmaher, tonight!  learn more:
rt @vromans: new on the blog- what ails you? 'the novel cure' can help you out! 
share books w/ your community for #wbn2014 @wbnamerica on 4/23/14! view the book list:
apply to be a world book night giver #wbn2014 give books to people in your community on april 23, 2014!  @wbnamerica
rt @plumebooks: the last runaway comes out in pb next week. win a copy on @goodreads
wow! rt @vikingchildrens: brazen by @kalongshore has a gorgeous cover!
which of the seven deadlies are you? create a pinterest board inspired by the 7 deadly sins to win prizes. rules:
rt @plumebooks: if you need an afternoon laugh, watch the throw the damn ball video! dogs+poetry=amazing
author of seven deadlies, @gigilevangie talks "gluttony" with @inkandpage! 
.@putnambooks author stuart woods takes a page out of one of his stone barrington novels and tours a new jet:
visit @firsttoread for a chance to read an early copy of dan hurley's smarter.  learn more:
check out @valerieplame, author of blowback, on real time with @billmaher this friday, october 25! learn more:
the signature of all things by @gilbertliz is a @nytimes best seller!  read an excerpt:
the amazing adventures of @edwardhamster and michael chabon (at @greatgoodplace)
want a chance to get an advance copy of @peterbrichmonds new book on phil jackson? sign up for @firsttoread!
congrats to our #yathursday winners of blythewood: @bittycornwell, @nookbksnmore, @cbgot2, @dianas5, and @soulfliesfree! please check your dms
are you as well read as #morrissey? we review some of our fave moz literary moments  at @buzzfeed.
read excerpts from the 2013 #nbaward finalists for free! download #thecontenders ebooks here:
comiccon may be over but there's still chances to win a #vampireacademy movie poster signed by @richellemead!
can't get enough of bridget jones and mark darcy? neither can we:
we're thrilled--james mcbride's the good lord bird has been named to the national book award fiction shortlist!
rt @duttonbooks: the universe in the rearview mirror author @askaphysicist and @blastoffpodcast chat about the universe
rt @gothambooks reddit #ama alert: j. maarten troost will talk about the south pacific and more today at 2pm et. @reddit
rt @vikingbooks: very happy pub date to @davidlaskin! the family now available in stores near you. trailer (video):
.@allensalkin #fromscratch author quoted in tonight's e! true hollywood story on paula deen, airing at 10pm! details:
ladybug girl and the big snow is a @nytimes best seller!  congratulations to  jacky davis and david soman! learn more:
eric schlosser lands on the @nytimes best sellers list with command and control! read an excerpt:
.@putnambooks is giving you the chance to win jd robbs latest bestseller, thankless in death, via #instagram:
mt @colleenlindsay: preview night #nycc fans! meet s.j. harper and get a signed copy of cursed at booth #2129, tonight at 7:30pm! #penguinnycc
mt @colleenlindsay: follow the #penguinnycc hashtag for a chance to win cool limited edition @penguinusa horror classic tote bags! #nycc
sins of the angels #ebook by linda poitevin now discounted to $1.99!  @nookbn
create a drop cap letterform for your favorite book with letterer and illustrator, @jessicahische
rt @plumebooks: next #giveaway coming up in 15 minutes... @penguinusa
(2 of 2) @carley222, @lindsayhess07, @trisha71478, @dianetowin -- please check your dms. thanks for playing!
mt @blueriderpress: how i learned to be half of a non-existent writer by sj rozan  @samcabotwriter
last day to enter @gilbertliz's @pinterest contest! you have until 11:59pm est to create your board. rules:
create a drop cap letterform for your favorite book with letterer and illustrator, @jessicahische
mt @readitforward: want to play a game? #undeadlit : add a zombie themed word to a book title for a chance to win world war z paperback.
erica bauermeister's the school of essential ingredients #ebook discounted to $1.99, today only!  @nookbn
@catherincoulter and the final cut land on the @nytimes best sellers list!  read an excerpt:
tracy chevalier's girl with a pearl earring #ebook discounted to $2.99 today only! @ibookstore
a tale dark and grimm #ebook by adam gidwitz discounted to $2.99 today only! @nookbn
rt @duttonbooks: faith on fridays @morning_joe hosted @timkellernyc, discussed turning to faith in times of suffering
otis fun fact: mt @jumpstartkids when they were little, @lorenlong's sons wanted to name otis little green samuel! #readfortherecord
thanks to @deliaephon for being here with us tonight, and to all of you who joined us with your questions.  #readpenguin
when you head out on tour @deliaephron which are your favorite cities for food, books, etc.? #readpenguin
mt @deliaephron also mentors -- have them thruout life -- @blueriderpress. a great publisher is a great thing for a writer
more #ephron wisdom: @deliaephron: "my mom said something similar.  if you want to be a writer, write a letter and take off salutation"
do you think your sister relationships are unique, or do the struggles between sisters exist in all families? #readpenguin
just 30 mins until our chat w/ @deliaephron about sister mother husband dog! 7:30pm est:
@nydailynews gives #thesignatureofallthings by @gilbertliz a 2 page feature
rt @vikingbooks: "the only thing better than eating in paris is reading in paris." -- @annmahnet. read more here:
rt @everydayebook: @deliaephron is a writer to read, cherish, and reread.
look back at happier days for #bridgetjones and #darcy in advance of @bridgetjoneshf  bridget jones: mad about the boy.
read this delicious piece: a salty error, by ann mah, author of mastering the art of french eating on our blog:
"it takes 5 weeks to grow stache" watch @nickofferman on @todayshow
rt @riverheadbooks: watch #fantasylife author @matthewberrytmr on 60 minutes sports tomorrow 10pm est @sho_network!
our editorial director elda rotor's ama! she'll be back at 12 to answer, get your questions in now:
tomorrow is the day #thesignatureofallthings is out! while you wait, check out @nydailynews profile of @gilbertliz
we're almost half way through our chat with @duranduran! send us your questions with #readpenguin!
mt @duranduran thirty minutes!! @thisistherealjt's chat will begin at 4pm est. get those qs in and include #readpenguin
"vibrant" and "engrossing" says janet maslin @newyorktimes of #thesignatureofallthings by @gilbertliz. start reading:
rt @vikingbooks: read an excerpt of #thesignatureofallthings by @gilbertliz here:
enter to win a copy of the golden city by j. kathleen cheney, a fresh new voice in historical fantasy:
rt @penguinclassics: yes i said yes i will yes.
murder on astor place by victoria thompson #ebook discounted tonight to $1.99 on
edward the hamster blogged for us! wonder how long it took those tiny paws to type this up:
rt @averybooks: robin quivers from @sternshow will discuss the vegucation of robin at bandn union square 10/9! details:
rt @putnambooks: author @allensalkin spills "8 tasty facts you probably dont know about food network" @grubstreetny:
mt @tarcherbooks: support our fundraiser for organizations @firstbook and @826nyc. fight illiteracy, #donate today!
read a banned book and share important quotes from challenged books using hashtag #bannedbooksweek.
"its no secret that at penguin, were proud of our history with banned books." -sam raim
mt @penguinclassics: "read a banned book this week to celebrate your right to do so.."
if this is the best of possible worlds, what then are the others?  voltaire, candide 
like us on fb? enter our sweepstakes to win the signature of all things, pilgrims, and stern men by elizabeth gilbert:
rt @thisistherealjt goodnight everyone.. nice to hear from you all. so much fun, lets do it again soon xx #readpenguin
mt @thisistherealjt @duranice why this new #itpg edition has #nickrhodes introduction? it was an idea of the nice penguin ppl #readpenguin
we've got 10 mins left with @thisistherealjt! send those questions while you can! use #readpenguin
rt @thisistherealjt  these questions and comments are coming so fast #readpenguin
rt @nikkisnow73 @thisistherealjt wanted to say how much i enjoyed your book. a real eye opener!#readpenguin
hi @tracyfichter the paperback of in the pleasure groove is available tomorrow!
rt @penguindigiusa: suffering from writer's block, why don't you wreck this app? now share w/ instagram and tumblr
rt @penguinclassics: happy #bannedbooksweek! to start you off, read about the histories of infamously banned books:
congratulations to clive cussler for making the @nytimes best sellers list with the mayan secrets. read an excerpt: 
embrace a #fearlessfriday alongside #somenerve author @pattychanganker!
mt @duttonbooks: archetype author @_mdwaters prepares for @bmorebookfest talks to @rt_magazine
enter for a chance to win a galley of the necromancers house by christopher buehlman, an amazing horror novel:
thanks so much @gayleforman for your time these last 3 weeks. so lucky to have great authors who spend times with fans!  #readpenguin
fabulous advice for #writers from @gayleforman in tonight's #readpenguin chat.
rt @robstenvsthem omg i just followed @gayleforman and learned that if i stay is going to be made.into a movie! how exiting!!!#readpenguin
we're excited. mt @gayleforman casting questions: mia's dad. you guys should hear pretty soon. i can't say more. #readpenguin
you should consider bringing the kitten on tour for #justoneyear!  #readpenguin
rt @katskywriter24 @gayleforman what/who inspired you to start writing? #readpenguin
on the censorship topic, do you have any favorite reads for #bannedbooksweek?  #readpenguin
hi @littlebookstar, thanks for being here. tweet your questions for @gayleforman with: #readpenguin
10 minutes to go until we kick off our final #readpenguin #chat with @gayleforman about #justoneday.
15 types of readers, as told by cats and dogs
enter to win our @gilbertliz prize pack on facebook! the signature of all things  plus pilgrims and stern men
author and journalist @raysuareznews on the legacy and the future of latino americans
congrats to @nationalbook #nbaward longlisters: thomas pynchon's #bleedingedge and james mcbride's the good lord bird
rt @penguincareers: we're hiring a publishing assistant supporting the president of penguin group usa! job posting:
mt @duttonbooks: "covet is powerful stuff, honest and brutal" @nyjournalofbook dives into @tgarvisgraves' new novel
mt @gothambooks: congrats to @terryteachout! duke has made the @nationalbook awards for nonfiction long list:
what breakfast food was an original ingredient in green slime? answer for chance at 2 tix to ny #nickelodeon event on 9/27 +copies of slimed
want to win 2 tickets to the 92nd street y #nickelodeon event friday, sept 27th + 2 copies of the new book slimed?
"coulter and ellison deliver a book that's sure to be one of the best thrillers of the year. @ap on the final cut:
"bleeding edge is totally gonzo, totally wonderful." ~ @washingtonpost ..andon sale today:
rt @penguinbktruck: penguin book truck has 2 big events this weekend! saturday hartford's @envisionfest
great cause! rt @tarcherbooks: help us plan for a better future by donating @firstbook and @826nyc to fight illiteracy
the extract from my #inmyshoesbook in the mail on sunday is here! #tamaramellon #inmyshoes
be the first to read the sequel to @bethkery's because your are mine called because we belong.
(1 of 2) congrats to our roald dahl day winners: @wcmotley, @gisellecny, @livandjakesmama, @jennseiler, @pr1nc3ssalis, @kellychampion3...
rt @huffingtonpost: 11 things roald dahl books can teach you about life in honor of his birthday
use your creative eye for fashion, style, and decor to enter our #styleasylum pinterest board contest:
we've run out of time in tonight's chat w @gayleforman but we'll be back on 9/19 @ 7 pm et for a full hour! details:
we all want to know--how do you write such swoony, swoony guys? #readpenguin @gayleforman #justoneday
just 1 hour till our #readpenguin chat w @gayleforman about love and romance in #justoneday! get your questions ready and tune in @ 7pm et!
rt @penguinpbks: .@caleb_crain talks about acclaimed 1st novel necessary errors discover great new writers:
rt @penguinteen: tonight @ 7 pm et @gayleforman's 2nd #readpenguin book club chat! theme is love and romance!
celebrate fashion with a pinterest board for a chance to win @simondoonan's the asylum among other prizes:
every book is different for an author says @natashasolomons. including what happens outside the book.
shows there was a lot more to wilson @bloombergnews on wilson, the new bio from pulitzer prize winner a. scott berg
good night everyone. visit us:
mt @riverheadbooks: admit what you dont know w/ leah hager cohens i dont know, this weeks @oprah book of the week
"a tale of uncommon elegance, power and originality.kirkus, starred review for all the truth that's in me
.@sidavidepstein, author of @nytimes bestselling book the sports gene, tackles any and all questions tonight at 7 in a @reddit_ama
why we want to see 12 years a slave: "[t]he most emotionally powerful film i have seen in a decade" @buzzfeed
get more scarpetta today mt @1pcornwell the bone bed is now available in paperback!
congratulations to @david_wilcock for making the @nytimes best sellers list with the synchronicity key.  learn more:
rt @tarcherbooks: cozy up with a good book this weekend! check out our newest #fridayreads suggestions!
rt @averybooks: check out this short 'n sweet @nytmag shoutout re: @melodymoezzi's haldol and hyacinths
rt @tarcherbooks: what was your #favorite #book of the #summer? tweet @tarcherbooks to share your picks and we'll add to our @pinterest board!
rt @blueriderpress: simon doonan on @instagram.you'd be insane not to follow. photo of his dog liberace and #theasylum
rt @riverheadbooks: great news! the sound of things falling is @mashlifestyle's september #mashreads pick!
check out our #streetart coloring book outside the lines on @boingboing:
happy #nyfw everyone! win a $500 gift card to jonathan adler stores by creating a #styleasylum pinterest board:
caught on camera  chef bobby flay with @allensalkins forthcoming book: from scratch: inside the food network-
16 amazing libraries:
the final book in alec nevala-lee's international thriller trilogy is available now! get eternal empire here:
mt @duttonbooks: help @lisagardnerbks get to 30k facebook fans and she'll donate $10k to conway area humane society!
thanks for being here with us @gayleforman #readpenguin
great advice for writers @gayleforman.  #readpenguin
she'll be here for 15 more mins! rt @mundiemoms . @gayleforman is chatting with fans live right now via @penguinteen's #readpenguin
looks like @gayleforman is here and ready to go. tonight we're talking about travel!  #readpenguin
join our travel themed #readpenguin chat w/just one day and if i stay author @gayleforman this evening 77:30pm est.
come join junot daz for a reading and signing of this is how you lose her tonight at 7pm, bandn union sq, nyc:
12 years a slave premiered at the telluride #film fest to great reviews and oscar buzz:  
rt @continuants: lil bub's big show is the best thing on the internet and i am so happy she exists.
celebrate the new #childrensbook series recipe for adventure w/food network star @gdelaurentiis this thursday at bandn union sq, nyc.
did you have a fantasy football draft party over the weekend? @riverheadbooks shares a great draft party story:
check out the trailer for @ryanholidays e-special growth hacker marketing, on-sale tuesday:
pinterest users, enter to win the asylum by simon doonan and a $500 gift card to jonathan adler stores
@kapakai please follow us so we can contact you, thanks
what should you wear today? dunno, maybe this awesome bookshelf skirt @bookriot found online
1 is pretty bad mt @doubledaypub the 13 worst things that can happen while you're reading (@buzzfeedbooks)
rt @riverheadbooks: margot by @jilliancantor is an @o_magazine pick for september:
good night book lovers! visit us and browse new books:
necessary errors is a very good novel, an enviably good one... james wood, @newyorker
rt @largeheartedboy: largehearted word books of the week - august 28, 2013
rt @putnambooks: tonight at 8pm, chat w/author @bcwilliamsbooks and @coastalliving abt her amazing novel, a hundred summers, using #clbookclub
mt @vikingbooks @maggie_riggs: the making of the leopards cover w/ kris jansma and alison forner:
enter to win the the dark path, a smart, funny and searingly honest memoir by david schickler:
rt @plumebooks: slimed! author mathew klickstein discusses cartoon censorship on this @todayshow @nickoralhistory
rt @pameladormanbks: enter to win a copy @natashasolomons's the gallery of vanished husbands @plumebooks:
rt @morgfair: great @billmoyershq interview @markleibovich his book this town: dcs bipartisan love or power and money
congratulations to @danbalz for making the @nytimes best sellers list with collision 2012.  read an excerpt:
@juliegarwood lands on the @nytimes best sellers list with hotshot!  read an excerpt:
rt @gothambooks have you pre-ordered @iamlilbub's book? win a limited edition bookmark and bookplate.
have a great night and feel free to tweet more #bookstalgia moments, we love 'em!
great bks! mt @twilightsleepya:along w/ little women, another #bookstalgia for me is a wrinkle in time. made me question everything i knew!
get #bookstalgia for the past with @jojomoyes' the girl you left behind. enter to win a copy
mt @yannzey peter pan by jm barrie! its like my door to my childhood memories and also to neverland :) i do believe in faeries! #bookstalgia
us too mt @bigbigbooklover: the fault in our stars because it made me appreciate life...it made my heart melt. #bookstalgia
our co-worker just watched the neverending story again
today's #dailydeal the dirty streets of heaven by @tadwilliams is $1.99 in e-formats
required reading:
junot daz: how i write:
the girl you left behind is on sale now...but 5 copies are up for grabs here (us only):
if you can't get enough @jojomoyes, we're giving away 5 copies of the girl you left behind! enter here:
we can't help but ask a final question...are you particularly fond of stripy tights? @jojomoyes  #readpenguin
ha! rt @jojomoyes @penguinusa i'm already on facebook, twitter and instagram. not sure i can cope with another diversion! #readpenguin
we've got 30 more mins with @jojomoyes chatting about #mebeforeyou. you don't want to miss this! join us. use #readpenguin. @twitterbooks
were you certain how #mebeforeyou would end when you started writing? @jojomoyes #readpenguin
great question. so much medical info in #mebeforeyou. rt @mejionie did you research sci before writing? #readpenguin
are you ready to go @jojomoyes? everyone remember to use #readpenguin in your tweets.
love #poetry? learn your favorite poems anywhere, anytime w/our #poemsbyheart app:
today's the day! join our #readpenguin chat with @jojomoyes 3-4pm et. details here:
on fridays @billmoyershq, @markleibovich reveals what he has learned about a city where money rules:
we're giving away 1 signed copy of me before you by @jojomoyes right now! share your favorite novel by #jojomoyes for the chance to win it.
mt @riverheadbooks: enter to #win the good lord bird and the sound of things falling via #instagram:
the good lord bird by james mcbride is on sale today!
don't forget, we're chatting with @jojomoyes at 3pm est this wednesday, 8/21. bring your questions!
boy gets girl with adorable children's book proposal:
excited for #epl season on @nbcsn? tweet us your favorite epl team to be entered to win a copy of the numbers game:
congratulations to @lindafairstein for making the @nytimes best sellers list with death angel.  read an excerpt:
now is your chance to win a @nickofferman hand crafted wooden paddle...among other prizes:
love #janeausten? so do all these authors of austen-inspired books
.@shailenewoodley is cutting her hair for @tfios_movie and donating it to a good cause
what would ron swanson do? enter @nick_offerman's paddle your own canoe pre-order sweepstakes to win stuff
new favorite mashup: jane austen's fight club (apparently a few years old but just saw it thanks to @bookriot)
with @austenlandmovie coming out in nyc and la tomorrow, now is a good time for some other austen-inspired books
rt @juliehearts: #booksbeforebed always have more than one.
mt @bibliostartv: @caleb_crain talks acclaimed new novel, necessary errors and recognizing there is no "wrong time"
the paddle your own canoe by @nick_offerman sweeps prizes incl decorative paddles and autographed illustrations:
with books from @gilbertliz, sue grafton, thomas pynchon and more coming this fall, you won't want to miss a thing!
laurie halse anderson tackles alcoholism, ptsd in new book:
rt @vikingbooks: when mike cooper (@coop) wrote a blurb for robert galbraith, he had no idea who that really was...
rt @riverheadbooks: npr books behind the scenes look at the (real) world of publishing in this spot-on qanda
enter to win a signed copy of blood of the lamb:
50 sci-fi/fantasy novels that everyone should read by @flavorwire
rt @drshow: today 11/10c: best-selling author tana french on why mystery novelsandliterature aren't mutually exclusive
congrats to our #yafriday winners: @sln319, @msanncraft, @simplycaren, @mardiohn, and @brianmanis1. please check your dms for details
help reveal the title of @richellemead's #bloodlines 5! become a fan of the bloodlines fb pg and share w your friends!
not only is it friday, but it's also national book lovers day!
@elvesse it's actually a list from @flavorwire
owning and operating a brain is hard. @davidmcraney wants to help
did you watch @stephenathome dancing to daft punk's 'get lucky'? did you spot 2 penguin authors? we did:
rt @suemonkkidd i'm very excited to reveal the cover of my new novel, #inventionofwings
browse our #summerreads lists and make sure your tbr lists are complete before summer's end:
15 zadie smith quotes and essays that will rock your life:
mt @riverheadbooks: hope, a tragedy is 1 of 3 finalists for @thurberhouse's 2013 thurber prize for american humor!
come meet sophie hannah, author of kind of cruel, 7pm tonight at the bookmark shoppe in brooklyn:
in the husband's secret, cecilia fitzpatrick is a successful tupperware saleswoman who seems to have it all:
mt @berkleyromance: betsy killed the devil and theres hell to pay in undead and unsure by maryjanice davidson:
the @wsj scene asia blog talks to jen lin-liu about the history of the noodle and her book on the noodle road:
.@npr suggests 13 penguin books for kids ages 9-14:
enter to win a signed copy of blood of the lamb:
"last summer [there] was gone girl...this summer, there is the silent wife by a. s. a. harrison"
congratulations to @matthewberrytmr for making the @nytimes best sellers list with fantasy life!  learn more:
#dailydeal purchase the risk agent by @ridleypearson ebook for just $1.99 today only. find it at @kobo and more
"to be devoured like candy, between tears." --@oprah
we're sleeping the lights on tonight! rt @the_rumpus: get scared with these two-sentence horror stories
mt @markleibovich hey, i'm doing one of these reddit ask me anything things at 4 pm today
mt @putnambooks: "binge-reading list: 22 kinsey millhone novels" @bookishhq preps you for w is for wasted:
rt @ellemagazine chat live with author koethi zan! the writer of the summer's most suspenseful thriller is here now:
it's @annelyerly's #bookbday for a good birth! listen to our podcast with her
@heartheartsbook oh no! let's figure out the mixup via dm.
author of #thistown @markleibovichs gif debut from @thedailyshow with @iamjohnoliver:
it's last call for the @lisagardnerbks beach bag giveaway! don't miss your chance to win great summer reading swag:
we enjoyed a very happy birthday thanks to you! visit us and check out what's new:
we're sending you gifts, too! @staceyigraham @jessenicho @heather__ilene @ofabookworm @_samanthadean #happybirthdaypenguinbooks
a p.g. wodehouse collection! rt @bevinselizabeth: #happybirthdaypenguinbooks
nice collection! rt @paulamcnutt: robertson davies books! i can't choose a favorite! #happybirthdaypenguinbooks
rt @christinacastro: my favorite bookshelf! all my books of #poetry by penguin. :) #happybirthdaypenguinbooks
we see penguin orange! &lt;3 rt @librariasaurus: #happybirthdaypenguinbooks i've always loved you and i always will!
thanks for taking the time to be here with us tonight @markleibovich. we know you're pretty busy these days!  #thistown
.@ryrivard as the publisher of both @penguinclassics and #thistown, we can't help but think that might have served procopius well.
little did linkedin know they'd be involved in tonight's chat! @markleibovich  #thistown
author @markleibovich on the best thing about dc: "the young idealists...they keep coming back." #thistown
questions about #thistown for @markleibovich? join us as he chats for 30 mins after his @thedailyshow appearance 11:30 est. @twitterbooks.
rt @thedailyshow this week john oliver welcomes @markleibovich, @timgunn, @hankazaria, and @iamcolinquinn. #dailyshow 11/10c.
rt @duttonbooks: follow us and rt to enter to #win a galley of compound fractures the final installment of author stephen white's alan...
purchase the orchid affair ebook by lauren willig for just $2.99. today only! @bookishhq
#dailydeal the orchid affair ebook by lauren willig is just $2.99 today only! purchase @bnbuzz
#dailydeal her royal spyness by rhys bowen ebook is just $1.99 today only. purchase @bookishhq:
.@buzzfeed features and the mountains echoed and the sound of things falling "acclaimed summer books"
check @ew online next monday 7/29 to read the first chapter of @richellemead's new book the fiery heart!
mt @tarcherbooks: variety for your #summerreading list: check out these 12 #weird books from @mental_floss
jfk and jackies secret life between the covers: @thurstonclarke on the kennedys' relationship with books
looking for something historical mixed with fiction to read this summer?
yay! mt @penguindigiusa: @kelleyarmstrongs #cainsvillefiles, our 1st interactive story, now available @appstore
and we hope you'll join us for more of our #readpenguin chats in the future. watch
how old is that hp?  #readpenguin
is it difficult for you to leave your characters behind when you finish a novel? was it hard to leave emily and wil?  #readpenguin
rt @littlebookstar describe your book in 3 words #readpenguin
. @thesablirab hold that question! @maxbarry will be here to answer in 15 mins. #readpenguin
rt @popmatters: love comes to town in susan choi's excellent ' my education'
detroit [
reminder: @annelamotts live chat begins at 1pm et, here:
our 3rd and final #readpenguin chat with @maxbarry, author of lexicon is wed 7/24 at 7 pm est. details:
enter to win our new #penguinselects boxed set of six fall titles you'll love:
the poster for #vampireacademy was revealed last night on yahoo! movies! check it out:
rt @duttonbooks: what do antimatter, a bryn mawr-ter and 'hot tub time machine' have in common? ask @askaphysicist
rt @penguinpbks: have you picked up the silent wife yet?
rt @plumebooks: fun tumblr for @natashasolomons's gallery! who would you be? #vanishedhusbands
.@ewstephanlee shares summer books that @goodreads users are lovingincluding @bcwilliamsbookss a hundred summers!
mark leibovich, author of this town, is appearing on @foxnews today, sunday 7/21. check your local listings.
tell us, how's your comic-con going? have you visited us @ booth # 1028/1030?
#penguincon rt @leannaalice: so awesome that @penguinusa is at #comiccon. i am definitely #nerdy over books.
rt @plumebooks: #nickelodeon fans -- tickets on sale now for the @92y nick event mc'd by our slimed author!
we've been reminded, it is #yathursday, rt to win a copy of belladonna by fiona paul (@fionawritesya)
would you ride the story coaster? in this heat, we'd love a dunk in "unresolved subplots"
rt @blueriderpress: how do things really work (or not work) in #dc? @markleibovich's #thistown is on sale now!
here here! mt @brigidblack: @benjerrystruck to come to @penguinusa! gonna be 99 degrees; penguins need froyo! #omgfreebenjerrys
for details on upcoming chats
good point! @maxbarry @neilhimself #readpenguin
rt @syrupmoviefans @maxbarry have you read the book you got from the #syrupmovie set? any comments? #readpenguin
welcome @syrupmoviefans! @maxbarry #readpenguin
@maxbarry, all set to go?  #readpenguin
join our #readpenguin chat with @maxbarry about lexicon tonight at 7 est. details here:
visit us at booth 1028/1030 at #sdcc
rt @hudsonstpress: happy #takeyourpoettoworkday!
mt @pameladormanbks: @annelamott on #mebeforeyou by @jojomoyes: "i will stake my reputation on this book." wow!
we should have it, @penguinclassics? mt @emarieheron: my bookseller said to me u didn't sell illiad / odysseus by homer anymore?
is it a bird? is it a plane? it's a ufo! mt @tarcherbooks: upcoming #ufo books (
rt @averybooks: being a lifelong bookworm may keep you sharp in old age
mt @gothambooks: @biographile: ray walker (@maisonilan): kicking ass and taking grapes in road to burgundy
sounds amazing. are you going anywhere this summer? mt @roughguides: 10 top hot pools to take a dip in iceland
rt @blueriderpress: #thisgreenroom for #thistown w @markleibovich and aaron sorkin @cbsthismorning
rt @duttonbooks: what style matches your library? mt @simonschuster: 20 brilliant bookshelves for modern bookworms
rt @duttonbooks: "where are the anti-people?" excerpt the universe in the rearview mirror by @askaphysicist in @sciam
@nfergus makes the @nytimes best sellers list with the great degeneration! read an excerpt:
.@heausatoday shares an exclusive excerpt from @jayneannkrentzs upcoming romantic susp river road:
rt @gothambooks: "a great read." @thegoodwineguru reviews the road to burgundy by @maisonilan
read an excerpt from john rosengrens acclaimed baseball bio hank greenberg on @sinow
don't miss tonight's google hangout feature #lucydahl and @misspyle. it starts at 7 pm et! @matildabroadway
.@annelamott will be chatting live and answering your questions on @peoplemag wed. july 24, 1pm. details:
enter to win a copy of ten things i learnt about love, tell us here one thing you've learned about love
a debate that we hope never ends: @the_millions asks what is the great american novel
look who turned up on jeopardy! in a new york city taxi...
rt @blueriderpress: elevator pitch for @markleibovich's #thistown, via @nprnews
will you be the @firsttoread @mleightonbooks upcoming everything for us? visit
beautiful contemporary art for classic novels via @flavorpillbooks
thanks for joining us! hope to hear from you all during our next #readpenguin chat with @maxbarry on 7/17th.
rt @bookaddictkatie: @penguinusa @maxbarry have you ever read lullaby by@chuckpalahniuk? another example of words being deadly #readpenguin
great! thanks for being here with us tonight @maxbarry. we'll start--what inspired the idea for lexicon? #readpenguin
15 minutes until our #readpenguin chat with lexicon author @maxbarry tonight (july 9th) at 7 est! details:
fictional fetishes: if sigmund freud psychoanalyzed characters from books, on @bookishhq
on @npratctoday: the sound of things falling, and the mountains echoed and she left me the gun are #summerreads
read @gillianbagwell's post "the book of common prayer: when the age-old words were new" on our author blog here:
check out the new books offered @firsttoread, where readers have early access to upcoming penguin books!
rt @gillianbagwell: when did a man first say "with this ring i thee wed"? my 3rd post on penguin blog: the book of...
tweet @penguinpress one thing you've learnt about love for a chance to win ten things i've learnt about love:
need more ideas for #summerreads? from @cbsthismorning
rt @riverheadbooks: @nytimes on mark kurlansky's ready for a brand new beat: "how one hit song sums up an era":
rt @penguinpbks: aspiring writers: do you frequent cafes? @rebeccamakkai's latest piece for @pshares is up your alley
listen to an audio clip of malavita by tonino benacquista for today's #audioafternoon:
rt @thrillerwriters: did ya see? #thrillerfest13 is a @timeoutnewyork's critic's pick! july 10-13
rt @berkleyromance: happy 4th of july week everyone! were doing another sweepstakes! here are the rules:
in time for the 4th: @ft raves about sentinel author david lefers book the founding conservatives
the in-house penguin employee book club chose a classic for july. we're reading the picture of dorian gray:
tell us who you think the most sinister literary figure in history is w/ #readpenguin for the chance to win a copy of lexicon.
rt @tarcherbooks: love #theartistsway? we are happy to announce that @j_cameronlive has put out two new especials!
enter to #win a copy of after glow by jayne ann krentz writing as jayne castle.
#thedaythecrayonsquit sweepstakes continues! tell @penguinkids your favorite crayon, w/ #supportthecrayons for a chance to win the book
video: what @khaledhosseini has been up to since the pub of his instant @nytimes bestseller and the mountains echoed:
don't miss a literary event, ever! @flavorpillbooks compiled a calendar for you lit-lovers:
mt @duttonbooks: if the ac isn't cutting it, the 9th girl by @tamihoag "will have even summer readers shivering"
our favorite kind of penguin rt @duttonbooks: anyone in need of a motivational penguin?
actor and writer @jamesfrancotv on his favorite @penguinclassics
.@grossetpss takes #madlibs back to its cocktail party roots. check out our "adult mad libs" website!
we wish you all the best of reads and a good night, too. visit us:
attention talented designers! great job available for an asst/assoc #artdirector w/ @grossetpss @penguinusa! |
here's our latest collection of erotic novels:
rt @putnambooks: "freud's mistress is a story riddled with passion and thwarted love." curled up shares a rave review:
rt @duttonbooks: average is over @tylercowen a buckle-your-seatbelts, swiftly moving tour of the new economic landscape via @kirkusreviews
the wedding photos of 16 famous authors in love
congrats! rt @rutasepetys: yay! out of the easy is listed amongst amazon's "top books of 2013 so far"
rt @plumebooks: if you're a fan of the #flashman books, this one is on sale in e-book for the first time ever, today!
rt @penguinteen: what happens in vegas stays in vegas..what about new vegas?
rt @averybooks: 2013 summer cookbooks on @eatthelove, including @whatkatieate
rt @signeteclipse: love sexy cowboys? enter to win a galley of @loreleijames' turn and burn
congratulations to @altgeldshrugged for making the @nytimes best sellers list with tao of martha!  read an excerpt:
#dailydeal one last thing before i go by jonathan tropper ebook is available @kobo for just $2.99. today only!
#dailydeal the 5th wave by rick yancey ebook is available @kobo for just $9.99. today only!
the 5th wave by rick yancey ebook is on sale for $9.99 today only. find it at @bnbuzz:
coming this fall: the diary of #edwardthehamster 1990-1990. introduce yourself to edward today
mt @duttonbooks: @richellemead interview w/ @examinercom
will you be the @firsttoread linwood barclays upcoming book, a tap on the window? visit
rt @duttonbooks: death angel author @lindafairstein is twitter chatting today at 3pmest with @makerswomen join using #makerschat
the further adventures of eve ross, best friend of katey kontent in rules of civility by amor towles
rt @putnambooks: do you know sherlock and savich, stars of catherine coulter's bestselling fbi thrillers? win books
rt @acerocbooks: read @djangowexler's awesome short on @io9! "the coolest fantasy story you'll read this week!"
rt @penguinpress: new york: see @maxbarry tonight at 7pm at the ues bandn! he'll be reading from his new book lexicon.
if pandora had tupperware, maybe the secrets in the husbands secret would not have been released:
rt @duttonbooks: a conspiracy of faith is the latest in jussi adler-olsen's "great mystery series" feat department q
will you be the @firsttoread @authorcfeehan's upcoming book, dark lycan. visit
rt @fredricklynn: win a signed copy of gameboard of the gods by @richellemead | #ageofx |
yes! mt @rachelcaine: @penguinusa has done an absolutely killer job on this book and we're just getting started. look for handouts at #sdcc.
excited to announce the launch of @firsttoread, an early access program for readers.
philip pullman on his favorite @penguinclassics short story collections
mt @penguinpress @michaelpollan: the challenges of eating ethically on the road in the bbq belt.
rt @duttonbooks: the genius of dogs author @dognition: "your dog may be smarter than you think" on @cbsmiami
charlaine harris shares pics and stories from the #trueblood premiere
smarttribes by @comaford is a @nytimes best seller!  learn more here:
emmy award-winning series #supersoulsunday all-new @oprah and nba coach phil jackson: the "zen master" 11am et/pt @owntv tomorrow morning!
today only! #dailydeal one rough man by brad taylor ebook discounted to $1.99. purchase from @walmart here:
today only! #dailydeal one rough man by brad taylor ebook discounted to $1.99. purchase from @bnbuzz here
follow penguins around the globe today as we walk to raise money for @girlswritenow at #penguindkwalk. learn more:
#supersoulsunday w/ all-new episode @oprah and nba legend coach phil jackson on fathers day sunday, june 16 at 11a.m. et/pt @owntv
some books are #betterinbed. which books do you read in bed? enter to win books from @berkleyromance and @signeteclipse
@tonydalton10 @sirkenrobinson if you've not read finding your element, that's a great place to start. #readpenguin

.@sirkenrobinson advice for new #grads. "where you start doesn't determine where you may go." #readpenguin
if you're chatting with @sirkenrobinson #adobeandsirken you can continue the conversation now with #readpenguin. #sirkenelement
17 movies starring books from @bookriot
it's #yathursday! win a copy of my life next door by @huntleyfitz rt to win, sorry us only
are you good at something you don't love? let @sirkenrobinson help you find your element. chat on 6/13 at 2:30 est. #readpenguin
listen to an excerpt from the boys in the boat by daniel james brown, read by edward herrmann:
penguin staffer julie schaeffer blogs about her summer reading: #callthemidwife
our academic marketing team joined tumblr!
chat w/ author of the liar, the bitch and the wardrobe @alliekingsley on ask me anything today @ 2pm est:
camille sweeney and josh gosfield (@artofdoingbook) have some tips for new grads
mt @alexa_chung: do judge a book by it's cover. #book #penguin
rt @blueriderpress: tonight: leanne shapton will speaking at the 5x15 nyc event, 7pm at the player's club:
mad libs for everyone! rt @ifitsachoice: our author, @goodasyou, gets fun pride month swag. thanks, @penguinusa
rt @gothambooks: "an outstanding literary experience." @bookreporter reviews the world's strongest librarian
rt @riverheadbooks: spotted in o, the oprah magazine: #summerreads selections, the yonahlossee riding camp for girls
yum rt @rychepet: @penguinusa my dad made the best grilled cheese sandwiches! nom nom #booksfordad
the first of our staff picks series, lindsay writes about her experience reading the kite runner while traveling:
congratulations to khaled hosseini for making the @nytimes best sellers list with and the mountains echoed! 
ever wonder what sylvia day's favorite book is? watch her video here:
good night! read this: mt @vikingbooks: a.m. homes's (@nycnovel) award-winning novel, may we be forgiven:
congratulate am homes (@nycnovel) on her 2013 women's fiction prize for may we be forgiven and win signed copy! 2 left
.@altgeldshrugged asks: do you have any concept of how much easier life is with alphabetized spices? learn more in the tao of martha.
just get back from lunch? you can still enter to win tarnish by @kalongshore. visit this page and tweet us who's king
mt @vikingbooks @janetsomerville: a.m. homes (@nycnovel) was awarded the 2013 @womensprize for may we be forgiven:
mt @penguinbktruck: we'll be at the @twainhouse in hartford ct this saturday for tom sawyer day, a free event!
listen to a clip from tao of martha, written and read by jen lancaster @atlasshrugged:
jen lancaster came by the office to do a podcast. can't wait to read the tao of martha. #summerreads
mt @hudsonstpress: looking to fire up your brain cells this summer? @washingtonpost recommends clash!
author @antondisclafani, the yonahlossee riding camp for girls, revisits her own horse riding days
tonight in nyc: meet the infamous fox mole joe muto as he signs copies of an atheist in the foxhole:
"dessen is as skilled as ever at turning out steady, satisfying stories about teens that are easy to fall for."
rt @penguinteen: happy release day to elizabeth richards--phoenix, the follow up to black city, releases today!
congrats to our boys in the boat winners: @layla74129, @allysonortiz73, @oregonkimm, @lucky1mn, and @mneuhouser. be sure to follow us!
"the fuel upon which all of publishing runs." @penguinbktruck
rt @penguinclassics: crazy weekend @bookexpoamerica! what were your impressions? and did you see the @penguinbktruck? #bea13 #beapenguin
it's a food truck? no, it's a book truck! keep up with the penguin book truck's journey:
last galley giveaway of the day! 2pm, don't miss it. booth #1520:
another in booth signing: jillian cantor is autographing margot at our booth #1520 from 11:45-12:45
perigees scavenger hunt is going on right now at #bea13 and the prize is a full keri smith library!
don't miss the young readers galley giveaway at 10am at booth #1520:
heading to #bea13 for reader day today? make sure to stop by and say hello to our new @penguinbktruck in the crystal pavilion! #beapenguin
we've updated our #beapenguin video player with in-booth interviews of @gilbertliz and sue grafton! 
from 2-3pm @gilbertliz is signing her new novel the signature of all things at #beapenguin booth 1520/1
perigees scavenger hunt is going on right now at #bea13 and the prize is a full keri smith library!
from 10:30 to 11:30 @richellemead is signing books at the #beapenguin booth 1520/1
at #bea13? @marie_lu is at the #beapenguin booth 1520/1 from 9:30 to 10:30 am
oliver jeffers signing until 4pm at #beapenguin book 1520/1 at #bea13.
rt @dawbooks: "top 10 ways to tell if your boyfriend is an alien," inspired by @ginikoch's alien in the house!
mt @duttonbooks: stop by the @penguinusa booth 1520 at 2pm for an arc of covet @tgarvisgraves  #bea13 #beapenguin
tc boyle says "stick to california.  stick to steinbeck." when it comes to @penguinclassics
rt @riverheadbooks: . @alainamauro works @penguinusa truck at #bea13. #khaledhosseini's and the mountains echoed is in stock!...
sue grafton, signing books at #beapenguin booth 1520/1 at #bea13 until 11am!
good night everyone. we hope to see some of you at the @penguinbktruck tomorrow!
k is for kidd's the secret life of bees:
must-read books: the ultimate 2013 summer reading guide
mt @blueriderpress: giveaway! follow @samcabotwriter and rt for a chance to win a #galley of blood of the lamb:
earlier today we introduced the @penguinbktruck. see it out on the road this week!
enter for a chance to win looking for me by beth hoffman, on sale today, and one of our penguin selects:
watch @philjackson11 interviewed by chicago tribune's k.c. johnson at the printers row live event:
read our press release for the @penguinbktruck:
introducing the @penguinbktruck, out on the road this week!
author jessica maria tuccelli and artist @woodsarawood share what inspired the book cover for glow:
our instagram page is filled with penguin staffers and their super adorable, adopted pets. #readhumane
happy friday! we finish our read humane blogs with a post from @juliehearts about her cute cat, lola
rt @putnambooks: @readersdigest picks the best summer reads, including freuds mistress and the other typist
beautiful! mt @dberthiaume: our verso team just checked on the billboards going up outside the javits. #bea
mt @plumebooks @annericeauthor on quiver: "good stuff!enthralled by the fine and sensitive writing...just delicious."
get gameboard of the gods by @richellemead here
anyone else finish and the mountains echoed? what'd you think? rt @davickir: really enjoyed book, even more than kite runner.
listen to an audio clip from eleven rings by phil jackson w/hugh delehanty, read by matt walton:
rt @kimahubbard: people pick of the week: khaled hosseini's and the mountains echoed. it's his best yet.
follow @plumebooks. rt @plumebooks: coming up around 3pm...a #giveaway for #erotica fans.
amazon announces winners in sixth annual amazon breakthrough novel award
popular #ya author susane colasanti steps into the @penguinteen author spotlight. check out the qanda:
"it begins to dawn on him that w/out compassion, no love is possible."
and the mountains echoed resonates to the core.@austinchronicle
it was announced today that ten white geese by gerbrand bakker has won the independent foreign fiction prize!
tattoo a banana author @philinthecircle spoke at #ted 2013 and now his talk is live! watch and be #inspired:
khaled hosseini's new novel, and the mountains echoed, is on sale today! do you have your copy? #khaledhosseini
richelle mead twitter chat thursday 6pm et/3pm pt you can direct questions to @richellemead and tag #askmead--book:
rt @signeteclipse: romance never looked so good! check our new rt booklovers convention photo album on love always
there's something...about the simple desire to get lost in a story, and hosseini is an expert... @harpersbazaarus
congratulations to @natphilbrick for making the @nytimes best sellers list with bunker hill! read an excerpt:
mt @powerhousearena: start the weekend off right at tonight's launch for 'an illustrated guide to cocktails'
19 bookstores are opening early tues, 5/21, for#khaledhosseini's and the mountains echoed! see the list:
have a good night and don't forget to visit us:
author @drewmagary (someone could get hurt out today!) with a guide to what online reviews really mean
congrats to our #yathursday winners! @louisianasass @bookaddictguide @sharlabensonbro @nickaroni @trishap00 check your dms
the libraries of doctor who, from @bookriot
have a good night and read something great
inside lady chatterley's home: the seventeenth century six-bedroom house that inspired dh lawrence:
rt @penguinclassics: tonight @ 7pm is our @powerhousearena event for new hardcover, rilke's letters to a young poet!
the stresses of parenthood, someone could get hurt author @drewmagary shares a story where someone does
mt @penguinpbks: alternatives for readers who are not keen on (or have already finished) #danbrown's #inferno:
rt @riverheadbooks: we are proud to share our "summer 2013 insider" - a free download for all ereaders
and many thanks to @damienechols for being here with us! and for that final favorite word!  #readpenguin
mt @damienechols: a big part of life after death was written to a specific person. it was to @margaretcho, a dear friend. #readpenguin
we've got 15 minutes left in our chat with @damienechols. ask a question about his memoir, life after death. use: #readpenguin
rt @damienechols: writing helped me in prison by allowing me to enter another mind space outside the prison environment. #readpenguin
a special thanks to @damienechols for his time and thoughtful answers these past weeks.  #readpenguin
meet today's read humane pet from penguin staffer marianne pappas
@angelswithinme2 post a pic on twitter, use #thepocketscavenger
rt @penguinpress: behind the scenes of sunday's @nytmag story with @jmooallem:
chat today with @damienechols, author of life after death, from 4-5pm est. use #readpenguin to participate 
congratulations to amanda quick for making the @nytimes best sellers list with the mystery woman!  check it out:
staffers @penguinusa share what they love about mom:
today for read humane @riverheadbooks @jynnnne shares her cute tabby w/ us
planning last minute shopping for mother's day? browse our editor's picks of the perfect #books4mom:
"this is damn and wow territory. quite simply, one of the best books i've read in years." melissa marr's take on the 5th wave #fridayreads
mt @signeteclipse @colleenlindsay: chat tonite w/ @syoungsfauthor and @signeteclipse at 9 pm edt; use #downlondonrd!
rt @blueriderpress: delia ephron dishes on life and marriage  the shmooze
mt @penguinteen: @rickyancey's 5 most shocking sci-fi movie moments on @huffpostbooks
so excited for #yathursday giveaway! we love this book and we want you all to read it. but we've only got 5 copies, see next tweet.
have a great evening and read well tonight. visit us:
join suzanne rindell to celebrate the launch of the other typist tonight in brooklyn:
you can get all of @damienechols book tour dates for life after death here: 
do you have any tattoos inspired by books @damienechols?  #readpenguin
welcome @damienechols. thanks for being with us today.  #readpenguin
#thepocketscavenger prompt 5: take a post-it note and turn it into a friend! use #thepocketscavenger with your pic to enter to win.
rt @duttonbooks: @tamihoag shares some of her favorite mystery reads as the featured mystery author at @bnbuzz
rt @chaptersandchat: simply un-put-down-able! the unchangeable spots of leopards is a must #read
author @nancyjparra is no gluten for punishment but her new cozy mystery series is #glutenfree
follow penguin staff as we celebrate our many rescued pets in support of our read humane campaign @hsus:
shia labeouf, @thecampaignbook, handed out copies of his book on the street? what a cool guy!
hey #readpenguin book club enthusiasts, chat tomorrow with @damienechols at 4pm about life after death:
keri smith's the pocket scavenger book and app are out today. join our weeklong twitter scavenger hunt! use hashtag # thepocketscavenger
scavenger hunt prompt 2: find several plastic items of different colors and give them legs! tweet us a pic and use #thepocketscavenger
follow the #thepocketscavenger prompts this week to be entered to win a copy of the pocket scavenger by keri smith
rt @signeteclipse: join us on may 9th at 9:00 pm eastern to talk w/ bestselling author @syoungsfauthor. use #downlondonroad.
our penguins are up to something big this spring...stay tuned to @penguinusa on instagram for updates
so many great books! we should probably be re-reading the great gatsby. currently reading the murder of roger ackroyd by agatha christie.
nora roberts hits #1 on the @nytimes best sellers list with whiskey beach!  read an excerpt:
"this is john le carrs 23rd novel." - @nytimesbooks reviews a delicate truth
rt @colemeg: @damienechols your book is on my nightstand, ive read it twice now, amazing book!! #readpenguin
rt @elizarosenberry: @damienechols what has changed for you since you first published life after death back in september? #readpenguin
though it looks like @damienechols already got started! welcome damien and thanks for being here today.  #readpenguin
send your mom to elizabethan england w/ lynn kurland's roses at midnight. for your adventurous reader, #books4moms
as the weather (finally) warms up, look hot in these literary t-shirts
rt @plumebooks: celebrate @lisacullen's pastors' wives: #ipod mini #giveaway, @facebook party + blog tour!
@damienechols life after death is our pick for the may twitter book club. chat is tomorrow at 4pm: 
yay! glad you like mt @lilybluepond: #penguinselects omg after reading 5 chs of #theothertypist truly intriguing
ready for gatsby? rt @flavorwire: it's here! - stream the entire soundtrack to 'the great gatsby'
mt @penguinteen: the lovely @sarahdessen has a video for the moon and more! watch it over on @bookishhq today
rt @vikingbooks: @uwmadison selected @ozekiland's a tale for the time being as their 5th year go big read!
mt @heausatoday: heas jessie chats w/ @jeaniene_frost and @ilona_andrews, at the #rt13 in kc.
"this librarian explodes the stereotype." watch @ksl5tv's video interview w/ @joshhanagarne
don't forget to#instagramyour favorite reading spot for your chance to#win #theothertypistand a gorgeous necklace!
rt @acerocbooks: are you an aspiring writer? check out tips nyt bestselling author jack campbell shares @ohpaperpages
liberated from a strange and compromised nightmare. ~waldman
her eyes had the glow of smoldering cinders. ~waldman
rt @berkleyromance: for more information and to check out all of the fabulous websites featuring #readhumane in may please visit...
from the grapes of wratch to a christmas carol, here are some handwritten manuscript pages from classic novels:
we want whoever to call or not call, a letter, a kiss--we want more and more and more of it. ~howe
let us go then, you and i,/ when the evening is spread out against the sky ~t.s. eliot
today's #npm #penguinpoetry pick is the penguin anthology of 20th century american poetry:
rt @vikingbooks: chat with @adammgrant and @susandominus today, 1:30 pm et. join the conversation by including the hashtag #csrchat and #giving
wow!  @adammgrant makes the @nytimes best sellers list with give and take!  read an excerpt:
don't miss out: violets of march by @sarahjio available for $2.99 ebook on @kobo
congrats to our #penguinpoetry winners: @jasonarnold74, @kathybryson2, @helobuff check your dms!
heavy, we dig it. rt @serenethoughts: in the silence of greenery rustles the vibes of eternity
but enough about me/ is one of my favorite sayings. ~robbins
i'm not so forgiving. i'm rubber, you're glue. ~robbins
gorgeous rt @plumebooks: 20 amazing outdoor libraries and bookstores from around the world. sign me up!
thanks for sharing #penguinpoetry! we're sending you a thousand mornings @pypski @emilyadaire @snrubll -- check your dms.
my heart says, what you thought you have you do not have./ my body says, will this pounding ever stop?
for a while i could not remember some word/ i was in need of,/ and i was bereaved and said: where are you,/ beloved friend? #penguinpoetry
today's #npm #penguinpoetry pick is a thousand mornings by mary oliver:
rt @studio360show: what if all of tarantino's screenplays were published by @penguinusa?
rt @plumebooks: p.s., #penguin pictures:
you got it! @measleywalsh @tchrlibka @jmwetzel @princessaea999 @sarabooknerd
we're sending you collections of poetry by terrance hayes @anaisnin1903 @writer_sejones @specosk.
"is this all there is?" thus i am here where poets come ~terrance hayes
i want to rise into your lungs, / linger like a music in your throat, / vanish like water under heat.
fire, water, air, earth: @michaelpollan gets elemental in 'cooked' -- listen to the story:
the literary figures with the weirdest obsessions:
rt @kkmcguirk: looking for your next book to read? this seems like a good jumping point from @penguinusa:
she could not wring desire from my body / or take the curl out of my hair. ~julia alvarez
mother does not approve of women brought up these days/who do not know their beds, ~julia alvarez
today's #npm #penguinpoetry pick is homecoming: new and collected poems by julia alvarez:
great news! mt @poetsorg: congrats to eugene gloria, who won an anisfield-wolf award for my favorite warlord
rt @realjohngreen: so excited for #worldbooknight. so many people will be receiving copies of looking for alaska. thanks, @wbnamerica!
2 days left and @penguinpodcast are sitting pretty in 3rd place. help them climb that podium! #webbys
far away the sea sounds and resounds./ this is a port./ here i love you.
love me, companion. don't forsake me. follow me.
share poetry with us and rt our #penguinpoetry tweets for chances to win today's #npm pick by pablo neruda:
wow, a slide in the library? how clever! the most "playful" libraries in the world:
rt @penguinpress: happy world book night everyone! track the big giveaway at @wbnamerica
have a great weekend and don't forget to read a great book
@nixster1305 @debbiewoot @bellasshelf  @dannybwein @ss_dal if you couldn't dm us before please try again now, sorry for that
congrats to the #readpenguin winners who won copies of life after death: @ss_dal @bellasshelf @debbiewoot @dannybwein @nixster1305
congrats @knitsix @lindachown2013 @justicecw! you've each won a copy of rilke's letters to a young poet. check your dms! #penguinpoetry
"the only advice i have is this: to go into yourself and to examine the depths from which your life springs" - rilke #penguinpoetry
mt @riverheadbooks: visit goodreads for your chance to win arcs of and the mountains echoed
rt @chaptersandchat: looking 4 a rainy day read? try "tuesday's gone" by nicci french you won't be disappointed
congrats to our #penguinpoetry winners: @shenanigans416, @dawngreen1111, and @oliverjeanie. please check your dms.
rt @cowboysfan36:i cannot go to school today, said little peggy ann mckay. i have the measles and the mumps.-shel silverstein #penguinpoetry
you are loneliness, / you heart, which wanders to distant valleys. ~rilke
so many angels search for you in the light / and thrust their brows toward the stars ~rilke
"returning home," a wonderful @nytimes qanda w benjamin lytal, a map of tulsa:
read the story of con man clark rockefeller in the man in the rockefeller suit:
rt @vikingbooks: we're so exciting about the release of a delicate truth by @lecarre_news! find out more here:
my looking ripens things / and they come toward me, to meet and be met. ~rilke
be modest now, like a thing / ripened until it is real ~rilke
mt @cnnliving: they say patience is the companion of wisdom; @brenebrown shares tips on how to increase yours:
rt @grantamag: in the first of 3 #bestyoung short films, we take you inside the writing study of adam foulds:
rt @sfshanblog: review: the innocents.loved it. fans of gossip girl and pretty little liars, plz read asap!
we're sending you bright star by john keats, @coyotelibrary @kessdubs @phoebscaulfield! check your dms for a message from us. #penguinpoetry
lost in a soft amaze, / i gaze, i gaze! ~john keats
wasn't it lovely in its depictions of keats and brawne falling in love?
rt @blueriderpress: "[a] searching and serious memoir," @sfchronicle on the lost daughter by mary williams:
joanna kavenna, the author of the ice museum:
adam foulds, author of the broken word, and the quickening maze:
our thoughts go out to all of those affected by the tragic events in boston today.
so much myself, as to know with what hand,/how scant or liberal this my life's race is spanned. ~donne
eat, play, ride, take all the joys which all day yields, / and then again to your embracements go.
rt @bookcountry: it's national library week! take time to thank your librarians and tell them they rock. #thankyou
mt @riverheadbooks: @megwolitzer shares her favorite books on friendship w/ @bookriot
rt @plumebooks: wherever i wind up author @radickey43 will be on @60minutes today! don't forget to watch!
but after many rolling years, / when 'mid their light, thy light appears. ~walter savage landor
for melody seems hid in every flower / that blossoms near thy home. ~john clare
rt @saniasidiki: the footsteps of my beloved bring a drowsy numbness. the polite whisper of the sleeping sun is my moon. #penguinpoetry
rt @extragrumpycat: penguins can't fly, i can't fly... therefore, i am a penguin.
@amberlough glad you like it! #penguinpoetry
enter to win and go see @sarahdessen on tour!
we're out of time with @sarahdessen, but 5 lucky winners have a chance to score an early copy of the moon and more!
since you're a cars fan, we'll have to get you a copy of ric ocasek's book @sarahdessen.  #readpenguin
rt @sarahdessen: i write the book that comes to me. i cant control what it is! i wish i could, sometimes would maybe be easier? #readpenguin
rt @xtemaa: @sarahdessen how does it feel knowing your books could potentially have helped someone get help for their problems? #readpenguin
@appifanie good point. fonts too.  #readpenguin
.@danademille we love to connect our writers with readers, with and without baked goods. we're so glad readers join us!  #readpenguin
and finally, we've got a bit of a surprise tonight for a handful of lucky winners...stay tuned.  #readpenguin
just 30 minutes left until our final chat with @sarahdessen about what happened to goodbye
congrats to #yathursday winners, @bookwormrunning @chy32 @brianmanis1 @diamondslady812 @emilydunlay. be sure your following us and check dms
but i am hardly some backbiter bent / on vengeance; no, my heart is lenient. ~sappho
share poetry with us and rt our #penguinpoetry tweets for chances to win today's #npm pick, stung with love:
reading or read the kite runner? author @khaledhosseini is chatting live in 1 hour, bring your questions! @peoplemag
rt @penguinlibrary: we're excited for today's @peoplemag live chat w/ @khaledhosseini 2pm. join in:
rt @peoplemag join
looking for a read? check out our newest content in this week's digital digest:
rt @democracynow: the way of the knife: @markmazzettinyt on the cias post-9/11 move from spying to assassinations
i am in the ocean and an ocean is in me; / this is the experience of one who can see. ~ahmad jam
in separation, separation left me / and i witnessed the unknown. ~mansur hallaj 
the 25 books every kid should have on their bookshelf
the just man tenacious of his purpose / will not be shaken from his set resolve ~horace
avoid speculation / about the future; count as credit the days ~horace
the fascinating, handwritten poems of famous authors
view our newest collection of penguin selects! be among the first to read these fine novels:
re-pinning this now. rt @jkbibliophile: these would be the coolest @penguinusa books ever.
good night! and don't read anything we wouldn't
rt @penguinteen: giveaway alert! can't wait for @sarahdessen's new book, the moon and more? win an advance copy
in this lucid, wine-drenched tale/the elephant is really/god/who has his big foot upon us - hafiz
i am like an elegant cypress/whose face and form/your beauty/ ruined - hafiz
nice mt @blueriderpress: @pennjillette today. always. rt @culthistory if every day is an atheist holiday, which is your favorite?
margaret thatcher has died. read more about her life and legacy in the iron lady
have a great weekend and don't forget to read a good book!
melanie thorne (@mthorneauthor) didn't always want to be a writer. she started with music and theater.
congrats to @emilychu @rychepet @alexcelinap11! who've won today's #penguinpoetry giveaway of heroides. check your dms.
by these tears, tears produced by what you have done, / turn your ship... ~ ariadne to theseus
ovid's heroides
rt @vikingbooks: woohoo! harley loco, by @rayyaelias, is now available:
just 5 minutes left in our #readpenguin chat w/ @sarahdessen! be sure to put next week's chat on your calendar:
rt @sarahdessen: the college basketball aspect of whtg is so chapel hill. i love writing about college towns, period. #readpenguin
just 5 minutes till we chat abt what happened to goodbye w/ @sarahdessen! make sure to tag your qs #readpenguin. we'll chat till 7:30 et!
