nelson mandela dies at 95: a look back in pictures
senate plans yellen confirmation vote in next couple of weeks
sandp 500, dow suffer 5th straight down day
apple, google, facebook dominant in mobile
race car, hollywood tax breaks on chopping block
florida state qb jameis winston won't be charged in sexual-assault case
twitter unveils new tool for more precise ad targeting; stock rallies
stock-market losing streak in london hits five
north korea prison camps expand as amnesty cites former guard's terror details; rodman set to return
medtronic thinks 'deep brain stimulation' will help neuro disorders
doctors, hospitals and clinics reluctant to embrace data sharing, study says
natural-gas prices up 3% as u.s. supplies drop
factory orders down 0.9% in october
treasury yields rise after gdp, jobless data
american teacher shot and killed in benghazi
u.s. stocks open lower after economic data
euro rises as ecb's draghi holds steady on policy
time for fed to put taper on table, lockhart says
third-quarter u.s. growth rate revised upward to 3.6%
fed's lockhart: taper on table in december
ecb joins bank of england in leaving rates unchanged
newscast: companies say goodbye to the 'burbs
u.k. growth forecast doubled for 2013: reports
considering a roth ira conversion before year-end?
jos. a. bank, kroger are stocks to watch
costco same-store sales up 2%, fall short of views
10 things your boss won't tell you:
will banks start tacking fees onto your savings account?
hong kong stocks fall, but china mobile climbs
hong kong's hang seng opens with 0.5% loss
japan stocks seesaw at open; nikkei average fractionally higher
so what is a precatory proposal anyway?
walt disney hikes annual dividend by 15%
msnbc host martin bashir resigns over acrid slavery flap with sarah palin
neutrality rules in one of the latest wall street views on ebay
carl icahn to call for apple vote on buyback plan
canada will take on russia and denmark over the north pole
the upside to adjustable-rate mortgages:
yahoo buys another mobile video editing company
elon musk's spacex completes key satellite launch
gm to sell its remaining stake in ally financial: report
obama calls for action to stem income inequality
u.s. dollar hits highest level against canadian counterpart since may 2010
bitcoins uncertain future vs. its meteoric rally
bond links: judge rules on detroit bankruptcy
federal budget deal getting close: report
citigroup downgraded to neutral by goldman sachs
new u.s. home sales leap 25.4% in october
u.s. stock benchmarks risk fourth straight decline with early retreat wednesday
techs slip but h-p, intel rally
coming up: new home sales for october, september
stock futures turn lower ahead of adp, home sales
prospects for 2014 have nothing to do with 2013
private sector adds 215,000 jobs in november: adp
express plunges after cutting full-year guidance
mens makeup: one guys quest not to shine
bill gross, j.c. penney and why twitter could get cisco'd
how to get $100 discount on an ounce of gold
deutsche bank boosts dax target to 11k from 9,700
australian dollar drops after soft growth report
china grapples with natural-gas shortage
will banks start tacking fees onto your savings account?
see where home prices are still the furthest from bubble levels.
who wants to give uncle sam an extra few hundred bucks? 78% of employees, apparently:
hong kong stock market joins asia selling, with hang seng index down 1.3%
australia q3 gdp rises 2.3% vs. year earlier
australia stocks follow wall street lower
api data show crude supply down 12 million barrels
omnivision drops on outlook; j.c. penney shares pop
newscast: stocks extend week's slide
guidewire software shares up 3% after results
spotlight on economy: adp jobs release to provide clues on key payrolls report
u.s. car sales jump in november  but miles from china
chinese yuan is 2nd most used currency for trade finance, overtaking euro
abercrombie shares rally on call by shareholder to explore sale of itself, oust ceo
auto stocks in reverse despite nov. sales gains
surprise! analysts are bearish on gold
google steps up cloud challenge vs. amazon
apple seen gaining from china, institutional investors
energy cfos looking to cut costs next year: survey
detroit judge says public pensions are contractual
drones for everyone. what could possibly go wrong?
arch coal jumps 4.7% on proposed financial changes
apple, groupon rally; microsoft, intel slip
gm car sales 212,060, up 13.7% in november
black fridays silver lining
nasdaq falls 20 points, or 0.5%, to 4,040 at open
why your stocks are not keeping up with this market
treasury prices advance ahead of new data
tesla shares get support; apple up on ubs upgrade
dollar steps back from yen gains; falls below 103
are toy makers battling over shrinking market?
auto sales, confusing signals and the tenuous streak of eight
retire here, not there: new hampshire
european stocks drop for third straight day
hong kong confirms first human h7n9 bird-flu case
asia stocks mixed; sydney awaits rate decision
hong kong's hang seng drops 0.8% at open
will banks start tacking fees onto your savings account?
australia stocks fall ahead of rate decision
reporter's black friday notebook: now, about that thanksgiving dinner 
5 of the best holiday deals on cars:
clifford asness has 10 key things that make him peeved
lawmakers to investigate burdens on small banks, credit unions
here are the 7 biggest problems with mutual funds:
the big bull lie of 2013 is the trend
an opportunity for fed speakers to address summers's 'secular stagnation' idea
10 best cyber monday deals for foodies:
need advice about money? ask an english major:
ism doubters waiting for hard data to confirm uptrend
treasury delays 3-month, 6-month bill auctions
cuts, stock buyback, acquisition combine to boost forest shares
oil futures rise after manufacturing data
gold under pressure, analysts see risk to downside
stocks slip as investors eye shoppers, data
u.s. stocks open mixed; sandp 500 rises 0.1%
j.p. morgan economist scolds pope francis on capitalism and poverty
no penalties expected in 4-year-old cds probe
unilever ceo: slowdown in em will last for years
brooklyn kids go from ballers to brokers
stock futures flat ahead of ism; amazon, ebay eyed
chinese prices for new housing rise in november, but show signs of slowing
shanghai, hong kong climb after manufacturing data
shanghai stocks start 1% lower, with hong kong's hang seng index flat
japan energy shares fall; sony, toshiba rise; nikkei average flat early
more shoppers, but spending drops: survey
'fast and furious' star paul walker dies in car crash
jobs report headlines big data week ahead
how to protect your retirement portfolio gains
target, walmart see strong black friday sales
8 of the most likely products to be shoplifted:
never pay for dry cleaning again, says @charlespassy:
dont fall for the santa claus rally
did itunes and and kindle ruin christmas?
dont fall for the santa claus rally
newscast: stocks finished mixed after late swoon
friday session ends mixed, but sandp and dow post eighth straight weekly gains
investors excited about the market at the wrong time
argentina threatens oil executives with jail time over falklands drilling
bitcoin hits record $1,242 as it nears value of ounce of gold
existing-home sales seen heading lower
pearson sells mergermarket to bc partners for $623m
u.s. stocks rise, on pace for monthly gains
ftse 100 higher, but set for a november loss
cyber monday will draw more consumers online
bitcoin keeps surging, taps new record atop $1,200
forget black friday, the tax man is coming for you
best high-end 2014 model cars
5 reasons black friday doesnt matter
europe stocks mostly flat; spain rises on sandp move
sandp cuts netherlands rating to 'aa+' from 'aaa'
hong kong stocks hover around 2 1/2-year high
japan stocks edge back, but weekly win in sight
japan stocks fall at open; nikkei average off 0.5%
shopping joins battle for thanksgivings soul
shopping on 'brown thursday': scenes from around the country
big balloons rise up in macys thanksgiving parade
unsentimental bitcoin doesn't take a holiday, blasts past $1,100
pound soars after boe pulls back on loan help
nikkei hits a six-year closing high on dollar rise
dow 1,000,000?
the hanukkah-thanksgiving mash-up:
87 years ago, the dow was at 160. now it's at 16,000. 87 years from now, could the dow go over one million?
hong kong stocks climb toward yearly high
did you know that ticker tape was still in use until 1970?
japan stocks jump early; nikkei average rises 1.1%
newscast: dow and sandp 500 at record highs again
december is a huge selling month for auto makers, but the industry is using #blackfriday to gain some early momentum:
reader poll: more than 90% of our readers are saying no to thanksgiving shopping.
nymex oil near six-month low as u.s. supplies rise
what's different about this year's thanksgiving and black friday 'doorbusters'
gold futures mark lowest close since early july
ryan braun vs a-rod: doping apology edition
newscast: american and us airways cleared to merge
stocks advance ahead of thanksgiving
dow one million?
consumer sentiment rises on rosier expectations
nasdaqs climb reflects vast shifts in global economy
gold is ripe for a mini bear-market rally
bitcoin hits $1,000 on trading exchange mt. gox
chicago business gauge declines to 63 in november
stocks inch up in early push for more record closes
applications for jobless benefits fall again
u.s. jobless claims unexpectedly continue trend of declines
macy's parade may pull balloons due to wind: ap
bagging a santa rally, slow clap for h-p and bitcoin vs. gold
gold finds support in weaker dollar; up $10
bitcoin, not gold, has the midas touch
oil falls after surprise rise in u.s. inventories
dollar dips vs. euro before data deluge
what we should be thankful for
did apple and amazon ruin christmas?
poll: are you shopping on thanksgiving? tell us why or why not.
the nasdaq composite scored its first close above 4,000 since september 2000.
something to be thankful for in your 401(k):
japan stocks extend loss, with financials a soft spot; nikkei average down 0.6%
here are 5 phone calls you still have to make:
h-p shares up in after-hours trading as ceo meg whitman hosts earnings conference call. live:
stock market's holiday gifts come bubble-wrapped this year
8 of the most likely products to be shoplifted:
newscast: wall street holds on for a win
hewlett-packard shares up 3.8% after hours
conforming loan limits frozen by regulator
bitcoin jumps to record of $947
newscast: yuletide shopping could be not so bright
loomis sayles' dan fuss: this bond market favors patience
growth stock players should reduce expectations
farm bill stalled, white house makes pre-thanksgiving push for food stamps
tiffany's stock has sparkled in 2013, rising 53% and easily outperforming main stock indexes.
supreme court to hear aca contraception cases
supreme court to take up health-care law's contraceptive requirement
will h-ps overseas flu be as bad as ciscos?
consumer confidence falls in november
u.s. consumer confidence falls in october
manda mystery: why are takeover prices plummeting?
u.s. stocks open with slight gains; dow up 13 pts
home-building permits hit five-year peak
u.s. home prices rise 0.7% in september
is the stock-market bubble about to pop?
men's wearhouse counters with bid for jos. a bank
democrats lose 2014 edge after obamacare uproar
hipsters and boomers flip for pinball
stock futures off ahead of housing, confidence data
rio tinto weak in u.k. market; carney in focus
european stocks waver ahead of u.s. housing data
japan's nikkei average ends down 0.7% at 15,515.24
how to capitalize on thanksgiving flight delays
asia stocks mostly lower; japan pulls back after rally
can a star tv anchor bring star-studded stock performance? the couric stock-market return:
hong kong's hang seng edges up 0.1% at open
japan stocks open lower, with exporters, brokers weak; nikkei average down 0.8%
fda approves new hepatitis c drug
bernanke's exit strategy: keep stock investors from rushing the exits
newscast: stocks split as dow closes at new high
sandp 500 ends lower but dow, nasdaq edge up
will you be thankful for a thanksgiving top?
gold closes with a loss after iran nuclear deal
how to capitalize on thanksgiving flight delays
"we're still evaluating the storm's path." winter storm threatens thanksgiving traffic:
qualcomm discloses anti-monopoly probe in china
drop in pending home sales points to pause
twitter teams up with time in 'person of the year' search
why analysts think 'warm' mcmillon is smart choice to lead wal-mart
did apple and amazon ruin christmas?
second leg of nikkei rally likely coming
pending home sales decline in october
caterpillar raised to buy by bank of america
u.s. stocks open higher; sandp 500 up 0.1%
davita, fresenius gain; j.c. penney to leave sandp
boehner's premiums nearly double under obamacare, and more morning reads
airlines rise, oil firms fall in london after iran deal
one way to retire early: punish yourself
winter storm threatens thanksgiving traffic
asia stocks move higher; weak yen lifts tokyo
gold dips as fears of conflict with iran ease
u.s. stocks futures higher as asia shares gain
hong kong stocks rise, with exporters mostly higher; hang seng index up 0.2%
oil falls sharply after iran nuclear deal
japan stocks enjoy fresh yen-driven gains; nikkei average up 0.7%
immigration among 'biggest civil rights issues of our time': facebook's zuckerberg
what are the best books to read about money and investing? the answer could be in the fiction aisle:
nuance, workday, j.c. penney in focus monday
how to get black friday deals before black friday:
u.s. and fellow powers reach nuclear deal wth iran
in defense of english majors: how reading novels can make you smarter about money:
making cellphone calls on airplanes? what's next, wearing shoes through security?
more than 1 mln xbox one consoles sold on launch
dirty harry choice for investors: do you feel lucky?
a new "friendly" way to welcome wine newbies. wine in a can:
google searches for "bitcoin" hit highest levels in november. $bcoin mania in three charts:
j.c. penney to leave sandp 500 after stock decline
chevron shelves $10 billion oil project off scotland
top 10: nothing to stop the upward path in stocks
dow, sandp end at records, rising for 7th week
want to get rich? read fiction
banks and regulators clash on 'regulatory fervor' and 'pound of flesh' litigation
warren buffett: stocks are not overbought, but in a "zone of reasonableness." 9 other views on asset bubbles:
oil scores first weekly gain in seven weeks
ibm falls on reports of druckenmiller's short call
the number of hires hit 4.59 million in september - the highest level since august 2008.
poll: what do you think of allowing cellphone use on airplanes?
e-commerce sales hit new record in third quarter, data show
lessons for investing in bond funds
intel drops sharply, but most tech stocks rise
vince surges 47% post ipo
dow retreats after record close as intel sinks
u.s. stocks edge up, but intel drop hits dow
drivers may thank the epa for lower gas prices
violin memory dives 45.8% premarket after earnings
the sandp chart that's spooking wall street
foot locker jumps premarket on revenue growth
pod invasion cuts demand for roasted coffee
nissans tokyo teases: bladeglider, minivans
10 of the best quotes ever, at least according to this reddit thread
pipeline explodes in eastern china, killing six
tesla model s scores 99 out of 100 on consumer reports satisfaction survey:
time warner cables suitors lining up funds for bid
hong kong's hang seng index up 0.7% at 23,749.71
what do you think of allowing cellphone use on airplanes? vote here:
japan stocks open higher on sharp drop for yen; nikkei average up 0.9%
australia stocks rise, with banks, energy higher
1 in 5 u.s. flights were delayed or canceled this year. what you can do to make the airport less harrowing:
5 phone calls you still need to make
pandora falls, marvell and splunk rise after hours
nike says it's increasing dividend by 14%
dow scores first close over 16,000 as stocks rally
jeff gundlach, robert shiller introduce their cape ratio fund: live blog
gold closed at a four-month low, while oil finished at its best level this month and above $95 a barrel.
fcc to propose letting plane passengers use cellphones
b.of a. hits a milestone; the fannie roller coaster
during nov. and dec. 2012, consumers spent more than $246b on bank credit cards, data shows.
more work needed to prevent 'too-big-to-fail' treasury offical says
bullard: fed may have moved too fast to get to 0%
senate passes harry reid's 'nuclear option' on filibuster rules
st. joe down 4% on david einhorn "short" comment
fannie, freddie shares drop after sperling says private recapitalization is a no-go
boeing 747 mistakenly lands at tiny kansas airport
dow climbs to session highs of 16,001.32
reid proposes change to senate filibuster rules
natural-gas prices add to gains after eia data
senate banking committee backs yellen to lead fed
from little akorns grow mighty oaks?
u.s. stocks rise after jobless-claims drop
u.s. stocks rise at open after jobless claims drop
holiday shoppers credit card bill: $131 billion
dow futures now up 52 points vs. 56 points
coming up: u.s jobless claims, wholesale prices
abercrombie drops premarket on downbeat outlook
u.k. budget data lift ftse 100 from europe weakness
stock inch up ahead of data, more fedspeak
goldman: sandp 500 could drop 10% sometime during 2014
dollar rides higher on fed minutes
golds decline deepens after fed minutes
starbucks forces starbung to change name: report
bitcoin continues to swing:
bond links: whats the yield curve telling us?
china hsbc flash manufacturing index slips to 50.4
hong kong's hang seng index down 0.3% at 23,623.23
robin hood conference to feature dimon, geithner, ackman, summers and more
australia stocks edge down as gold miners drop
stocks slide after fed sticks to taper plan
intel tech edge could boost mobile even as pc sales continue to lag, analysts say
retail sales rebound last month; autos race higher
green mountain shares surge 7% then swing down 2%
spotlight on economy: the ups and downs of manufacturers
dow extends post-minutes slide, now down 93 points
goldman sachs meets up-and-coming tech firms in las vegas
federal reserve weighs slowing bond buys soon
dow now up 3 points vs. 15 points before minutes
j.c. penney ceo strikes a confident note: "we've turned a corner"
morgan stanley channels bob marley: don't worry about stocks for now
apple's ipad could get boost in the holidays, but google's android still dominant in mobile, says survey
newscast: discount codes in play this holiday
j.p. morgan after the settlement: the fdic fight isn't over
investing with the new masters of the universe
florida republican radel gets year of probation after cocaine guilty plea
ecb mulls smaller cut to deposit rates: report
j.c. penney, deere jump on earnings. earnings wall:
j.m. smucker drops 5% on sales warning
business inventories up 0.6% in september
yahoo, priceline highlight tech gains
u.s. stocks rise at open after upbeat retail data
yellen faces headwinds as she takes the reins
treasurys slip after retail and consumer data
sandp 500 futures up 2.30 pts vs. 0.8 pt before data
twitter cut to hold with facebook in favor: cantor
volcker rule faces new hurdles
staples sales fall amid swing to profit
bitcoin wild swings drop price 50% from $900 high
helping your kids will cost you in retirement
europe stocks flat with big u.s. data on the table
japan's nikkei average ends down 0.3% at 15,076.08
china hard landing is likely: andy xie
hong kong stocks up as mainland banks rally again
why bad news is good news for holiday shopping:
japan stocks follow u.s. dollar higher; sony falls
japan's oct. exports rise 18.6% vs. year earlier
australia stocks slouch early after u.s. losses
obamacare success story may not have such a happy ending after all
j.p. morgan: $7 billion of deal is tax-deductible
rep. radel arrested for cocaine use: report
loans intended for farmers going to rich buyers to build vacation homes on the range:
president obama: we 'underestimated complexities' in creating health site
u.s. stocks end lower after choppy session
j.p. morgan's ceo "pleased" to reach doj agreement
devon nears deal to buy geosouthern for $6 billion: wsj
j.p. morgan to pay $13 billion in govt settlement
j.p. morgan settlement is largest in u.s. history
hopes for $3 gasoline slip away: aaa
ny ag to discuss j.p. morgan mortgage settlement
gold marks slight gain, holds below $1,230/oz
yellen defends 'qe3' in letters to senators
monday bump a good reminder for speculators
energy stocks inch up with refiners taking lead
trina solar stuns investors as panel demand picks up in asia
jandj to settle hip lawsuits for at least $2.5 bln
u.s. unemployment rate 'faked,' n.y. post critic charges
treasurys drop ahead of bernanke speech
home depot is top blue-chip advancer early tuesday; tesla reverses decline
u.s. stocks waver after recent record run
wal-mart to match competitors' black friday deals a week early
treasurys slip ahead of bernanke, fomc minutes
dick's shares climb on third-quarter earnings
telsa shares sink 4.6% on request for government to probe fires
best buy shares slide after third-quarter earnings
obamas clearest blunder: he lost egypt
stock futures point to cautious start on wall street
best buy, home depot, salesforce are stocks to watch
european stocks fall from multiyear highs; zew ahead
justin bieber, rihanna, the pope help to make 'selfie' the word of the year
typical homeowner in nevada and california lost $100k in wealth through recession:
how to go to college like a venture capitalist:
asia stocks mixed, with hong kong up, japan down
in 10% of couples, one spouse has a secret credit card for holiday shopping:
fed's kocherlakota wants too-big-to fail metrics
japan nikkei average opens down 0.5% at 15,096.63
fda approving drugs faster, and it may stay that way, report says
google's youtube site goes down
nlrb to sue wal-mart over labor issues: reports
j.p. morgan to pay $4 bln in consumer relief: wsj
urban outfitters: q3 eps 47 cts vs. 41 cts, q3 revs $774 mln vs $692.9 mln. the latest from earnings wall:
salesforce, urban outfitters report after the bell. track them here:
bitcoin: everything you need to know, and why you might want in
stay away from tips as inflation remains low: blackrock
newscast: dow 16k was a quick trip
best 2014 investments? check out these ideas from hsbc:
a key gauge of the banking sector is reaching levels not seen since the cusp of the financial crisis.
virtual currencies "may hold long-term promise". ben bernanke weighs in on bitcoins:
sony stands out in mild tech action:
bernanke: virtual currencies hold promise and pose risk
home-builder confidence pauses, misses estimate
boeing shares up 4% on news of 777 orders to set pace for dow industrials
nasdaq nears 4,000, gaining 5 points to 3,991
stock market live blog: battling for new highs
blackrock, tyson rise in premarket trade
sony's playstation 4 sells 1 million in a day
newscast: boeing takes the dubai airshow
bitcoin, japan and the meltup that hasn't even started yet
stock futures edge up; home builders data ahead
lloyds sells swip to aberdeen for $1.05 billion
gold sputters after last weeks rally
what did warren buffett see in exxon, and should you follow him?
here are the five cars the richest americans are buying:
10 things billionaires won't tell you:
state-capitalism arrives in hong kong
job seekers are padding resumes with pricey credentials. are they worth it?
hong kong stock rise after china unveils reform details; hang seng index up 1.6%
china issues new reform details
australia stocks fall, with oil shares dragging
you can get a playstation 4 for half price by trading in your playstation 3:
u.s. economy offers little cheer ahead of thanksgiving holiday
economy offers little cheer ahead of holiday
salesforce, urban outfitters, tyson are stocks to watch
holiday-spending hints sought in october data
our @davidweidner ranks ceos on wall street. his take on their performance:
used like this, credit cards can achieve wonderful things:
sales of e-cigarettes may surpass traditional smokes within the decade, analysts say:
how the rich sell real estate:
job seekers are padding resumes with pricey credentials. are they worth it?
the u.s. postal service stamps out sunday for good:
philippine death toll rises, but more aid on way
aston martin flexes its muscles with vanquish
when will plummeting coffee prices be reflected in the cost of a cup of joe? hint: never.
among the 10 things billionaires won't tell you: their net worth has risen 50% since the great recession.
borrow anything: hotels will lend you a pet. airlines will lend you an ipad.
you'll pay for the mega airline merger:
'tis the season to lie to your spouse? why there's so little honesty about money during the holidays:
want 18% returns? become a subprime lender.
twitter saw more than 122,000 options contracts traded across all exchanges, according to the nyse. 
here's what  the federal reserve, stocks and liquor sales have in common:
the fda allows for a 20% margin of error on food labels:
rumors of the demise of the employee pension are slightly exaggerated:
china initially pledged $100,000 of aid to the philippines, a donation dwarfed by the u.s.'s $20m and japan's $10m.
the perfectly legal way big data may be gaming mutual funds:
drumbeat of criticism over obamacare miscues is getting louder, writes @russbrittmktw.  
thirty-nine democrats join republicans in vote for upton health bill
stock market live blog: zulily pops in debut, hot china etfs
china to loosen one-child rule as part of reforms:
zulily $zu shares jump 82% post ipo:
65% of obamacare enrollees come from five states
ranking (and yanking) ceos of the biggest banks
u.s. stocks edge up; exxon rises 1.3%
u.s. stocks rise at open, on pace to gain for week
treasurys hold slight losses after data
pershing square reveals 9.77% stake in freddie mac
nearly two-thirds of obamacare enrollees come from just five states
fed's empire state index of new york regional conditions turns negative
stock market live blog: empire state, the buffett bounce, nordstrom gets dinged
gold pulls back from post-yellen gains
what to do before you leave the hospital
the best stock sector for your money now
oil moves higher after yellen hearing
japan's nikkei average ends 2% higher at 15,165.92
china posts biggest power-usage gain since 2011
asia stocks higher; nikkei break above 15,000
hong kong's hang seng index up 0.9% at 22,852.99
the real reason hardly anyone has signed up for obamacare:
president obama gave you a reprieve. but should you keep your health insurance plan?
one state won't allow obamacare fix, but one insurer is ok with it
the real reason hardly anyone signed up for obamacare:
obama says he "fumbled" rollout of health-care law.
newscast: wall street sets records again
nordstrom posts 6% lower profit
tile shop rejects gotham's claims, shares halted
yellen on gold: "people want to hold (it) when they're very fearful"
what wal-mart's q3 says about other retailers' holiday sales
ny regulator considers bitcoin regulation license
what did obama say about #aca? here's the transcript:
insurers say law change could 'destabilize' market
energy stocks gain, with refiners in the lead
newscast: stocks near flat as yellen testifies
live video: obama announcement on health-plan cancellations
yellen says traditional market valuation models don't suggest stock bubble
reports: obama to let insurers keep existing plans
gotham city: tile shop worse than crazy eddie's
stocks waver as yellen speaks; cisco drops
obama to make announcement on affordable care act
elon musk is the 2013 marketwatch ceo of the year: 
u.s. stock markets narrowly negative as cisco weighs heavily on nasdaq and dow
janet yellen's nomination hearing  live blog and video
u.s. stocks start slightly lower; dow off 6
fed may be adding to instability: plosser
treasurys gain on data, ahead of auction
stock market live blog: jobless claims, yellen, cisco's drag
democrats threaten to abandon obama over health law, and more morning reads
kohl's slides premarket on profit guidance cut
snow and mistletoe and plastic on the tree
tools to fix retirements '80 is the new 60' problem
tesla, cisco, wal-mart are stocks to watch thursday
europe stocks rise after yellen hints on stimulus
want to give to a philippines charity? read this first:
electric personality: tesla ceo elon musk
japan's nikkei average up 2.5% in afternoon open
japan stocks gain after above-view growth data
hong kong's hang seng index up 0.8% at 22,651.53
snapchat turns down $3 billion facebook offer:
japan stocks rally, with banks strong
bernanke: transparency makes fed effective
newscast: stocks notch win and make history
read this before giving to a philippines charity:
cisco's outlook is spooking investors in other tech companies: 
the perfectly legal way big data may be gaming mutual funds:
facebook reportedly bid $3 billion for snapchat.
yellen defends qe as best way to normal economy
fire at tesla plant injures 3 workers: report
it's a record close for both the dow and sandp 500. quite a turnaround for a day that started off in the red:
$csco is reporting after the bell. we'll be live-blogging the upcoming earnings call here:
facebook seeks teens with snapchat offer
5 of cbos options to cut the u.s. budget deficit
facebook reportedly bids $3 billion for snapshot
[archives] what do wall street bankers have in common with teenagers? snapchat:
aol shares hit highest point since spinoff
stocks hit session highs on yellen talk
when will plummeting coffee prices be reflected in the cost of a cup of joe? hint: never.
gasoline prices rise for first time in 12 days:
"this is the first time that it will be her job to take the heat." what to expect from janet yellen tomorrow:
chegg is no twitter: stock down 15% from ipo price. we're live-blogging the top stock market stories here:
china non-performing loan ratio rises
online textbook vendor chegg slumps 15% on debut
u.s. stocks fall, hit by china, boe worries
u.s. stocks open lower on china, rate fears
"it wasn't what china's communique said, so much as what it didn't say," says @kitchennews. here's what was missing:
macy's shares jump premarket on strong earnings, sales
macy's posts positive sales, profit surprises
newscast: fine hits starbucks' bottom line
get organized and save
boosting your portfolio with strategy etfs
pound nears $1.60 as bank of england releases inflation report
u.k. unemployment falls to 7.6% in september
apple spending big to shore up supply chains
japan's nikkei average ends down 0.2% at 14,567.16
10 reasons to be a bull in 2014, a bear by 2017
we found $fb, $tsla had bubble traits. what bubbles did miss?
average joes filling void left by countrywide, risking their nest eggs on loans to home buyers with lousy credit:
for down payments, 15% is the new 20%:
hong kong's hang seng index drops 1.2% at open
here are the 5 cars the richest americans are buying.
tokyo stocks slip, but autos gain as yen declines
this chart shows just how much the tax code is squeezing parents:
australia stocks hurt as gold issues yanked lower
morgan stanley's reinhart has 12 questions for janet yellen
black friday to start on ... thanksgiving thursday.
stocks close lower, snapping 2-day win streak
yrc worldwide shares drop 17% after results
potbelly shares rise 5% after results top street
elizabeth warren fires latest shot at wall street as presidential buzz swirls
fiscal junkies to get big fix from washington on wednesday
the average acre of iowa farm real estate jumped 20% in 2013, the dept. of agriculture says.
larry fink: the fed needs to kiss bernanke goodbye with a december taper.
'confessions of a quantitative easer' casts doubt on benefit of program
about 1,000 investors in china lost the equivalent of $4.1 million when their bitcoin exchange shut down in october.
bright times ahead? fund managers cheer up about the global economy.
amr and us airways shares rally on reports of justice dept. merger settlement
10 assets that are showing the sort of frothiness that could indicate a bubble in the making:
stocks slide after sentiment data, taper talk
u.s. stocks open lower; dow eases from record
@rededdy56 no worries! thanks!
@beckyquick @rededdy56 no problem! we always appreciate feedback.
treasurys continue slide ahead of auction supply
plenum pledge: bigger market role in china economy
wal-mart, moving averages and what lumber prices mean for housing
stock futures lower after feds fisher talks taper
china's 3rd plenum decides on 'deepening reforms'
holiday rumble: wal-mart sales to start two hours earlier on thanksgiving
japan's nikkei average closes up 2.2% at 14,588.68
gold dips as investors await yellen testimony
forget food trucks. now there are dentist trucks:
when janet yellen is questioned by the senate banking committee this week, will she offer any hints on taper-timing?
bank won't give you a loan? ask hank.
newscast: holiday traders send dow to new high
for down payments, 15% is the new 20%:
our @vicrek on why investors should still be taking on risk:
news corp shares slide after quarterly results
job seekers are padding resumes with pricey credentials. are they worth it?
how parents are getting squeezed in one chart:
record close is the 35th of the year for dow industrials
citi, deutsche bank will get a break on big-bank surcharges
just in time for christmas, amazon and u.s. postal service team up for sunday deliveries.
"if you want to make peace with your enemy you have to work with your enemy." - nelson mandela, rip
why the china mobile pact is a big deal for apple and iphone
mexican fugitive kingpin caro quintero stashed billions in secret overseas accounts, former dea agent claims
sienna miller unveils the all-new 2015 ford mustang
despite weak growth, brazil interest rates are going up
9 year-end moves to cut your 2013 taxes:
the single greatest piece of advice steve jobs gave 'frozen' executive producer john lasseter:
the definitive qanda on the new net investment income tax, updated for final regulations
why billionaire sean parker puts serious time and energy into his spotify playlist, "hipster international"
ireland heads forbes' best countries for business list
wayne gretzky is selling his sherwood country club town home
supreme court sides with irs in tax shelter penalty case
why christy turlington is finally embracing her supermodel status
#askforbes chat: @rcalo @kashhill @gregorymcneal on drones -- faa regulations, privacy concerns and security issues
now's a good time to do retirement planning since you'll want to enjoy the holidays. here's what you can do:
in the long run, nissan's ghosn and tesla's musk have good reason to fear fuel cells
kaspersky lab names this year's top cybersecurity threats
slideshow: the naughty and nice places to spend your bitcoin
carl icahn wasn't joking about that $150 billion stock buyback by apple
banana republic cmo catherine sadler on the brand's strategy to stand out in a cluttered marketplace:
.@rcalo @kashhill @gregorymcneal signing off now. thanks for the questions! follow us and tweet any more drone qs directly to us. #askforbes
.@smokey1834 gps signal software will tell it to return to base, hover until it recovers signal, or land. - @gregorymcneal #askforbes
.@matt_cagle my worry is that police will ask amazon for all of their footage in a given neighborhood (usually bad ones) - @rcalo #askforbes
.@clintonio shooting down a drone (defined as an aircraft) gets you 20 years in jail:
.@captainmadz while these will be small drones, people could still be injured. - @gregorymcneal #askforbes
.@aminebennjima drones have been successfully hacked in the past.:
.@captainmadz no sooner than 2015, when faa set to relax ban on commercial use. unless you live near a testing site. - @rcalo #askforbes
a randi zuckerberg book on netiquette is a like a prince joffrey book on compassion
today at 3pm est @kashhill @rcalo @gregorymcneal will answer your qs about drones (amazon's and in general), tweet at us w/ #askforbes
we skimmed the new books from facebook ceo mark zuckerberg's sister so that you don't have to
today at 3pm est @kashhill @rcalo @gregorymcneal will answer your qs about drones (amazon's and in general), tweet at us with #askforbes
investors flee billionaire eddie lampert's sears bet
this landmark study could reveal how the web discriminates against you:
alec baldwin on the key to hollywood longevity
beyond the party: inside the booming business of yacht week
here are 4 holiday gift ideas for the athletes in your life
shazam uses big data to predict which music artists will break big in 2014
philadelphia wants to use eminent domain to turn an artist's studio into a parking lot and supermarket
5 powerful exercises to increase your mental strength:
for the billionaire sports fan who has everything: a personal stadium
five things you should know about what's happening in the ukraine
denver city council flip-flops and votes to allow pot smoking in front yards
'mo' dewji talks about his plans to be africa's richest man in 10 years
5 reasons why big data will crush big research
it turns out that drones are perfect for hunting wild pigs
spacex successfully deployed the ses-8 commercial satellite in geosynchronous orbit
live: watch @spacex's falcon 9 rocket launch its first commercial payload here
for #givingtuesday, check out our list of the biggest philanthropists.
lessons from rachel ray's rise to fame
some tips for starting a business when you're older than 50
sony says that its sold 2.1 million ps4 systems since launch
you trust your advisor to give you straight answers about your investments, but do you receive them?
looking for the right charity on #givingtuesday? check out our list of top u.s. charities
best of forbes: cyber monday madness and the fed after ben
apple recognizes the need for social analytics with topsy buy
value investor john buckingham on his stock picks for 2014:
launching a midlife venture is less risky than it used to be. an expert's tips:
bitcoin is now at a crossroads
12 smart money moves to make before the end of 2013:
urban meyer has $4.2 million on the line in the big ten championship game
here's that amazon delivery drone that you won't actually see for a long time:
launching a midlife venture is less risky than it used to be. an expert's tips:
don't worry alabama fans, nick saban's football dynasty is alive and well
10 special wines to impress the wine lover in your life:
activist investor jeffrey smith looks to fill semiconductor company triquint with his own board of directors
carl icahn starts december with wins at talisman energy and forest labs
inside forbes: some data and tips about native advertising the ftc might find interesting
week ahead: can santa rally survive the flurry of december data?
what faa rules will amazon need to navigate before a 30-minute delivery drone becomes a reality?
there are far fewer bears on the stock market today than at the peaks in 2000 or 2007
electric cars lead our list of the cars and trucks that lose their value faster than average
5 ways to put the joy back in your holidays (without breaking the bank)
here's that amazon delivery drone that you won't actually see for a long time:
fed up with bitcoin? here's how to start your own currency:
want to know your value in the labor market? here's how to figure it out:
how to play the shale boom's next phase:
man tosses out bitcoin wallet worth $9 million
silk road competitor shuts down and another plans to go offline after a $6 million theft
billionaire bunkers: beyond the panic room, home security goes sci-fi
the late jack kent cooke devoted his fortune to helping the smartest poor kids excel
as a signator to warren buffett's giving pledge, leon cooperman outlines the rationale that guides his philanthropy
the challenge of being poor at america's richest colleges:
can entrepreneurial market-based philanthropy fix one of the poorest countries in the world?
investing lessons from the late lucien o. hooper, who turned $1,000 into $42 million:
the 6 concept cars from the tokyo motor show that you should know about:
forget the farms and shopping centers - here's a look inside billionaire stan kroenke's many homes:
television may (or may not) be dying, but viewership is definitely not being tracked properly
there are far fewer bears on the stock market today than at the peaks in 2000 or 2007
the historic hotel jerome, aspen's crown jewel, reaches a new peak after a makeover
intelligent investing: 3 great stocks selling for far less than what they are worth 
grand new nashville: @rascalflatts takes us on a private tour of music city's high notes
martha stewart shares what she looks for when gauging the success of her philanthropy
in the u.s., black friday is about deals; in brazil, black friday is about fraud
slicify lets you sell the computing power you're not using
21 quotes from henry ford on business, leadership, and life
investing lessons from the late lucien o. hooper, who turned $1,000 into $42 million:
why steve jobs' magic doesn't work in medicine:
here's what happens to google employees when they die:
wayne pierce's $700,000 vintage harley-davidson collection is going up for sale
george weiss talks philanthropic role models and expediting research that could cure life-threatening diseases
financial gifts that keep on giving on black friday: 
could germany's energy policy wreck its auto industry?
don't expect smartwatches to be a big holiday seller this year
if you want to do well while doing good, contribute your private company stock to a donor-advised fund
china's ipo market might open sooner than you expect
video: bono's ode to warren buffett, as sung to him at the forbes summit on philanthropy
the 12 immutable rules of watching thanksgiving football
how to cook a turkey without a side order of stress:
attention entrepreneurs: 5 financial pitfalls you didn't see coming
collectively, the 25 largest u.s. charities pulled in $30 billions of donations. here's who they are:
there's money to be made on pipelines, railroads and other infrastructure plays
walmart will win black friday despite worker strikes, labor violations and food bank woes
5 tips for starting up from the judges of abc's shark tank:
4 tips for surviving travel sunday, thanksgiving's biggest travel day
photos: iconic balloons from macy's thanksgiving day parade, 1927 to today
5 things you (and retailers) might not know about this black friday weekend:
want to know your value in the labor market? here's how to figure it out:
these are the cities where employees earn the largest and smallest paychecks:
microsoft billionaire paul allen adds a $27 million home in atherton, america's priciest zip code, to his collection
forbes' staff picks the year's most entertaining and illuminating nonfiction reads of 2013:
don't expect smartwatches to be a big holiday seller this year
edward silverstein's convertible fund has beaten both stocks and bonds. how did he do it?
petra nemcova (@pnemcova) is on the cover of @forbeslife in a dress made from wrapping paper
thanks to spotify, lorde jumped from an unknown teenager from new zealand to an international superstar
forget the farms and shopping centers - here's a look inside billionaire stan kroenke's many homes:
4 tips for surviving travel sunday, thanksgiving's biggest travel day
attention entrepreneurs: 5 financial pitfalls you didn't see coming
the heisman trophy has lost most of its appeal, but it still nets the winners better pro contracts
there's money to be made on pipelines, railroads and other infrastructure plays
china is the only major country that will get old before it gets rich
rt @janetnovack: the challenge of being poor at a rich college.
7 reasons to tell your kids what they will (or won't) inherit:
billionaire william heinecke hosts an elephant polo tournament to save thailand's elephants
the historic hotel jerome, aspen's crown jewel, reaches a new peak after a makeover
theory debunked: there are no clear ties between bitcoin's creator and silk road
5 things you (and retailers) might not know about this black friday weekend:
when will tesla motors make a truck? can they ever?
new research shows that facebook messenger is lagging behind whatsapp, wechat and line
what the nuclear deal with iran means for global oil markets
the 12 immutable rules of watching thanksgiving football
could germany's energy policy wreck its auto industry?
attention entrepreneurs: 5 financial pitfalls you didn't see coming
going global: the world's largest debtor governments
how to cook a turkey without a side order of stress:
billionaire william heinecke hosts an elephant polo tournament to save thailand's elephants
5 things you (and retailers) might not know about this black friday weekend:
would you sell a body part for a new car? this guy would:
microsoft billionaire paul allen adds a $27 million home in atherton, america's priciest zip code, to his collection
when will tesla motors make a truck? can they ever?
slicify lets you sell the computing power you're not using
chrysler slows but doesn't put brakes on ipo amid questions over taxes
toad the wet sprocket takes us inside their unlikely business model for releasing their 1st studio album in 16 years
buckyballs' craig zucker is fighting city hall (or in this case, the cpsc)
how one small retailer combats showrooming
cadillac offers special edition elr plug-in hybrid through saks holiday catalog
15 things you do that drive your colleagues crazy
surprise! research shows that workers hate cubicles. 
why did netscape lose market share?
a muted thanksgiving market could be followed by bumps in the road
the ipad retina mini is being adopted nearly as fast as the original
small businesses are not maximizing the benefit of their internet presence.
independent writing platform rant sports secures a $3 million investment
the biggest flops of 2013 (so far):
1. 'the fifth estate'
2. 'bullet to the head'
3. 'paranoia'
full story:
is 23andme self-destructing?
making youtube a place for long-form content success
the highest paid nhl players:
1. sidney crosby, $16.5m
2. shea weber, $14.1m
3. zach parise, $12.8m
full story here:
video: usg's work to build a better brand
at $41 million, the toronto maple leafs have the nhl's richest local tv deal
the average nhl team is worth $413 million, 46% more than last year.
forrester's top technology trends for 2014 and beyond
liesel pritzker simmons of blue haven initiative on deciding how to invest in specific philanthropic efforts:
dr. raj panjabi is training rural liberians to save lives
do you win or lose under obamacare? what you must know to see how you'll fare: 

who got rich this week: founders of zulily and an e-cigarette company
doctor who celebrates its 50th anniversary this weekend. here's how it's managed to survive for so long:
"he was old enough to earn millions and be subject to tax but too young to understand his financial responsibilities"
"we are losing the space race. this time the space is between our kids' ears."
'hunger games' is on track to rake in at least $250 million worldwide for its opening weekend
there's a hit out on ben bernanke on the 'assassination market' -- $75,000 in bitcoin has been raised for his murder
billionaire low tuck kwong has a special hobby  his own private zoo
governments can't erase poverty, nor can big corporations. these are the people and ideas that are doing it:
why steve jobs' magic doesn't work in medicine:
half of college grads are working jobs that don't require a degree
entrepreneurs clinic: first-rate insights from self-made superstars.
"a lot of the time when i play a game, i like to brag. and it turns out facebook is really good for that."
sheldon adelson says he is 'willing to spend whatever it takes' to stop online gambling
can you be a bad writer and still be a successful entrepreneur? sure. you can also be short and play in the nba.
what happens to your data after you're dead?
spanx billionaire sara blakely talks about giving her fortune away
water shortages could dry up the shale gas boom
you can now book hotels via twitter
why isn't bitcoin interesting to economists?
how to be a great manager that employees want to work with
the 6 enemies of greatness and happiness:
you can get richer pinching pennies like warren buffett
can entrepreneurial market-based philanthropy fix one of the poorest countries in the world?
is a commission-based sales job right for you?
black market tax preparers continue to defy the irs
cathy bessant has one of the biggest technology roles on the planet.
moving can be extremely stressful and complicated. 8 tips for a successful job relocation:
7 ways to resist the urge to splurge during the holidays:
job seekers are failing to present their attributes in a way that delivers what employers need and want. 
a new study suggests the ideal percentage of your portfolio that should be devoted to art: 0%
hackers broke into the syrian government's secret police systems and found... porn
joaqun 'el chapo' guzmn, the world's most powerful drug kingpin, is rumored to be hiding in honduras
sleeping outside a best buy for a black friday deal doesn't appeal to you? shop online at these 10 sites instead:
4 great skills to have that will make you better at almost any startup job:
nigerian mogul tony elumelu makes $123 million in 3 weeks
when is a picture okay to publish and when isn't it? google maps captures a murder scene:
who is more toxic to corporate america right now, a-rod or lance armstrong?
goodbye, peace and quiet. hello, phone calls on planes?
five marketing lessons from candy crush
#ff top forbes writers this week: @cherylsnapp @davethier @a_greenberg @paultassi @kruse @erikkain @kbadenhausen @zogblog @kashhill
bill ackman calls his billionaire rivals octogenarians as the $hlf saga approaches its one year anniversary
dating app tinder goes abroad: uk, brazil and... dubai?
this startup just raised $16m to help barclays, nike and havas play with big data:
one of the guys ross ulbricht allegedly tried to kill scammed silk road users out of $50,000-$250,000 in bitcoins
richard branson's virgin galactic now accepts bitcoin for space travel
alleged silk road creator ross ulbricht was denied bail and is now accused of 6 murder-for-hires
'the hunger games: catching fire' might win biggest opening of the year --
it's expected to earn $175m this weekend
toad the wet sprocket takes us inside their unlikely business model for releasing their 1st studio album in 16 years
these companies build the technology used to spy on you:
a san francisco startup takes aim at microsoft's $20b cash cow
do you want a 1099 or a w-2?
dell appoints ugandan millionaire ashish j. thakkar to its global entrepreneur-in-residence advisory board
sleeping outside a best buy for a black friday deal doesn't appeal to you? shop online at these 10 sites instead:
if you're looking for a retail job, consider costco - no. 1 on our list of the best retail companies to work for
microsoft's "scroogled" google-bashing gear proves popular with its competitor's employees
toad the wet sprocket takes us inside their unlikely business model for releasing their 1st studio album in 16 years
"a lot of the time when i play a game, i like to brag. and it turns out facebook is really good for that."
'the hunger games: catching fire' might win biggest opening of the year --
it's expected to earn $175m this weekend
texas gm jon daniels is adding $70 million in payroll while giving up the better player
holiday sales may be surprisingly strong this year 

will $gm follow the aig playbook as the treasury steps aside?
who is more toxic to corporate america right now, a-rod or lance armstrong?
do you want a 1099 or a w-2?
netappvoice: job #1 is sales -- for any employee 
do you win or lose under obamacare? what you must know to see how you'll fare: 

is your employer shortchanging you on your 401(k) plan? 4 key questions to ask:
these companies build the technology used to spy on you:
forget grain -- worry about what taxes are doing to your brain
7 questions 20-something investors should consider before starting a portfolio
audi debuts the a3 family at the l.a. auto show  and goes for domination in the u.s.
there's a $500,000 tax break that will disappear by the end of the year
elon musk may be right about model s fires, but they can still burn tesla
'the hunger games: catching fire' might win biggest opening of the year --
it's expected to earn $175m this weekend
our latest magazine issue is now available for our ipad app. get it today!
booking your holiday getaway? you might want to consider which airline employees will be most cheerful this season
the bay area may get all the buzz, but a host of less-celebrated cities are gaining tech jobs at a faster pace
green mountain coffee thrives on strong demand for keurig machines and a $1b buyback
elon musk may be right about model s fires, but they can still burn tesla
the annual l.a. tech summit names its top picks for the city's hottest startups:
$jpm's $13 billion fine represents the new cost of doing business - expect more 'traffic tickets' in the future
a new billionaire emerges from devon energy's $6 billion deal for geosouthern
do you win or lose under obamacare? what you must know to see how you'll fare: 

eyvoice: what does the future hold for healthcare?
lena dunham and mother awarded for artistic achievements, and more art news here:
has bitcoin gone establishment?
surprise! sales of hardcover books are growing faster than e-books.
the fruitless pursuit of immortality
the life of beatles manager brian epstein is the perfect parable for professional success
microsoft may name a new ceo by year's end. will it be ford's mulally?
5 ways to accelerate your career and get promoted
spanx billionaire sara blakely talks about giving her fortune away
how to foster employee trust and growth with constructive feedback
this gaming company was fined $1 million for secretly using its players' computers to mine bitcoin
is this the world's greenest video wall?
apple's new ipad mini with retina display doing well. that and more apple updates, here:
tales from the trenches at waltmart and jp morgan
francine lefrak: women can exit poverty through business
review: 'frozen' is disney's best cartoon in years
apple likes to say that its products have the best displays. it can stop.
madonna tops our list of this year's highest-paid musicians
how elon musk could end up being a big winner after a u.s. probe of tesla fires
what to do when your spouse doesn't support your career dreams
as a signator to warren buffett's giving pledge, leon cooperman outlines the rationale that guides his philanthropy
gyrovoice: four ways to fail in the beverage category 
can hedge fund billionaire paul tudor jones save america's public education system?
if we knew in 2012 what we now know about obamacare, would romney be president now?
let your inner 12-year-old rejoice - practical jetpacks are taking off
"there is nothing i want more than to see this project succeed, and for that i need dead politicians."
it's rare that a video from a brand will spark any real emotion - but this beautiful google india video might
"we are losing the space race. this time the space is between our kids' ears."
scott gilmore holds the key to liberia's trove of entrepreneurs
liesel pritzker simmons: 'where you put your money is a moral decision'
how supermodel christy turlington engages new audiences and amplifies her influence to help change the world:
it's rare that a video from a brand will spark any real emotion - but this beautiful google india video might
that was fast 30 mins. thanks for all the great #askforbes qs! if you have more, follow me @randalllane and i'll try to get to some of them
.@willixms at 28, $fb's dustin moskovitz beats zuck by a few months. 29 are under 40. here they are:

.@dogoodbuyus 2 continents: 1) n.america (giving begins at home, it seems) 2) africa: most efficient way to help most people #askforbes
hi twitter. @randalllane, editor of @forbes here, ready to answer your questions about billionaires/philanthropy. #askforbes open for 30mins
does your office stress you out? here are 9 tips for creating a stress-free work environment:
meet the start-up bringing investors to the fastest-growing economies in the world:
george weiss talks philanthropic role models and expediting research that could cure life-threatening diseases
earlier this year @spanx mogul sara blakely became the 1st female billionaire to join the gates-buffett giving pledge
forbes editor @randalllane will take over @forbes @ 4:30pm est to talk billionaires and philanthropy
smarting from a gold buy? be clever with your capital loss deduction:
can entrepreneurial market-based philanthropy fix one of the poorest countries in the world?
what does the world's richest man have in common with the world's biggest rock star?
twitch has big-league audiences watching e-sports online. they've got big advertisers' attention, too:
orbital sciences is launching a satellite designed and built by high school students
.@mariobatali tells us why he focuses on improving the healthcare, nutrition and literacy rates of the nations' kids:
dr. raj panjabi is training rural liberians to save lives
can entrepreneurial market-based philanthropy fix one of the poorest countries in the world?
liesel pritzker simmons: 'where you put your money is a moral decision'
.@jeffskoll aims to "create entertainment that inspires and compels social change"
earlier this year @spanx mogul sara blakely became the 1st female billionaire to join the gates-buffett giving pledge
@mattieologie thanks for your tweets. we're pretty excited too!
13 surprisingly low paying jobs
how to be a great manager that employees want to work with
watch the randd chiefs of pfizer, merck, and amgen discuss the drug industry's challenges at #forbesrx:
industry atlas: a look at some of the hottest topics in six critical industries
thoughts on philanthropy from ancient philosophers maimonides and bob hope:
campaigners are calling on the united nations to ban killer robots

this company wants to sanitize bitcoin for business, by tracking 'clean' accounts:
this company wants to sanitize bitcoin for business, by tracking 'clean' accounts:
the best trade in all of 2013, was going long on stocks and selling gold short.
cote d'ivoire's economy is down, but not out
'tis the season to buy these 13 retail stocks:
new u.s. cardiovascular guidelines emphasize individual risk over target cholesterol levels
bam! emeril lagasse has a new private barrel of bourbon
we've searched high and low to bring you the first annual list of the 100 best websites for entrepreneurs:
"one of the best parts of being in hollywood is working with celebrities who have their hearts in the right place."
bitcoins may very well be coming to a 401(k) near you
like your insurance plan? you can keep it (until the next election)
this year, nine individuals join the ranks of forbes' third annual ranking of the richest people in africa
how a law you've never heard of could affect everything you eat
acrylamide is found in everything from coffee to potatoes to dried fruit. here's why we should avoid it:
when should you defend your personal brand online, and when should you ignore criticism?
amazon and its brick-and-mortar competitors are on a collision course
with a $7.9 billion fortune, johann rupert is africa's richest man
the best-selling cars of 2013 aren't really cars at all
the top 5 digital trends for 2014
top entrepreneurs in america reveal their 5 biggest strengths
the 10 metro areas where the highest proportion of new jobs created from 2013 to 2017 will be high-wage jobs:
hedge fund billionaire david tepper gives $67m to carnegie mellon
'tis the season to buy these 13 retail stocks:
employee benefits lacking at your office? here's how to d.i.y.:
video: an interview with syniverse cmo janet roberts at the 9th annual forbes cmo summit
at least there aren't any nyc-sized icebergs breaking free of antarctica to block crucial shipping lanes. oh wait:
anonymous hacker jeremy hammond sentenced to max penalty of 10 years in prison
coca-cola and ford team up to turn plastic bottles into car seat fabric
like your insurance plan? you can keep it (until the next election)
hoping to turn your temporary holiday gig into a permanent, full-time job? here's what you'll need to do:
rt @janetnovack: house gop puts tax reform on hold to revel in #obamacare struggles 
thanks, snowden! now all major tech companies reveal how often they give data to the govt
statoil energy realitiesvoice: battery-powered planes 
after buzzfeed and cnn, other big publishers will use duolingo to translate articles
orbital sciences is launching a satellite designed and built by high school students
thanks, snowden! now all major tech companies reveal how often they give data to the govt
google triumphs in long-running legal fight over book scanning
leaving the corporate world to go it alone? 4 things you need to know:
the 10 metro areas where the highest proportion of new jobs created from 2013 to 2017 will be high-wage jobs:
how motley crue's former manager transformed into a hollywood producer and comic book publisher: 

ocean spray has a knack for squeezing new $ out of the same old cranberries. can ceo randy papadellis do it again?
fyi: irs releases tax calendar for 2014
warren buffett reveals berkshire hathaway's $3 billion stake in exxon mobil
this company wants to sanitize bitcoin for business, by tracking 'clean' accounts:
the 2014 forbes guide to the top 10 ski resorts in the united states:
.@ejwillingham: why austism speaks doesn't speak for me
"you cannot have your cake, eat it too, and then accept its cupcakes through legacy admissions."
3d-printed gun stands up to federal agents' testfiring  except when it explodes
"in spite of all the rhetoric, pandora supports very healthy royalties for artists."
watch the randd chiefs of pfizer, merck, and amgen discuss the drug industry's challenges at #forbesrx:
motorola unveils low-cost moto g for emerging markets  

thoughts on philanthropy from ancient philosophers maimonides and bob hope:
nasa's cassini caught a photo of mars, venus and earth as seen from beyond saturn
only 106,185 americans opt to select obamacare in the first month
forced ranking is as bad for yahoo as it was for microsoft
we've searched high and low to bring you the first annual list of the 100 best websites for entrepreneurs:
this year, nine individuals join the ranks of forbes' third annual ranking of the richest people in africa
how to handle critics, build a brand, and rise above a dead-end job:
5 must-read tips for building a brand:
words of wisdom from some of africa's richest:
this company wants to sanitize bitcoin for business, by tracking 'clean' accounts:
on a day when amazon made a major cloud enterprise announcement, dropbox countered with changes of their own
"if you don't have ambition, you shouldn't be alive."  aliko dangote
design for living: 'softwalks' transforms sidewalk scaffolding into urban playgrounds 
your phone number is going to get a reputation score
christy turlington and dikembe mutumbo on helping patients around the globe:
motorola unveils low-cost moto g for emerging markets  

how to handle critics, build a brand, and rise above a dead-end job:
south africa leads the african continent in names appearing on forbes list of africas 50 richest
participant media founder jeff skoll on the power of a good story:
in an age of swiftly moving technology, teams become more important, not less
ocean spray has a knack for squeezing new $ out of the same old cranberries. can ceo randy papadellis do it again?
in recycling, profits are proving elusive
the latest on the crackdowns against the web's black markets
irobot has unveiled its latest line of roombas
how to survive on freelance, contract or 'odd' jobs
starbucks has been ordered to pay kraft $2.8 billion
corporate social responsibility is a key to attracting and retaining top talent
the market hates ibm but it's been getting some love lately
small business strategies: 9 tips for more powerful business presentations 
elon musk talks the tesla fires and says the model s is the safest car on the road
how your boss can snoop on you, nsa-style 
slideshow: 9 ways to create a stress-free work environment
sun tzu's the art of war, illustrated (chapter 11: the nine situations, part 2)
with parker hannifin's indego exoskeleton, complete paraplegic michael gore is learning to walk again.
five myths about millennials as parents
these are the 100 best websites for entrepreneurs
nvidia's tegra note 7 packs a lot of innovation in a small device
sellers of all kinds are discovering the value of letting customers create their own unique products.
online restaurant reservations company opentable has outlasted almost all rivals. now, time for an upgrade:
billionaire carl icahn tweets about $3 dividend deal with transocean, lauds its prospects for activist investing
these 20 tech companies report the most fictionalized earnings:
these inspiring folks won the 2013 awards for using their second acts to improve the lives of others:
are you paying too much for your 401(k)?
the best-selling cars of 2013 aren't really cars at all
9 ways to say thank you on veterans day (and maybe even get a tax break):
going global: how walmart will fight to be successful in china 
why is the new york times breathlessly promoting a kooky science book it panned?  
lexus will unveil a new coupe called the rc at the 2013 tokyo motor show
atlanta braves plan to move into a new $672 million ballpark in cobb co.
another round of layoffs is about to hit new york startup
it's not uncommon to apply for a job you're overqualified for these days. here's how you should approach the process:
9 ways to say thank you on veterans day (and maybe even get a tax break):
the 4th largest tax preparation business in the u.s. has been ordered to shut down by the feds
weekend box office: 'thor 2' sets marvel record with mighty $86 million
wall street bonuses are expected to rise 5% to 10% this year
online restaurant reservations company opentable has outlasted almost all rivals. now, time for an upgrade:
the methodology behind forbes' look at the most valuable brands around the globe:
hands-on work, post-internship job options and competitive pay make capital one the best it internship of 2014
an american buyer purchases john lennon's childhood home in wavertree, liverpool, for 480,000 (about $772,000)
apple loop: tim cook endorses equality, larger, curved iphones may be in the works
how to ace the 50 most common job interview questions:
how to be a great manager that employees want to work with
the reports of bitcoin's fundamental brokenness have been greatly exaggerated
"people who think they can hide behind a veil of an 'underground' site to buy/sell weapons illegally are mistaken"
the real reason tesla is alive and other green car companies aren't: 
'don't go to law school,' 'move to asia,' and 28 other pearls of wisdom for recent grads
michigan governor rick snyder and other state leaders are trying to turn around perceptions of detroit
dog the irs bounty hunter? private tax collectors are coming:
savings is an essential ingredient in upward mobility, says pew charitable trusts study
in-flight phone calls may not be in the near future, but look for next closest thing soon: text messaging
how billionaire carlos slim is pushing instagram rival mobli onto millions of phones: 
tesla is considering building the largest lithium-ion battery factory in the world
netflix + thor = marvel's magnificent money-making machine
gold: the metal, the standard, and the market:
is your broker breaking bad? five essential truths about financial advisors
9 easy ways to win over your boss:
5 lessons refinery29 can teach you to be the next $100m startup:
will legalizing pot result in more or less drinking?
the world's most indebted country is greece, with general government net debt that is 173% of its gdp
one world trade center unveils new marketing offices to woo tenants
how the 92nd-ranked tennis player in the world earns a comfortable living:
can you imagine staging your own murder to escape the wrath of an online drug kingpin? this guy did it:
the dread pirate roberts tried to kill a 47-year-old grandfather to preserve online drug marketplace silk road 
how big is the penalty if you don't get health insurance?
things are getting real: the federal reserve of chicago issues a bitcoin primer
6 good reasons to keep your resume updated, even if you're happy at your current job:
world's most powerful drug realer joaqun 'el chapo' guzmn makes a mockery of u.s. law enforcement
are your friends constantly asking you for job referrals? here are 12 things to consider before putting in a rec:
5 small workspace changes that will make you more productive:
the biggest online drug king hired a hit on this man. here's why:
the dread pirate roberts tried to kill a 47-year-old grandfather to preserve online drug marketplace silk road
the best internship for 2014? bp america. meaningful work experience, pay, perks and career opportunities:
here are the 10 occupations hiring the most right now:
michigan governor rick snyder and other state leaders are trying to turn around perceptions of detroit
savings is an essential ingredient in upward mobility, says pew charitable trusts study
an ipad air burst into flames. should you worry about yours?
led by goldman sachs' anthony noto, the balance of power for tech ipos has shifted to new york
are your friends constantly asking you for job referrals? here are 12 things to consider before putting in a rec:
wall street bonuses are expected to rise 5% to 10% this year
live nation's results reveal a concert landscape that seems to have recovered dramatically
the technology industry has the responsibility to lead the charge toward gender parity
trans fats may soon be a thing of the past, as the fda moves for a comprehensive new ban
netflix + thor = marvel's magnificent money-making machine
"if you buy or sell illegal goods on an underground marketplace, law enforcement is watching."
these individuals own the largest stakes in twitter and will get rich from the ipo:
5 small workspace changes that will make you more productive:
the methodology behind forbes' look at the most valuable brands around the globe:
'star wars episode vii' gets a 2015 christmas season release
see which #forbesbillionaires are losing money or gaining money - in real-time
5 small workspace changes that will make you more productive:
"if you buy or sell illegal goods on an underground marketplace, law enforcement is watching."
the olympic torch arrived at the international space station this morning
forbes editors showcase this year's best holiday gifts on the forbes gift guide
the methodology behind forbes' look at the most valuable brands around the globe:
twitter's message to tv networks: 'we come in peace; let's make money together'
6 good reasons to keep your resume updated, even if you're happy at your current job:
twitter's ceo: our growth will come from tv integration and better onboarding
individual investors: you may not want to scramble and jump on twitter's ipo
on november 12, 2013, the first non-human will ring the closing bell on nasdaq
4k is the next big thing in tv. so what is it?
online restaurant reservations company opentable has outlasted almost all rivals. now, time for an upgrade:
one world trade center unveils new marketing offices to woo tenants
american cities may have hit 'peak office'
5 small workspace changes that will make you more productive
the best internship for 2014? bp america. meaningful work experience, pay, perks and career opportunities:
7 excuses we use to cover up failure:
online restaurant reservations company opentable has outlasted almost all rivals. now, time for an upgrade:
a former uk government drug advisor is calling for more access to ecstasy
statoil energy realitiesvoice: pass the pre-salt oil 
no, bitcoin is not broken, says lead developer gavin andresen
loveroom, the airbnb for attractive people, is doing the fake startup game wrong
the high cost of getting high: colorado voters approve new 25% tax on recreational marijuana
how to deal with your annoying co-workers:
vocativ brings the tools of the spy world into newsroom
some highlights from forbes' 9th annual cmo summit
future of work: how to build a thriving portfolio career with the right personal bio 
in texas tomorrow, voters will decide whether to spend $69 million on a high school football stadium
sellers of all kinds are discovering the value of letting customers create their own unique products.
healthcare is increasingly focused on compliance rather than patient care
five steps to conquering the daily email deluge
is your broker breaking bad? five essential truths about financial advisors
should you have the right not to know genetic information?
red vs blue: america's contrasting housing recoveries
hillary clinton is connected to nearly everyone on the world's most powerful people list:
10 ways to avoid being branded as "old" at work
how to get more respect as a manager
how consumers are changing the face of your brand
six qualities of a great consultant
jeff bezos's wife writes about "the everything store," brad stone's book on the rise of amazon
the top 8 workplace trends in the financial services industry
how walmart brought low-cost leds to the mass market
why aren't women in fashion taken as seriously as men?
big british retailer tesco is installing screens that will scan your face and deliver targeted ads
industry atlas: are the world's happy workers the most productive?
your airbnb host can use smart thermostat nest for surveillance
so much for twitter being the 'anti-facebook' in its approach to going public. twitter raises ipo price range:
everything you've heard about crack and meth is wrong
"it's not against twitter policies to tweet nude photos, though trolling their ceo may be frowned upon"
drudge report owner matt drudge sells miami mansion to fedex executive for $1.575 million
introducing safesource, a new way to send forbes anonymous tips and documents:
how will the german government tax long lost nazi art valued at $1 billion?
your airbnb host can use smart thermostat nest for surveillance
sporty vehicles with the highest theft rates, a look at japanese-branded cars, and a revamped porsche:
49-state analysis: obamacare to increase individual-market premiums by an average of 41%
mark rachesky makes billions for investors by taking control of companies like lions gate entertainment on the cheap
swiss gold refiner accused of abetting congo war via money laundering
everything you've heard about crack and meth is wrong
banks are trying to reach angry customers before they file a complaint to the cfpb
world view wants to take you to space using balloons instead of rockets
icymi @carolinelhoward on why putin outranks obama on this year's list of the world's most #powerfulpeople
the kindle is still the most popular device for reading ebooks
the real reason tesla is alive and other green car companies aren't: 
ron johnson calls reports on his j.c. penney tenure 'largely inaccurate and surprisingly uninformed'
our latest cover story: dell officially goes private: inside the nastiest tech buyout ever
how a company on its fourth pivot keeps investors from bolting:
friday marked kodak's return to the new york stock exchange.
how to turn the job you hate into the job you love:
here's what law enforcement can recover from a seized iphone:
small business strategies: three simple steps to avoid business disaster 
want to anonymously send us files and tips that are too sensitive for email? use our new secure submissions system:
commodity investors need to know the bizarre rules on how hard assets are taxed
shanghai free trade zone may create a new financial hub in the city
google glass explorer gets ticketed for driving under the influence of glass
here's the complete list of free agents for the 2014 major league baseball season
the first time mark zuckerberg brought up privacy was to talk about how facebook messed it up
general motors aims to make cadillac the next big status symbol in china
why individual investors might not want to jump onto the twitter ipo 
facebook admits it's seen a drop in usage among teens
it's not too late to get your tax planning done. here are some last minute tax tips:
putin is the most powerful person in the world:
5 big mistakes investors make - and how to avoid them
she didn't make the 2013 forbes list of the world's most powerful people, but hillary clinton is still a contender.
video: aviation company aerion wants to build a smaller, faster, private supersonic jet.
the biggest bitcoin investment so far: circle raises $9 million
sears isn't really a retail company anymore.
is facebook really failing marketers?
new york giants' jerry reese ranks among the worst-drafting gms
if electronic devices on planes are ok now, why have we been getting yelled at to turn them off for so long?
he's no. 4 on the hip-hop charts and on sale in best buy. how @dopeitsdom made it without a record deal:
linkedin ceo jeff weiner knows how to exploit his own network to hire smart. here are the house secrets:
priced at $75 million, singleton house is l.a.'s most expensive home for sale
evan spiegel is a 23 year-old stanford dropout sitting atop what could be a $3.5 billion company
whistleblower case rumbles on against pvc pipemaker, long after the feds drop out
do the u.s. treasury's criticisms of germany's economy make sense?
sting discusses his latest album and upcoming broadway musical
yankees re-sign derek jeter to a 1-year/$12 million deal
capitalonesparkvoice: 5 mobile marketing fails to avoid 
will the world's next reserve currency come from china and africa?
chevy's camaro tops the list of the most stolen performance cars
9 questions to help you find your dream career
irs raises limit on tax-free lifetime gifts
the new york public library has created a list of 100 great children's book of the last century
fatca is the centerpiece of irs and treasury department efforts to curb tax evasion everywhere.
mark rachesky makes billions for investors by taking control of companies like lions gate entertainment on the cheap
here's the complete list of free agents for the 2014 major league baseball season
uncle sam takes his dividend with jp morgan chase settlements
why it dollars will go further on google's floating data center
a 250-megawatt solar power plant has risen from the beautiful carrizo plain in central california
the liberal war on food stamps
sriracha chili sauce is in hot water over spicy smells
eyvoice: how family businesses are faring with the health care law 
centurylinkvoice: five myths about managed services [infographic]
obama officials in 2010: 93 million americans will be unable to keep their health plans under obamacare
need a costume? there are 1,197 places you can rent one in the u.s.
california and pennsylvania produce the most chocolate in the country
array biopharma will outline its plans to get its first wholly-owned drug approved by the fda.
how much did the feds really help when it came to developing fracking?
for halloween, these are the 13 spookiest jobs
the faa's new dos and don'ts for electronic devices on planes.
how john w. henry can apply red sox success to the boston globe by going big
former billionaire eike batista's oil firm ogx filed for bankruptcy protection on wednesday 
icymi @carolinelhoward on why putin outranks obama on this year's list of the world's most #powerfulpeople
if you launched one of the world's most exciting startups, and you're based outside the us, we want to hear from you
mexico's enrique pea nieto is leading an oil revolution worth billions
facebook admits it's seen a drop in usage among teens
the world's 12 most powerful entrepreneurs:
hillary clinton is connected to virtually everyone on the world's most powerful people list:
the common application to college: great idea, disastrous execution
is michael dell still the right man for the job? customers and partners weigh in:
if you launched one of the world's most exciting startups, and you're based outside the us, we want to hear from you
mexico's enrique pea nieto is leading an oil revolution worth billions
8 people from our #powerfulpeople list hail from mainland china and india, 3 of whom are billionaires
forget the bailout - this is the untold true story of how general motors was really saved:
billionaire jacqueline mars charged with reckless driving in fatal car crash
.@obodur oprah! same breath as obama, putin, merkel and xi? #askforbes
.@kimberleeann most elected officials will be off (except putin, who could serve until 2024) but @pontifex @billgates @elonmusk #askforbes
.@jamesnicholsfry wouldn't it be great if people used their power for good. many do @billgates @billclinton for example #askforbes
.@craigwoodsf the power list changes every year, more so on bottom (40-72) than on top. one for sure is ben bernanke #askforbes
.@bjornulv putin is no. 1 most powerful b/c he's center on the global stage, and olympics is a small part of that #askforbes
the common application to college: great idea, disastrous execution
this year there are 9 women on our list of the world's most powerful people - 12% of the ranking
the world's 12 most powerful entrepreneurs:
putin is the most powerful person in the world:
$gm beats the street on third quarter eps thanks to demand for new vehicles
hillary clinton is connected to virtually everyone on the world's most powerful people list:
we're looking for a wealth analyst intern in nyc. it's a paid position. details:
no iphone bump for september retail sales
this holiday season, target is all about the discounts, and not much else
move over, stewart and colbert. meet the millennial duo mining public policy for laughs:
if only ford could get its business firing on all cylinders
giving cash directly to the poor gets thumbs up from a new study
with the 2015 escalade, cadillac elevates the art and science of luxury
pros and cons of selling your home to a real estate investor:
central europe is becoming a big destination for medical tourism
does applying for financial aid hurt your college admissions chances?
st. louis expects to see a $23.7 million economic impact from hosting the world series
here's what you need to know about how financial aid need affects college admission decisions:
another way to use forbes' safesource anonymous file upload system: paste
pros and cons of selling your home to a real estate investor:
average home prices across the u.s. are back to their mid-2004 levels and roughly 20% below their june/july 2006 peak
new york giants' jerry reese ranks among the worst-drafting gms
introducing safesource, a new way to send forbes anonymous tips and documents:
move over, stewart and colbert. meet the millennial duo mining public policy for laughs:
if only ford could get its business firing on all cylinders
is your fantasy basketball league legal?
for most investors, twitter's ipo price doesn't matter
nominations are open for this year's list of america's most promising companies
lou reed dies at 71 - he leaves behind a musical legacy matched by few and known by many
the dallas cowboys: the best bad team in sports
evan spiegel is a 23 year-old stanford dropout sitting atop what could be a $3.5 billion company
kroger knows your shopping patterns better than you do
journalist @penenberg invited hackers to hack him. learn from his mistakes:
new study says millennials 'just can't afford to drive'
now you can give the gift of starbucks with twitter
"create the best product you can," and other business tips from once homeless billionaire, john paul dejoria:
if you're a fan of photography, here are 10 instagrammers whose work you should be following:
obamacare faces a 'death spiral'
fyi: if you're in public, the conversation you're having isn't a private one
forget the golden years -- a growing number of americans say they'll be working until they die
5 signs you should run from a job interview and never look back:
how one millennial turned his liberal arts degree into a six-figure job:
how to work a room like you own the place:
freelancing becomes a normal way of life, gender pay gap starts to close, and more workplace trends for 2014:
top 10 reasons why large companies fail to keep their best talent:
fbi says it's seized $28.5 million in bitcoins from ross ulbricht, alleged owner of silk road
weekend box office: 'jackass: bad grandpa' tops with $32 million
inside forbes: @lewisdvorkin's watch list for 2014, a defining year for the business of journalism
will getting a mba make you happy?
listen to what this mother has to go through to get her kids a medicine she thinks could save their lives:
according to a new linkedin survey, google is the #1 employer but big oil is rising fast
havens: the many mansions of hedge fund billionaire steve cohen
the best- and worst-performing biotech stocks, oct. 18 to oct. 25
online visitors are bored with captchas, so heinz is playing games with them instead
which member of the beatles, living or dead, earns the most? we crunched the numbers:
what scott adams learned from building his dilbert empire
a few possible explanations for bitcoin's most recent price surge:
these are the new publicly funded solar projects you should care about:
cap qe and give it an expiry date: fed's plosser
as rivals fade, goldman stands firm on commodities
the u.s. supreme court agrees to decide standards for software patent eligibility #breaking
allianz says business model is interest rate-proof: ceo in paper
at 12:00pm et, chicago fed president charles evans talks about what november jobs report means for tapering policy:
graphic: u.s. nonfarm payrolls
total to buy stake in interoil png assets for up to $3.6 billion
rupee offers india budget relief as subsidy pressure eases
wto close to elusive world trade deal, say officials
southwest, virgin win waiver to purchase laguardia slots
gm's holden to exit australia as early as 2016: reports
china's biggest jeweler sees gold in the masses
argentina, repsol in talks regarding ypf compensation: argentina
exclusive: osx, bondholders in talks to delay interest payment, sources say
hayman capital sells entire stake in j.c. penney: bloomberg tv
u.s. small businesses add staff in november: nfib
unilever aims to reduce product assortment by 30 percent: cfo
china bars banks from bitcoin transactions
japan approves $182 billion economic package
bnp paribas agrees to buy polish rabobank unit for $1.4 billion
solarcity to offer tesla-made batteries to business customers
rbs, sandp sued by european investors for $250 million crisis losses
southwest, virgin america to buy laguardia slots: sources
credit suisse sells german private bank business: sources
american airlines launches repricing effort
fed could delay rate hikes with inflation 'floor': fed study
exclusive: morgan stanley, ubs hired to run applus+ ipo: source
u.s. court questions google defense against oracle over android
exclusive: u.s. plans new bank fraud cases in early 2014 - attorney general
u.s. service sector growth slows in november: ism survey
u.s. trade deficit narrows as exports hit record high
hp to cut 1,124 jobs in uk, unite union says
deutsche bank bans online chats for fx and fixed income staff
greece, blackberry - 'cautious' bets for canada's fairfax
diners not biting on kfc's china revival campaign
asian shares retreat as fed taper talk returns
japan readies $182 billion economic package, no new debt needed: sources
sturdy jobs report eyed, may put december fed taper on table
japan economic package to total $182 billion: sources
britain's cameron defends gsk's business practices in china
iran's indian bank looks to life after sanctions windfall
chile central bank calls for more oversight in cross-holdings
supreme court rules texas billionaire owes tax shelter penalty
fed's lacker: banks' bankruptcy plans will reduce risky funding
raytheon ceo sees $4 billion-$5 billion in mideast orders in 'weeks'
stock futures decline on fed taper timing concerns
adidas sticks to 2015 sales and profit targets
japan preparing $53 billion economic stimulus package this week: sources
companies, academics say budget cuts threaten u.s. competitiveness
wells fargo: u.s. targeting executive as defendant may be retaliation
faa proposes fines against southwest, great lakes
u.s. approves microsoft purchase of nokia's mobile business
cognizant to hire 10,000 in us in next 3 years
audi adds baby sport utility model to suv offerings
u.s. justices decline to hear online retailers' tax case
futures flat after 8-week run-up; data on tap
former malaysia pm mahathir quits as petronas adviser
comcast tests new ad tech to help networks capture binge viewers
bali talks to decide fate of wto
u.s. online sales fuel retail gains over thanksgiving weekend
nobel prize economist warns of u.s. stock market bubble
china's november factory growth clings to 18-month high
china may see ipo thaw in 2014 as regulator smoothes approval process
westjet pilots reject tentative deal; strike not expected
french carmakers poised for scramble to reclaim iran
virtuous veterans hard to find in british banking
credit suisse ultra-rich swiss head boegli to step down: memo
tepco to divert $7.2 billion from 10-year capex budget to fukushima: sources
euro zone has long way to go in climb out of crisis: ecb's mersch
italy october jobless rate stable at 12.5 percent, youth unemployment at new high
nikkei pauses on profit-taking, yen hits five-year low versus euro
monte paschi says cap increase deal with banks expires in january
co-op bank loses customers after ex-chairman scandal
exclusive: ex-ubs banker weil agreed to extradition to the u.s.
german utility e.on plans sale of italian business
euro zone loans contraction increases pressure on ecb
nikkei nears 5-1/2 year peak as yen sags; rupiah, baht slide
boe to focus on housing in carney's first financial stability report
analysis: high-ethanol gas - not coming to a pump near you
samsung's marketing splurge doesn't always bring bang-for-buck
spain's repsol says board backs preliminary ypf deal
rbs boss: no 'systematic' profiting from troubled firms
bitcoin surpasses $1,000 for first time
sap co-ceo snabe says it-airbus does not make sense
gauge of u.s. business spending plans, durable goods orders fall in oct
ubs says french investigators visit headquarters
peugeot ceo faces union-led calls to renounce pension
for u.s. stores it is ugly out there - in more ways than one
exclusive - jpmorgan tried but failed to satisfy fed on metals warehousing: letters
ex-sac analyst takes stand in steinberg's insider trading trial
airbus aims to overtake boeing fleet in latin america next year
osx brasil board elects euchrio rodrigues chief executive
hp quarterly revenue falls
u.s. auto sales to end year strong, but fears about incentives mount
thyssenkrupp to sell u.s. plant for $1.97 billion: report
toyo tire to pay $120 million for price-fixing: u.s. justice department
pope attacks 'tyranny' of markets in manifesto for papacy
german watchdog ends amazon probe after pricing concession
repsol board set to accept $5 billion ypf deal on wednesday: sources
china seeks to boost trade with ex-communist europe
bayer makes $2.4 billion takeover bid for norway's algeta
hyundai motor looks to raise u.s. sales by 10 percent in 2014: executive
intel wants $500 million for internet tv service: bloomberg
brazil judge accepts bankruptcy protection for batista's osx
spanish minister, repsol and la caixa in argentina for talks on ypf: sources
peugeot names former renault no.2 as next ceo
u.s. private sector rebounds in november: markit
stock futures point to continued rally, but oil dips
china local government debt at manageable levels, though some risks: expert
cairn india to spend $1 billion on buyback: bloomberg
infratil sells glasgow prestwick airport to scottish government
healthier u.s. consumers bode well for retail stocks: barron's
swiss voters reject proposal to limit executives' pay
lloyds to sell up to half tsb stake at ipo: newspaper
peugeot's ceo prepares to step aside for dongfeng deal: sources
brazil awards $9 billion of airport deals, prepping rio for olympics
jal pulls dreamliner from two int'l routes after engine problem
exclusive - tomkins explores potential $7 billion sale: sources
former credit suisse trader serageldin gets 30 months in jail
eu set to clear microsoft, nokia mobile phone deal: sources
ackman says lost up to $500 mln on herbalife short bet: bbg tv
insight: for cisco and huawei, a bruising rivalry reaches stalemate
chinese nokia workers pledge to continue strike
ecb's praet warns of deflationary pressures in euro zone
south korea to buy 40 lockheed f-35s, further 20 jets still open
novartis sweetens investors with $5 billion share buyback
ackman to renew attack on herbalife at robin hood conference
sac chief operating officer to leave as hedge fund transforms
sac chief operating officer to leave hedge fund as firm transforms
fed officials signal next policy battle: rate guidance
gulf carriers eye prize as australia airlines duke it out
u.s. jury awards apple $290.45 million in its patent damages retrial against samsung: verdict #breaking
a u.s. jury has reached a verdict in patent damages retrial between apple and samsung: court official #breaking
gulf takes aviation by storm with $200 billion of orders
yellen takes big step toward becoming next fed chair
germany's eads workers to stage walkout on november 28
credit suisse outlines crisis plan to shield swiss activities
target profit pinched by weak u.s. sales, canadian expansion
futures drift higher ahead of data, target slips
fragile global recovery stumbles as europe, china falter
insight: big trucks still rule detroit in energy-conscious era
exclusive: mindich's eton park cuts fees, creates more liquid share class
u.s. hedge fund advisor pleads guilty to child porn charges
banco do brasil looks to asia for $1 billion loan, sources say
chrysler adds four underwriters as it eyes december ipo: sources
on china's roads, where luxury risks becoming ordinary
ally financial repays $5.9 billion in bailout aid: treasury
venezuela launches joint venture with samsung electronics
ecb nominates france's nouy to chair banks supervisor
shareholders raise surveillance concerns at atandt, verizon
u.s. aircraft moved from dubai airshow ahead of big storm
wall street banks must abandon 'cottage industry' model: mckinsey
lowe's raises outlook as housing rebound boosts sales
ecb shouldn't signal next move so soon after cut: weidmann
glaxosmithkline completes sale of aspen shares, raising $694 million
mazda ceo says to begin production at key mexico plant from january
jpmorgan says 'mea culpa' in $13 billion settlement with u.s.
uk minister sees 'stronger' g4s after review
50 a380s? we could have bought 10 more, says emirates
thyssenkrupp in exclusive talks on sale of u.s. steel plant
as big automakers go electric, mazda squeezes more from gasoline engines
devon energy near $6 billion deal for geosouthern energy: source
raytheon says in final talks on qatar patriot deal
u.s. launches investigation into tesla model s fires
sysco unit settles charges it overbilled u.s. military for produce
u.s. prosecutors arrest, charge sec examiner steven gilchrist for making false statements about his stock holdings #breaking
lew says big budget deal unlikely without revenues
analysis: european telcos' merger hopes help close atlantic gap
home depot raises outlook again after strong quarter
bombardier to sell 5 jets to iraqi airways for $387 million
ecb's praet says euro zone economy improving
credit suisse private bank co-heads confident of growth
insight: wall street uses 'merchant' workaround to cling to commodity assets
asian shares edge to 2-week high on china optimism
petronas rescinds $850 million deal for stake in ogx blocks: ogx
exclusive: triartisan partners in lead to buy carl's jr. chain owner - sources
bank of america $8.5 billion settlement a 'win' for investors, lawyer says
union leader says boeing speeds 777x due to airbus jet
five more arrested in $45 million cybercrime scheme
senate hearing on wall st's physical commodities trading postponed
federal judge orders mf global to pay $1 billion to customers
carly fiorina: bringing business efficiency to a nonprofit
qatar airways to launch saudi services early next year
bidders for aig unit ilfc in talks with financiers - bloomberg
euro zone rebound weaker than hoped: ecb's nowotny
private equity firm advent offers $1.58 billion cash for unit4
u.s. fed's rosengren advocates streamlining bank capital rules
asia shares edge ahead, tokyo climbs six-month peak
gulf carriers' 15 minutes of jet order hysteria
china reform winners consumer, healthcare stocks; losers, big banks
etihad says orders 87 airbus
boeing launches new 777 with 259 orders
anz bank wins approval for sub-branch in shanghai free trade zone
boeing targets 2020 first delivery for 777x: executive
japan government to compile second part of growth strategy in june: media
senate inches toward fannie, freddie reform but deal elusive
analysis: investors take aim at male, pale and stale' u.s. boards
u.s. justice dept still looking into metals warehousing
u.s. factory expansion broadens even as autos weigh
starbucks loses 'charbucks' appeal
u.s. economic growth gauge slips in latest week- ecri
u.s. postal service ends fiscal year with smaller loss of $5 billion
jos. a. bank terminates offer to buy men's wearhouse
ex-jpmorgan "whale" trader to resist u.s. extradition
insight: fixing the world's metals warehousing: why so long?
paulson holds onto bullish bets in gold etf in third-quarter, others cut
japanese shares gun for best week in four years as yen slips
kodak bankruptcy advisers likely to see $240 million payday
buffett's berkshire buys big exxon mobil stake
zayo sets terms on $1.85 billion repricing loan
monte paschi posts third quarter loss, bad loans rise
vivendi says has yet to choose new cfo
jp morgan, citi win bigger share of investment banking revenue
jpmorgan to shut geneva energy trading operation: sources
u.s. trade gap widens on imports, weekly jobless claims fall slightly
jobless claims fall, but prior week revised higher
merck kgaa says eyes acquisitions at all four units
japan's top banks'q2 earnings leap as 'abenomics' boosts equity holdings
burberry first-half profit meets guidance
fairholme proposes to buy insurance businesses of fannie, freddie
boeing machinists cast historic vote on labor contract
dow, sandp end at record highs on macy's, yellen
american airlines municipal bonds take flight for u.s. mutual funds
cisco quarterly revenue misses expectations, shares fall
alitalia's board approves revised business plan, cap hike delay
boeing machinists cast historic vote on labor contract
apple, samsung retrial kicks off over patent damages
jaguar land rover mulling opening of brazil car plant
ford unveils global small car, key to opening emerging markets
google's motorola seeks comeback with low-cost smartphone
starbucks to restate results to show loss from kraft damages
petrochina buys petrobras' oil, gas assets in peru for $2.6 billion
exclusive: tpg shakes up asia leadership in middle of fundraising drive
enel completes severenergia sale to rosneft for $1.8 billion
mexico becoming nissan's export hub for americas: ceo
antitrust lessons for future mergers in u.s. airline deal
chevron makes its case in trial over $19 billion ecuadorean judgment
ice completes takeover of nyse
eu leaders promise jobs for 'lost generation' of youth
corzine, banks fail to win dismissal of mf global lawsuit
cyber attack 'war game' tests london banks
us airways, amr reach antitrust settlement: source
eu banks outside euro zone likely to overcome stress test divide
u.s. bank customers like electronic channels, but want branches too
eu leaders meet on youth jobs but solutions elusive
dish subscriber count beats expectations
nikon sticks to camera guns while rivals reload in other sectors
exclusive: new uk financial regulators face surge in staff turnover
world bank says expanded access to banking services comes with risks
cyber attack 'war game' to test london banks
mexico to identify possible telecom antitrust targets 'very soon'
maserati, chrysler shuffle executives
u.s. should get mortgage firm data for probe, judge says
hsbc, jpmorgan top global banks capital surcharge list
stock futures flat as market takes breather after rally
insight: african tech startups aim to power growing economies
violent bangladesh garment pay clash shuts over 100 factories
analysis: u.s. retailers tread tight path in shortened holiday race
temasek, hopu buy $213 million stake in chinese dairy maker
global economy: surprise tactics sweep central banking
jal reports problem with 787 battery on helsinki-tokyo flight
u.s. seeks $864 million from bank of america after fraud verdict
exclusive: german parties reach deal on banking union - sources
china inflation hits eight-month high amid tightening fear
investors to keep focus on fed for tapering clues
british airways must face flyers' u.s. lawsuit over fuel surcharges
ten years to make gm cadillac a global brand: new marketing chief
barrick gold signals its founder, peter munk, to step down
pwc ordered to face fraud claim over lipper hedge fund collapse
jpmorgan consumer bank ahead of plan on job cuts, expenses: executive
boeing warns seattle could lose 777x if deal rejected
india's infosys to pay $34 million in u.s. visa case
lufthansa accepts first boeing 777 freight plane after repair
eni demands $10 billion from statoil in arbitration: report
more than 50 arrested at los angeles protest over wal-mart wages
salix bolsters gastro drug line-up with $2.6 billion santarus buy
asian shares skid to three-week lows, euro pummelled by ecb rate cut
u.s. seeks new defendant in wells fargo mortgage fraud case
ibm's cfo loughridge to retire by year-end
chairman says deutsche bank knew of probe when extending ceo contract
klepierre says in talks with carrefour on shopping mall deal
u.s. spying harms cloud computing, internet freedom: wikipedia founder
twitter share volume hits 13 million after first minute of trading - watch the live stock chart
twitter shares indicated to open between $45.50 and $46.50  - live video as we await opening of trading
wells fargo targets big spenders in credit card push
reuters olivia oran reports from the floor of nyse that we're now between $42 and $46
traders crowd around the barclay's booth at nyse
futures turned higher after european central bank cut its benchmark interest rate to a record low - live video
china extends graft investigation into shipping industry
deutsche boerse settles iran suit with u.s.
gm's tavera suv recall to be overseen by india government panel
sandp says next government's agenda to determine india's rating
toll brothers gets more california lots with shapell buy
cautious consumers seen curbing u.s. economic growth
prosecutors seek clues on alleged tax dodgers from two u.s. banks
payment start-up square explores ipo: wsj
creditors to vote on patriot coal's bankruptcy exit plan
ex-ceo of collapsed virginia bank gets 23 years for fraud
here's what to expect from twitter's ipo
u.s. regulator prepares crackdown on debt collectors
regulator asks generali to re-assess ex-managers' actions
solar company suntech takes step towards final wind-down
google rivals asked if concessions go far enough in antitrust inquiry
abercrombie and fitch to offer larger sizes by spring
exclusive: telefonica likely to back telecom italia cash call, eyes tim sale
u.s. planned layoffs rise in october: challenger
ing may leave state rescue two years early
analysis: financial markets question value of ecb rate cut
uk industrial output jumps in september, beats forecasts
german private sector expands for sixth month running in october: pmi
samsung electronics vows more aggressive investment, targets tablets
alstom mulls transport unit stake sale after weak h1
asian shares frozen by fed, ecb uncertainty
washington governor to announce tentative deal on boeing 777x
former ecuadorian judge denies fraud, defends chevron ruling
china eyes adopting international law to spark life into trade zones
october u.s. jobs report seen muddied by government shutdown
cargill will change the way it labels products like ground beef in the wake of "pink slime" furor
weatherford to cut debt by up to $5 billion in two years
hyundai expands u.s. recall of genesis for potential brake issue
ryanair investors berate o'leary but fear his leaving
ukraine signs $10 billion shale gas deal with chevron
cvs caremark raises outlook after higher third-quarter profit
has zara reached saturation point? far from it, investors bet
ppf buys 65.9 percent stake in telefonica's czech unit
italian banks near saturation point on government debt
china needs 7.2 percent gdp growth for employment: premier
boeing seen in advanced talks to make 777x near seattle
boeing seen in advanced talks to make 777x near seattle
co-op hedge fund shareholder famous for argentina battle
u.s. to put sac hedge fund out of business over insider trading
in charts: the state of global manufacturing
g4s and serco woes deepen with british fraud investigation
u.s. justices decline to review facebook 'beacon' settlement
tesco to scan uk shoppers for targeted advertising
blackberry calls off sale, to replace ceo: globe
fed's bullard: no hurry to taper because of low inflation
g4s says britain's sfo to investigate tagging contract
norwegian air pilots call off strike
french factory activity shrinks faster in october: pmi
nokia says samsung extends patent license deal
zurich reviews uncover no undue pressure on wauthier
fed's fisher says u.s. government bears blame for slow recovery
britain must stay in eu but reforms needed, business leaders say
exclusive: tri pointe nears $2.7 billion deal for weyerhaeuser unit: sources
u.s. manufacturers refashion themselves as 'lifestyle brands'
air france sets tough conditions for alitalia investment: report
idb to launch $10 billion islamic bond program in dubai
lenders to return to athens next week after greek budget offer
northrop sees strong foreign interest in unmanned helicopter
wall st. week ahead: twitter's ipo to provide week's excitement
lockheed shows plans for hypersonic spy plane; focus on low cost
fed officials eye inflation, jobs in dueling qe arguments
analysis: new borrowing tool could make u.s. debt debates less harrowing
liberty global names european mobile chief in 'quad' push
siemens investors seek strategy hints from new boss
china's gezhouba to build dams in argentina worth $4.7 billion
chevron earnings down on refining, well output rises
stock futures edge higher after two-day decline
nissan, facing growing pains, reshuffles management
high home ownership linked to high unemployment: study
asia factory sector upbeat, led by china
u.s. navy cancels notice on possible f/a-18 fighter jet order
google, samsung, huawei sued over nortel patents
credit suisse dismisses trader who cost bank $6 million: wsj
bombardier profit dips as plane deliveries, orders fall
u.s. october auto sales expected to show 12 percent rise
happening now: president obama takes the stage at business summit to promote fdi 
chinese carmakers narrow quality gap with global brands
profile: @masason, softbank's ceo, is a rags-to-riches story
suntech to challenge involuntary bankruptcy petition
u.s. jobless claims declined by 10,000 last week
china's alibaba to launch online fund sales service: media
britain mulls tax on foreign property investors: sky
u.s. day ahead: oracle faces a potential revolt at its annual shareholder meeting and it's q3 oil fest.
boj stands pat on policy, focus on semi: annual report
asian markets take glancing blow from fed
barrick mulls options to raise cash, reduce debt: sources
lululemon hires kmart executive as product chief
facebook tops analyst revenue targets as mobile ads surge
boeing to place much of 777x design work outside seattle
boeing to place much of 777x design work outside seattle
twitter hit with $124 million lawsuit over private stock sale
exclusive: vivendi cfo capron expected to be named veolia cfo - sources
mands to ask for more time as clothing sales keep falling
erste bank asset quality improves ahead of key test
sprint posts decline in third-quarter revenue
honda profit up as u.s., japan car sales offset thai drop
analysis: global liquidity swell to spill into 2014
linkedin's conservative forecast gives pause to sizzling stock surge
sec sues investor over alleged carter's insider-trading scheme
ally settles u.s. regulators' mortgage securities claims
u.s. steel to permanently shut ontario mill
airbus won't deliver fewer than 25 a380 a year: ceo in paper
time warner cable ceo britt says he has cancer
airbus offers to retrofit fuel-saving a320 wingtips
infosys in process of resolving u.s. visa investigation
u.s. reports $9.7 billion loss on general motors bailout
france must beat u.s. at economic intelligence: trade minister
macy's, barneys probed after racial profiling claims: report
u.s. consumer spending measure rises, but auto sales tumble
thomson reuters beats third-quarter street view; net sales positive
ubs says taken swift action over ongoing forex probe
cost of banking clean-up hits deutsche and ubs anew
bp beats forecasts, hikes dividend as big oil q3 kicks off
stanchart says korea woes, currency weaknesses to temper profit growth
'abenomics' helped counteract asia capital outflows: imf
u.s. copper fabricator ends fight against jpm, blackrock funds
fed to outline bank commodity policy early 2014: source
deutsche boerse gets offer from u.s. to settle iran case
mcdonald's puts the squeeze on heinz
switzerland extradites man linked to finmeccanica probe to italy
u.s. pending home sales fall by most in more than three years in september
panel says no cover-up in japan's mizuho mob loans scandal
stock futures edge higher as rally looks set to continue
eu seeks feedback from rivals over google antitrust offer
kkr to invest $100 million to build wireless infrastructure: wsj
lg electronics unveils curved smartphone in race against samsung
shareholders may sue treasury wine over u.s. inventory impairment
record high on wall street lifts asian spirits
macquarie eyes a slice of australian banks' home mortgage pie
kohl's makeover could lift shares: barron's
wall street week ahead: focus on facebook, apple and the fed
china's dongfeng still weighing benefits of investing in peugeot
analysis: strained finances trip up french firms' recovery role
libya says u.s. firm marathon to stay, eyes algeria gas deal
blackberry not a strategic fit for us: sap cfo in magazine
u.s. judge narrows dubai bank claims versus ing over investment losses
pentagon wants f-35 contractor accountability as it weighs output boost
toyota settles u.s. acceleration case after $3 million verdict
ketchup changeup: new heinz ceo prompts mcdonald's to switch
nasdaq says claims in facebook ipo capped at $41.6 million
u.s. senator paul plans 'hold' on yellen's fed nomination: cnbc
glencore, sumitomo buy rio coal mine stake for $1 billion
procter and gamble posts higher quarterly profit
uk economy picks up speed in third-quarter, growth fastest since 2010
china overhauls consumer protection laws
exclusive: in rare china sale, sinopec seeks partner for canada shale
mizuho considering pay suspension for ceo over mob loan scandal: sources
amazon third-quarter sales top wall street expectations
analysis: low rate pledge seen recharging canada's housing boom
boston scientific stents lag, cfo resigns, shares fall
exclusive: apax nears one call deal for more than $2 billion - sources
airline profits rise in third quarter, but united misses
exclusive: rbs expected to name morgan stanley to lead citizens ipo - sources
pimco's gross tells icahn to leave apple alone
analysis: black sea gas bonanza remains elusive
u.s. jobless claims miss forecasts as the trade deficit widens slightly
pmi manufacturing index at 51.1 in october versus 52.8 in september; lowest since october 2012: markit
stock futures climb, with earnings, data on tap
pmis show euro zone growth sluggish, china picking up
japan says exports almost flat as shipments to asia slow down
korean air says to buy boeing planes worth $3.77 billion
china october hsbc flash pmi rises to 50.9 as new orders grow
doj probes nine banks on mortage-backed securities: ft
santander poised for big profit jump as bad debt provisions fall
us airways third-quarter profit falls; shares off
former ecuadorean judge testifies to bribery in chevron case
panasonic to slash chipmaking workforce by half: nikkei
intel's dadi perlmutter to step down in february
boeing to increase 787 production to 12 per month in 2016
caterpillar posts lower results, cuts outlook on mining weakness
lilly beats wall street third-quarter expectations, helped by cost cuts
roche ceo would not rule out move into rare diseases
heineken cuts 2013 profit forecast after weak third-quarter
asia shares pare gains, dollar pressured after u.s. jobs data
jpmorgan close to $6 billion settlement with investors: source
carl icahn cuts netflix stake, pockets $800 million profit
deloitte to pay $2 million to settle charges over audit rule violations
rf micro reports profit; revenue rises 48 percent
new ceo signals strategic changes at forest labs
apple's new ipad air tablet weighs a single pound.
dollar hits lowest level versus the euro since november 2011 #breaking
analysts raise netflix targets but ask if shares now too high
what we talk about when we talk about apple's tuesday live event
ex-ubs banker wanted in the u.s. appears at italian court after arrest
bls: u.s. september payroll employment added 148,000 jobs; unemployment 7.2% - live coverage
coach's profit falls on continued weakness in north america
buffett's berkshire cuts tesco stake by $485 million
china central bank set for modest policy tightening - adviser
eu court: germany has complied with 'volkswagen law' ruling
hyundai expands recall of genesis sedans to south korea for brake issue
activision ceo, co-chairman control 25 percent of votes
petrobras-led group wins brazil oil auction with minimum bid
buffett's berkshire cuts tesco stake by one-fifth -filing
exclusive: tri pointe in advanced talks to buy weyerhaeuser home unit - sources
italian unions to strike over government budget
u.s. high court declines to hear privacy lawsuit against thomson reuters
business jet sales to top $18 billion as buyers seek bigger planes
airbus says a350 tests going well, sticks to delivery plan
exclusive: goldman vice chairman evans to retire at year's end - memo
u.s. existing home sales fall, price appreciation slows
etihad in talks to buy 25-30 boeing 777x, expand 787 order: sources
stock futures drift near record ahead of data, earnings
wall street banks learn how to survive in staged cyber attack
ex-ubs banker wanted in u.s. tax probe arrested in italy
philips' profits improve across the group
office depot, office max on track for ftc approval: report
vietnam airlines plan fleet boom as roads and rail fail
amazon's third-party deals must change, german watchdog says: paper
twitter quitters dog ipo
karnit flug named as new bank of israel governor
jpmorgan in tentative $13 billion deal with u.s. justice department: source
gm has restarted production of tavera vehicles in india
bulgari ceo sees 2014 swiss watch exports grow 5-10 percent: paper
arguments conclude in bp trial on size of gulf spill
in debate over bubbles, one fed official warns against tighter policy
as stock splits wane, more may follow google to $1,000
fed to release delayed report on industrial output on october 28
fed's tarullo says bank funding still biggest risk
google shares jump to an all-time high after surge in mobile and video advertising
gm aids opel by booking russian profits at loss-making unit
stock futures climb on rosy corporate results
dbrs places monte paschi ratings under review
regulation leads to exchange regionalization: nyse euronext official
rosneft board approves $9 billion domestic bonds plan
analysis: lurching gold prices mystify traders, undermine confidence
analysis: brewing u.s. ethanol legal battle hinges on meaning of 'supply'
u.s.-based money market funds have $43 billion outflow: lipper
australia's rinehart family feud risks spilling over to business
google internet revenue rises 23 percent in third-quarter
fed needs 'couple of meetings' before cutting qe3: evans
analysis: awash in oil, u.s. reshapes mideast role 40 years after opec embargo
the u.s. federal reserve says it will propose rules at the october 24 meeting to implement basel iii liquidity requirements.
fewer iphone 5c sold than expected, but 5s scarce: verizon cfo
new details of alleged barclays rate-fixing emerge in court case
lagardere to part with 10 magazines, 350 jobs hit
fiscal policy fight may dampen u.s. economic growth: reuters poll
insight: getty captures risks of fed's easy money policy
goldman sachs profit falls two percent as trading revenue drops
relief over u.s. debt deal short-lived as dollar slides
nestle sales growth misses poll on weak europe and asia
corruption watchdog slams chinese firms' lack of transparency
ebay holiday quarter outlook disappoints on u.s. weakness
for hedge funds, debt crisis largely business as usual
ford offers auto writers a look at redesigned mustang next week
ebay cfo: "u.s. ecommerce softened considerably and we have a cautious outlook for the holiday season" $ebay
toys r us picks interim ceo for top post, gets new u.s. president
american express profit rises 9.3 percent
fed mulls capital surcharge for banks owning commodity assets: wsj
snc-lavalin shares sink on profit warning
italian minister confident eu will allow alitalia rescue plan
american airlines to add flights to asia from dallas/forth worth
embattled ceo of germany's tag to transfer his assets to trustee
u.s. stock indexes hit session highs on optimism about a plan to raise the debt limit and end government shutdown in republican-led house
french banks face new foe as tobacconists offer accounts
stock futures up on cautious optimism of washington resolution
advance auto parts to buy general parts in $2.04 billion deal
fitch warns it may cut u.s. credit rating from aaa
publicis third-quarter sales slow, optimistic for 2014
china securities regulator calls for more retail investor protection
measured praise from u.s. senators on irish tax loophole change
repo markets prepare for operational risks amid u.s. default fears
regulation leads to exchange regionalisation: nyse euronext official
snapshot: intel reports third-quarter revenue of $13.5 billion, net income of $3 billion; q3 earnings per share $0.58 $intc
greenlight capital posts returns of 4.3 percent in q3, bringing ytd to 11.8 percent: letter
schwab posts highest profit since 2008, shares jump
ireland to close apple's tax loophole, but leave bigger one open
fed better prepared now than in 2011 for possible u.s. default: fisher
wal-mart says u.s. government shutdown on customers' minds
stock futures dip after citi earnings
china to ban new projects in sectors facing overcapacity
asian shares head to 5-month highs on u.s. deal hopes
kkr writes new check to help first data refinance debt
fiat fails to get quick trial in chrysler stake dispute
analysis: u.s. race to clinch debt sales may prove costly
correction: nasdaq halts coldwater creek ($cwtr); news pending
gsw accepts deutsche wohnen offer, group to raise dividend
newly-christened nobel economics laureate shiller predicts the u.s. will not default
franco-german divisions cloud efforts to fix broken banks
stock futures off as deadlock in washington, china data weigh
insight: how credit suisse underwent painful bond surgery -and survived
netflix in talks with u.s. cable companies: wsj
analysis: late fed taper may do more harm than good for emerging nations
sainsbury's plans 'dark store' to meet online demand
europe prepares to come clean on hidden bank losses
analysis: italy's reform list reflects tough test for euro zone
uk court to hear evidence ahead of landmark libor ruling
rosneft ceo sechin, fund manager mobius, to discuss tnk-bp buy-out: ifax
nissan to sell infiniti brand cars in japan market
detroit says gets $350 million financing commitment from barclays
sandp to brazil: actions speak louder than words
sam's club bets new merchandise will make customers buy more
u.s. looking at alleged forex manipulation: source
report: u.s. may open an investigation into foreign exchange market manipulation, says @bloombergnews citing source
exclusive: glencore, vale in talks over canadian nickel tie-up - sources
wells fargo profit rises 13 percent after reserve release
analysis: lawsuits likely as epa declares us ethanol blend wall a 'reality'
u.s. day ahead: investors continue to fly blind without expected government data on the economy
fed officials split on policy, united on default danger
asian stocks hit three-week highs on hopes of u.s. debt deal
boeing restructures commercial airplane strategy, marketing
minor cracks found in part of f-35 b-model fighter plane
norwegian air ceo says boeing changed 787 pump design
us airways, american should not get merger papers: u.s. special master
u.s. government shutdown could delay keystone xl pipeline review
italy to participate in alitalia rescue: statement
u.s. cable companies home in on security
fed less likely to trim qe this month due to fiscal problems: bullard
norwegian air ceo says boeing changed 787 pump design
world bank urges emerging economy reforms before fed tapering
engineering firm urs furloughs 3,000 employees due to u.s. shutdown
stock futures climb on washington optimism
china signs second-biggest swap line with ecb
insight: big pharma braces for retirement of favorite regulator
tax penalty for two texans? supreme court weighs partner problem
accommodation renter airbnb fights ny state subpoena on sublets
lockheed, u.s. air force near $2.2 billion satellites deal
barington capital urges darden to split company: wsj
obama says bernanke has been a stabilizing force for u.s. economy, entire world: live remarks
kfc parent yum warns of delay in china sales recovery
jpmorgan launches $3.3 billion physical commodity business sale
world stocks set to rise steadily, barring u.s. budget blow-up: reuters poll
hewlett-packard ceo whitman: "comfortable with the progress we are making"
world bank's kim warns even u.s. default threat hurts poorest
stock futures up after yellen tapped as next fed chief
china arrests chairman of world's largest tin producer for bribes
eu regulators clear aegean airlines to acquire olympic air
shares under pressure as u.s. debt worries grow
jpmorgan may cut back on some types of business clients: wsj
airbus versus boeing japan battle switches to ana
u.s. aviation still stymied despite recall of faa staff
pentagon to withhold 5 percent of billings for pratt's f-35 engines
analysis: take hp's slide personally, ceo whitman tells employees
kate moss may be topshop's key to china
u.s. crisis should not distract g20 from growth plan: canada
j.c. penney says september same-store sales show improving trend
imf sees u.s. default as unlikely, but could be 'devastating'
j.c. penney says september same-store sales higher than august
#nelsonmandela: leader, icon, friend. professor klaus schwab remembers #southafrica's first black president #wef
klaus schwab: #nelsonmandela's "courage, compassion, wisdom and humility were without parallel on the world stage"
the one good thing about graduating in a recession? higher #job satisfaction, study says.
can money buy you happiness? yes, but only up to $36,000 a year, researchers find.
three steps we can take right now to fight catastrophic #climate change:
is #bitcoin a potential weapon of mass economic destruction? @phillipinman #wef
can #videogames help us understand #socialissues? @ibogost #wef
what can #china teach us about rational #markets? #wef
#frances problems are symptoms of a disease affecting the entire #globaleconomy, m. rocard
is #inequality holding back the recovery?
middle east and africa's two top challenges. how can we stop the cycle of political instability and economic discontent?
should a basic income replace welfare? switzerland is considering a $2,800 stipend regardless of age, wealth, work.
up to 50% of food in poor countries never reaches market. your #food waste questions answered:
the five common myths that are hurting the future of start-ups: @krisztinaholly @wefgac #globalagenda #wef
@nareejk thanks for your question. @garyvee from our #globalagenda council on #socialmedia has answered you:
@global_renewal thanks for your question jay cziraky from our #globalagenda council on #illicittrade answered you:
join our live chat for the final session of #wef summit on the  #globalagenda "navigating global transformations"
from asia to latin america, how are regions handling global trends? join our discussion live now
can #drones be our friends? civilian uses for drones from wildlife-tracking to personal jet packs:
what is america's future role in the world?
@policomm thanks for your question. ashish thakkar from our #globalagenda council on #africa has answered you: 
in the us tech sector, unemployment is only 3.5%, writes sd shibulal. would you retrain for a tech job? #globalagenda
it weakens social stability within countries threatens security on a global scale - h. gayle on widening wealth gap
youth unemployment could tear europe apart. @businessinsider covers our #globalagenda report
how can we stop wasting food? send your questions and comments via #globalagenda
how can we make sure every child goes to #school? gordon brown on the fight for education. @officegsbrown
what are your questions on the future of welfare? send via #globalagenda
"i don't believe immortality is a good thing..." joichi ito explains how technology can be a force for good
can #mining companies help prevent future conflicts?
african growth is expected to hit almost 6% by 2015. send us your questions about growth in africa and our experts will reply: #globalagenda
japan honours professor klaus schwab with order of the rising sun
is attracting foreign phd students the key to winning the #innovation race?
top reasons why you may be a "maths person" - even if you think you're not:
are we really facing a global #wine shortage - or a case of ambiguous graphs?
country with highest proportion of women in parliament: rwanda (64%) read about africa's gender revolution #gendergap
how important is it to speak more than one language?
what do you want to know about gender equality, women's opportunities, work-life balance around the world? send us your questions #wefgender
why women must fix our workaholic culture, by @ariannahuff #gendergap #wef
lesotho beats the us and canada on gender equality. here are africa's #gender top 10
the nordics are world leaders in #gender equality. what can we learn from their success?
a father and daughters conversation about everyday sexism - @2020science #gendergap
how will young people across the world change the way we work, study and innovate?
what challenges do women face in the 21st century? join the bbc's debate #100women @bbc
almost half of baked goods and 68% of bagged salad go to #waste, uk supermarket study shows:
what is the future for russia? share your ideas for today's #wef moscow meeting
overall co2 #emissions in the us have gone down because #shale gas is pricing coal out of the market.
can the #wef's new vision for agriculture change the way we grow #food? watch the discussion:
congratulations to our md @borgebrende on being appointed as #norway's next foreign minister! #wef
every year, we waste food worth the equivalent of switzerland's gdp. how do you avoid waste? #wef
by how much will hybrids cut overall energy consumption of cars? read our global energy report tomorrow, 15 oct. #wef
how can we sustainably feed a world population of 7 billion - and more? 16 oct is world #food day
congratulations to the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons for winning the #nobel peace prize! @opcw #wef @nobelprize_org
what is the first thing that janet yellen should do as head of the fed?
almost 27 million europeans are unemployed. how do we get the economy back on track?
an airbag for cyclists? read about design and policy and tell us about your favourite #design solution.
bionic limbs, dna therapies: what are the great ethical questions of the #biotech age?
who is the right player in the #innovation game? watch our video.
which countries invest in talent today to meet the challenges of tomorrow? watch our video:
#banking trails other sectors in the number of women on boards. time for change?
how can we tap and manage our most valuable resource  human capital? #wef
can #abenomics deliver sustainable growth?
this month, #wef green light looks at greentouch, an initiative that aims to transform data networks and the web
how can we combine efficient markets, mobility and anti-poverty policies?
if the mind is like a computer programme, can we create an electronic afterlife?
"a new generation is on the move in #europe." how are young workers changing the eu? #wef
"on a scale of 1 to 10, how weird are you?" the most offbeat job interview questions - and how to answer them. #wef @nytimes...
do women hold the key to fighting climate change?
to taper or not to taper: the next fed leader's big challenge @morningmoneyben
women hold 51% of top jobs in #china, more than in any other country. what's the secret of their success?
what do you think of the fed's decision not to taper?
can impact investing change the world? read about this buzzing strategy in our new report:
six top fundraising tips for ngos from the business world:
.@dom4good thanks again - we're happy to see you enjoyed being part of #amnc.
user-submitted responses were at the heart of #innovatefuture - see how you defined innovation here:
.@mazzucatom answered andrew maynard's question on bad innovation during #inovatefuture - see her response here:
can crowdsourcing subtitles for tv shows help cross cultural divides?
thank you for having been part of  #amnc #wef! your ideas and questions inspired us and helped us open up the debate.
after a jazz interlude, #innovatefuture is live - share your questions for our panel using the hashtag.
prescient observations from our panel on the state of the global economy - now, #scienceinnovation:
send us your questions for our interactive session on innovation using the #innovatefuture hashtag!
send in your questions on multinational companies for our experts - remember to use the #multilocal hashtag.
fascinating debate on education and training at #morejobs - ask our panel a question using the #morejobs hashtag.
75m young people are out of work, yet millions of jobs are unfilled. join our experts #amnc #morejobs soon at
a great point from @facebook's coo, @sherylsandberg, during our #complexworld session.
how can we create good jobs for young people? get involved and send us your input for our #morejobs session #amnc #wef
follow @wef for a blow-by-blow account of our sessions in dalian.
are you worried about income inequality? send us your questions for our experts using hashtag #incomeequality #amnc #wef.
don't forget to use the #abenomics hashtag when commenting on our session - stream it live here:
don't forget to use the #cnconsumer hashtag when interacting with our current session.
on the road with twitter - filmmaker tan siok siok discusses her documentary on forum:blog @sioksiok #wef
thank you all for your contributions to #amnc today - truly inspiring to see so much enthusiasm from participants and audience alike. #wef
we welcome your questions about the future of energy for our expert panel. please use the #nextgrowth hashtag!
great points made on china's financial outlook in #chinafinance - next up, the sustainability of current business models with #nextgrowth.
'driving smart development' is now live - join the debate using the #smartdev hashtag:
#nextea is broadcasting from dalian - join our debate on the future of asian diplomacy and trade here:
we want your input on the energy sources of the future! join our interactive session now #energyshifts
our annual meeting of the new champions opens tomorrow in dalian, people's republic of china! follow our live tweets @wef #amnc #wef
thank you for your input on the future of growth #nextgrowth and other #amnc #wef sessions. we look forward to tweeting the answers live.
send us your questions on leadership for our experts #amnc #wef including @sherylsandberg! please use the hashtag #complexworld.
thank you for your thought-provoking energy questions. keep them coming for #amnc #wef. hashtag: #energyshifts
send us your questions on multinational organizations, global ambitions, local responsibility  for #amnc #wef! hashtag: #multilocal
send us your questions about smart development for our experts at #amnc #wef in china. remember to use the #smartdev hashtag!
is rising income inequality threatening growth? send your questions for our expert panel at #amnc. remember to use #incomeequality hashtag.
could technology and education help latin america shine?
the worlds top ten most competitive economies
heat map: how competitive is your country on our interactive map?
400 mln indians live without electricity. can off-the-grid start-ups change their lives?
how will 3d printing change our world?
most americans don't use all their vacation days. are we too scared to rest?
the european central bank plans to double its number of female executives. do you agree with #gender quotas?
which simple household item has saved 800 million kw hours of energy in the us and canada? #wef @techpioneers
how do you host 4 million guests without building a single hotel? @shanerichmond talks to @airbnb.
what can business leaders do to boost the us economy?
which #eu country receives the highest number of #asylum applications? #wef
is #india on the brink of its own financial crisis? #wef
the next big low-cost manufacturer? america. #wef #madeinamerica
"treasure horse", "delicious happiness". which brands have the best chinese names? #wef #china #brands @eobserver
how can today's young leaders shape the communities of tomorrow? follow the @globalshapers annual curators meeting, geneva #acm13 @yglvoices
only 2.4% of european ceos are women. how can more european women reach the top? #wef
has the world's greatest job disappeared? #wef @newyorker
the real beef with artificial meat: can lab-grown burgers solve the world's #food problems? #wef
low-skilled us workers' pay fell 20.4% in 1979-2011. time for a negative income tax? #wef
how do you create dialogue in a country torn apart by war? watch @globalshaperssv in el salvador. @aidabs #wef
what were the biggest security breaches in internet history? #wef
how could satellites help both hedge funds and first responders? #wef
how should hospitals be rebuilt for the future? #wef
53% of recent graduates in the us are unemployed or underemployed. how can we get them back to work?
what does japan's election mean for abenomics? #wef
did you know that india 's organized retail industry only accounts for 
8% of total retail trade? #wef
watch some of the most memorable moments from our east asia meeting in myanmar here #wef
how much activity do you think happens in an internet minute? #wef
where is the worlds second-best performing stock exchange? read more here  the answer may surprise you. #wef
what if a hacker caused a large-scale internet outage? #wef
five myths about the arctic and its development: #wef
does economic history repeat itself? #wef
technology isnt just helping to innovate business. see what impact it has had on education. #wef
what is the future of politics in a digitized india? #wef
a new social contract to protect against shocks - kemal dervi on the forum:blog
should we consign the patent to history? #wef
how can the public and private sector work together to improve cyber-resilience? #wef
the united states now has 254 million internet users, but that is nothing compared to china:
how can myanmar meet the demand for skilled workers and foster innovation?  #wef
how would you use technology to help farmers in developing nations?  
is gold still a smart investment in spite of its recent devaluation?

transparency international have published a corruption barometer. what are the challenges in fighting corruption?
there could be 9.6 billion of us on earth by 2050 - what are the risks and rewards of such rapid population growth?
do dead people outnumber living, or vice versa? 
tell us what you think before finding out the truth below.  

have banks helped or hindered indias poor? read more on our forum:blog:
rt @wefrisk thinking the unthinkable: why you should prepare for more than one major shock at a time
do housing bubbles always cause financial crises? read more on our forum:blog:
will eu expansion end with croatia?
will china's credit squeeze have a knock-on effect on global markets?
italy faces 8 billion euros of losses on its pre-eurozone derivative deals. read more here:
what advice have start-up execs given to obama on the economy?  find out in this infographic:
why do inefficient firms survive despite their lack of productivity? ricardo hausmann knows:
blood relations sought to bring israelis and palestinians together over shared loss:
we asked googles vp @mattbrittin the secrets to succeeding in business. see what he had to say on our forum:blog
this christmas campaign helped demobilize more than 700 farc guerrillas. find out more here:
were raising awareness about great public education campaigns with creative for good -  see more here:
will italy's 3 billion bid on infrastructure bring it back from 8 quarters of contraction?- read more here:
our founder klaus schwab spoke with chinese premier li keqiang in beijing last week - see more here:
minister u soe thane was forwarded a twitter question by @bbcnikgowing during #myanmar at #ea13. see more here:
.@davidpapp thank you david. have a great friday also.
abuse of big data by governments or companies will result in loss of trust:
a secure cyber environment is the foundation of social and economic gain:
financial systems of the future should be smaller and simpler. read more from sheila blair on our forum:blog:
.@adeccosingapore @adeccomalaysia the pleasure was all ours. we appreciated hearing his thoughts on themes discussed in #ea13.
your #ea13 twitter questions on the role of millitary in the government were answered in #myanmarfuture:
this year's global competitiveness report paints a mixed picture of asean's competitiveness. read more here:
as a provider of jobs to millions, our oceans are a crucial source of employment. see more from our infographic:
a huge thank you to everyone who participated in #ea13 - your input truly made it a platform for change.
thanks to aung san suu kyi, @nhk_asianvoices and everyone who contributed to #myanmarjobs. next up, klaus schwab:
myanmar is embarking on a new road to prosperity. read more on our forum:blog here:
many thanks to @airasia's tony fernandes, @glipman and @sebfriends for contributing to #eatourism at #ea13. an insightful debate.
#eafinclusion is about to kick off the final day of our #ea13 programming schedule - stream proceedings here:
with aung san suu kyi's #assk conference having ended, that concludes thursday's #ea13 programming schedule. thanks to all involved today.
we're answering your questions on twitter - send in your input with the #earisks hashtags. #a13
don't forget to use the session hashtag when sending your questions in for #earisks, so that our participants can see your questions. #ea13
find out more about indonesia, a country made up of 17,508 islands, with this infographic:
#ea13's opening ceremonoy is being live-blogged by @ianbremmer on our forum:blog - share his insight here:
our "pursuing the asian century" session is being liveblogged by @ianbremmer  - follow the action here:
weve announced the top five southeast asian countries according to our global gender gap report. see them here:
what questions do you have for "moving from a cash to a banked economy" - a session on myanmars financial infrastructure? #eacash2bank
what questions do you have for moving from a cash to a banked economy - a session on myanmars financial infrastructure? #eacash2bank
japans new economic policies are helping its economy recover. see more here:
robust domestic demand is predicted to increase growth within developing asia. see more from this infographic:
what questions do you have for our participants on asias economic future and the prospect of regional integration? #ea13 #eafuturenet
we're conducting a series of polls on our facebook page prior to #ea13. join the debate here:
myanmars gdp is set to increase by 6.75% this fiscal year, with foreign investment the catalyst behind this growth.
could an "economic pivot" to east asia boost economic growth in europe?
our next meeting in myanmar will focus on three specific subjects. find out more about them here:
in 10 minutes @dwaughray is participating in a @momentum_unfccc qanda. 
thank you to everyone who contributed to #mena13 - our next meeting will be in myanmar for the forum on east asia.
thanks to everyone who participated in our #mena13 session on energy.
remember that you can send in any questions you have on energy for our #mena13 panel using #wefenergy. watch here:
here's a clip from yesterday's #mena13 event on rethinking the private sector:
we've just answered a question from twitter at #mena13 - if you would like something answering on arab employment use #wefemployment
our session on the business case for gender diversity is starting shortly. follow it here:
thank you to everyone who participated in our #mena13 session on foreign policy and those that sent in questions.
are there any questions you would like to ask our #mena13 panel on foreign policy? tweet at us with #weffp
our next session, investing in smes for employment, will be starting shortly. you can watch it here:
our #mena13 session on economies in transition in north africa and the middle east is starting now. tweet your questions with #weftransition
advancing growth and resilience in the mena region - miroslav dusek on forum:blog
thank you all who have been following this live tweet. #wefweb
europe finding same issues as mena region, re: education and employment - fonseca, portugal #wefweb
educated for what? unemployed college graduates are a great source of risk. #wefweb
a real thirst for representative government in the region. - whitson, human rights watch #wefweb
our global agenda outlook is launching in arabic today, covering topics including globalization and economic growth:
       2013     :
 
an open and informed world can be achieved by following the five principles listed on our forum:blog:
.@hiltonkhbtcc we look forward to being hosted - we shall see you on friday. #mena13 #wef
.@josettesheeran we wish you the best of luck in your new position at the @asiasociety.
markets in the middle east and north africa are predicted to average 3.7% growth. how will this benefit the region?

we want your questions for our a new vision for arab employment session next week at #mena13. #wefemployment
we want your questions on transitional economies in north africa and the middle east. what do you want answered? #mena13 #weftransition
do any of the figures illustrating facebooks presence in the middle east and north africa surprise you?
.@iieglobal thank you for your feedback.
food security is vital for economic growth and stability in the middle east and north africa. how would you ensure it? #wef #mena13
places like abu dhabi are making inroads into developing renewable energy. read more here:
"we don't want wild west capitalism without social protection" - @donaldkaberuka
jordan has been accepted into the gulf cooperation council. what do you think of this decision?
"80% of the food we eat in africa is by smallholder farmers - 80% of these are women." - jane karuku
do you think that maghreb countries would benefit from free trade zones?

the economist explains why saudia arabia is thinking of changing the timing of its weekend. read more here:
a huge thank you to all of our #af13 participants - our next forum will be held in jordan on the 24-26 may:
it is agriculture, not natural resources, that will continue to be africa's lifeline in the future.
#africafuture needs your questions - get involved with the closing plenary of #af13 and tweet us your questions.
we're accepting live questions for our upcoming #wefafricaoutlook session - remember to use the hashtag when sending in your responses.
#africa2063 is proving to be an excellent start to day 3 of #af13 - stream it live if you are not already here:
prepare yourself for tomorrows sessions with this programming schedule - what will you choose to stream?
now is your chance to have your #wefgovernance queries answered by our panel. send in your questions now for consideration. #af13
#wefagriculture's speakers want your questions on farming in africa - tweet now for a chance to see them answered live. #af13
africas appetite for social media is growing each day - see this infographic for more details:
"made in africa" is minutes away from starting at #af13 - stream the session live from cape town at
our africa competitiveness report is now available to read - read it in full before our first #af13 session here:
how can african countries start to reduce their dependency on aid? let us know what you think.

got a question on fragility and stability in african countries for #af13? we want to hear it.
@akinolalanre believes that africas tech success stories are just around the corner. do you agree?
is ghanas proposed hope city africas answer to silicon valley? let us know what you think.
with #af13 commencing next week, we need your questions on the african economic outlook. let us know what you think.
investment in african healthcare was just one of the topics of this years africa health forum. see more here:
find out who is behind the increased internet usage in south africa:
thanks to greater political stability, resource-rich africa stands a chance of being a world power. do you agree?
this infographic provides invaluable information on africas trading with china - take a look here:
the viability of an amazon silicon valley was debated on twitter and by @juanccas at #la13. see more here:
socially empowered women are africa's future, according to @indego_africa. read more here:
the analysis of the amazon's weather by @juanccas provoked reactions on all our social channels -  see more here:
do you think african countries like zambia are losing out on tax windfalls from the companies that operate there?
we want your questions on good governance best practices for an upcoming #af13 session in cape town.
can africas economies progress while problems like malaria remain? let us know what you think.
could african nations be relinquishing too much power to other countries in trade agreements? what do you think?
as peoples disposable income increases, fast food is the next frontier for african investors. read more here:

we want your questions on gender equality for our #af13 event. let us know your thoughts here.
we want to know what you think poses the greatest threat to african prosperity. have your say here:
a full list of the best #la13 quotes can be found on our forum blog. which one is your favourite?
a global youth bulge means jobs are hard to come by for latin america's young people. read more on our blog:
#integratinglatam is the next session available for streaming at #la13 - watch it live here:
@gaston_acurio is speaking live at #la13 now - stream #acurioinsight here:
do you think latin american governments must work to strike a balance between mining and agriculture?
#wefsocialinnovation is the final #wef session of the day. stream it live from #la13 here:
gender equality in latin american women is improving. read a full report on progress made via our blog:
do you think indigenous people should be able to decide what happens to the rainforest in which they live? let us know.
were hours away from the first of our #la13 sessions - this is one of your last chances to send in questions for oscar naranjo.
how should latin american countries safeguard their newfound prosperity? let us know what you think.
have a question on the amazon for this weeks #la13 event? let us know your responses.
@sabmillers graham mackay discusses latin american entrepreneurialism in the lead up to tomorrows #la13 forum.
with #la13 only days away, youth violence is our next topic. what would you ask oscar naranjo on the subject?
in the run-up to the world economic forum on africa, #af13, we want to find out where on the continent you'd invest your money. let us know.
what do you think of brazils recent military expenditure in the wake of decades of little overall investment?

want to know exactly where innovation is happening within latin america? take a look at the following infographic.

so paolo is an attractive city for foreign investment. do you think there are others which deserve attention?
argentinas economy is shrinking. what advice would you give the government to increase trade?

@andresvelasco claims there remain underlying divisions between latin american nations. how would you solve them?
#la13 host lima is at the forefront of perus impressive economic growth. is overconfidence its biggest issue?

our global information technology report is still available to download. digest it in full here:
who do you think will emerge as economic top dog in south america over the next decade? join the debate here:
@byndbdr you can tweet us a question for participants at our next event using the #la13 hashtag. find out more here:
we want your questions on climate change for our la13 participants - send them in with the hashtag #la13!
forum live interview with paul bulcke, ceo of nestl
join us for qanda - @cfigueres @kerrwef 12 april @ 14:00 gmt on the importance of innovative finance models to tackle climate change #m4c #wef
video: global information technology 2013 report
can social media crack india's corruption? - @sachintaparia on forum:blog
world economic forum strategic dialogue on the future of the south caucasus and central asia 2013
health week: beware the invisible killer - julie louise gerberding on forum:blog
taking care of the carers - @aijenpoo on forum:blog
the new delhi consensus - @shashitharoor on forum:blog
on a tweet and a prayer - christopher helland on forum:blog
video: world water day - upmanu lall on water management
reading: europes lost-and-found decade #forumblog #wef @b_eichengreen
how is religious leadership changing? @lindawoodhead on forum:blog
shaping cities for a better future - nathanael ming-yan wei on forum:blog
watch the young global leaders class of 2013 in action and meet 199 exceptional professionals
international women's day: closing the gender gap video
travel and tourism competitiveness report 2013: europe - switzerland ranked 1st. read report
report: energy vision 2013, energy transitions: past and future
use, not collection, should be focus of data rules, report says - @stevelohr on new york times bits
can biorefineries move us closer to a zero-waste society?
reading: resilience: winning with risk - #wefs lee howell on @pwc_uk
americas sequestered recovery - @lauradtyson on forum:blog
financial regulators global variety show - @howardjdavies on forum:blog 
top 10 emerging technologies: enhanced nutrition to drive health at the molecular level
cleaner water is a cleaner future but how can we make water purification greener? explore the top 10 emerging technologies...
are financial systems biased against clean investment? michael liebreich on forum:blog @mliebreich
hiring: senior knowledge manager network of global agenda councils team. #geneva-based
keeping calm on north korea - gareth evans on forum:blog
the economics of 2033 - barry eichengreen on the forum:blog
hiring: head of digital content. #geneva-based
hiring: senior community manager russia and cis. #geneva-based
a creative future for education - tim brown writes for the forum:blog
austerity in small places - daniel gros addresses austerity in small countries on the forum:blog
why is germany bringing home its gold? simon johnson, professor at mit, on the forum:blog
online we can act as a fifth estate - matt mullenweg on the forum:blog
watch the global economic outlook live, with @lagarde, jim yong kim
last day of davos, but its far from over  follow george soros, jim yong kim, @lagarde, huguette labelle
shame, people power and corruption - harvard's mohamed el dahshan on the forum:blog
how can we build a moral economy? - @robertgreenhill on the forum:blog
watch live, @timberners_lee on whats wrong with social networking, with @amonck
top ten quotes from day three at davos
press conference with hesham qandil, prime minister of #egypt live now
beware the economics of beggar-thy-neighbour - larry summers on the forum:blog
watch david cameron @number10gov give a special address at davos, starting 10.30am cet
surgical snake robots - watch this #ideas video about howard choset's invention
the textbooks of the future will be digital, personalised and available to all, says jose ferreira in this #ideas video
watch video for 3 different takes on russias future
growing spinach in a skyscraper - frans van houten discusses human innovation on the forum:blog
tech utopia or cybergeddon?  derek ohalloran writes for the forum:blog
how will capitalism be perceived in 2018? @pranjalsharma argues his case
kevin rudd and pascal lamy debate the future of globalization - global agenda outlook 2013 read it here
what are the issues leaders must address in 2013? the outlook on the global agenda 2013 has the answers
a global platform for global issues  ahead of the annual meeting 2013, klaus schwab discusses resilient dynamism
ideas @davos: decoding the brain  john donoghue explains the technology behind braingate
to feed 9bn by 2050, we will need to sustainably increase agricultural production. read new vision for agriculture
read more on resilient dynamism, main theme of
new models for ngos in the 21st century - open forum debate 23 january davos 2013
     # ? #wefask #wef
rt @wefrisk: bringing space down to earth
why no glass-steagall ii? barry eichengreen, professor economics ucla discusses on the forum:blog @b_eichengreen
war against obesity: fat invoice? tiffany misrahi, discusses the fastest growing chronic disease on the forum:blog
xfactors: the risks that bite back - tim appenzeller for the forum:blog
mega sporting events  in whose interest?
unemployed or unemployable - are there no jobs or do we not have the skills and qualifications needed to get jobs?
competitive economies, europe, rethinking capitalism, women leaders, future - the top forum:blog posts for 2012 #wef
dominic waughray analyses the economic risks of weather related impacts on the forum:blog @dwaughray
norway, the second largest gas exporter, tops the table in the global energy race  read more on the forum:blog
would the european union survive without the euro? read and leave your comment at
adapting rule of law to interconnection  sam muller discusses rule of law on the forum:blog  @mullersam
a new tool to help improve the global energy system
world anti-corruption day  read the entire anti-corruption blog series on the forum:blog
hiring: strategic partner manager, financial institutions for our partnership team, maternity cover. #geneva-based
hiring: senior project manager environmental initiatives. #geneva-based
hiring: senior community manager family and private company community for our membership team. #geneva-based
hiring: community associate middle east and north africa. #geneva-based
why we should fear the amazonian tipping point - carlos nobre and juan carlos castilla-rubio discuss on forum:blog
why should investors care about climate risk? manuel lewin explains on the forum:blog
world economic forum and un climate secretariat announce partnership to finance climate-friendly investment
ten things you need to know about the future of health
healthcare on the job. sean sullivan and shahnaz radjy discuss healthcare on the forum:blog
johanna ralston, ceo of world heart federation, discusses healthy living in cities on the forum:blog
global income disparities, a risky underestimated trend - maria doris dumlao for the forum:blog
facing the harsh economic realities of the arab summer
be part of the global agenda council experience  explore the interactive app
what keeps the best and brightest awake at night?
which #trends do business and political leaders predict for 2013? find out tomorrow in the global agenda survey #globalagenda #wef
thinking ahead on global trade governance
how has the international context changed and what impact will it have on global governance? send us your thoughts/questions #globalagenda
facing up to our global challenges
india 2012: the indian water challenge
india 2012: indias next breakthrough starts now
watch live closing plenary of the world economic forum on india 2012
can #india feed all its children? @jasmineatsc debates gov commitment to solving #health #nutrition woes
the case for advocacy - bringing health and education causes together: @sarahbrownuk at #wef #india
how can #india build a globally competitive manufacturing sector?
what if india and pakistan's youth increasingly fall prey to extremists?
how can women realize the potential of south asia?
will malalas heroism turn the tide for women and girls? @missmillennial

why has indias growth acceleration slowed down?
the financial development report 2012: hong kong sar maintains the top spot followed by the usa. find out more. 
is the fate of the korean peninsula in the hands of one woman?
unlocking the potential of gender parity
has switzerlands gender gap narrowed in 2012?
the 2012 gender gap report: india (105) is the lowest-ranked of the brics economies.
how can indians work together to ensure basic civic amenities are available to everyone? join the conversation at
balancing energy security and climate change
africas agenda for strengthening its food security
hiring: production assistant, communications team. #geneva-based
environmental sustainability and agriculture can go hand in hand.
closing americas jobs deficit
hiring: team coordinators, basic industries.#geneva-based
hiring: manager, strategic foresight . #geneva-based
the renminbi challenge
what if there was no more #space in space?
hiring: manager strategic foresightfor the world economic forum. #geneva-based
hiring: senior community manager south asia for our membership team. #geneva-based
hiring: senior community manager middle east and north africa for our global shapers team. #geneva-based
how can we measure and tackle the challenges affecting our oceans?
rt @wefrisk: what if we lose the use of antibiotics?
what if rich countries shut the door on immigration?
the hard truths about global growth - @amspence98 for the forum:blog -
should business partnerships be based on hope rather than fear? @bbsimons recaps #amnc 2012
participate in the biggest business event in asia, use #wefyouth to send questions about engaging youth for prosperity
join the discussion now: talent for the 21st century - use and follow #weftalent to send questions and participate
india and china: a tale of two asian growth poles
participate in the biggest business event in asia, use #wefhc to send questions on the "future of human capital"
#7billion people: a problem or an opportunity for new ideas on innovation?
can we apply the capitalist model to global issues such as hunger, health and water? @michaeleporter
the new global competitiveness report: competitiveness gap widening among european countries
global competitiveness report: who are the top most competitive nations in the world? be the 1st to read it
rt @yglvoices: #ygl @dskilling large countries can learn a lot from the growth strategies of small ones
are fossil fuels a thing of the past? @enphase on the forum:blog
human capital vs. information
is energy prepared for the future? sam laidlaw #wef
londons @globalshapers: harnessing the skills of generation y.
hiring: senior community manager south asiafor our membershipteam. #geneva-based
#compassion: the missing ingredient? karen armstrong for the forumblog #wef
#youth intl day and the global challenge of unemployment: 75 million young people still have no formal job -
replace profit with problem solving: social business - 0% loss and 100% employment. prof @yunus_centre #wef
what running a jazz band can teach you about leadership - @mca_at_wef for the forumblog
#gacs @pranjalsharma on india: political dialogue between india and pakistan needs to match pace of commercial talks
introducing vision 2030: a future world where ip systems are open for everyone. #wef #wefgac
hiring: senior community manager latin america andafrica, schwab foundation for social entrepreneurship #geneva-based
78 councils, 100s of challenges and opportunities. global agenda council annual reports published
more than 45 countries have committed to invest over us$ 3 billion to improve african agriculture
#wef colleague @josettesheeran makes #fpwomeratti list
the #friendsofrio ask #g20 to commit to putting the world on a path to sustainable development
can the #g20 address today's challenges? @robertgreenhill #m20 #wef 
unleash europes digital revolution to kick-start growth - @annmettler on the forum:blog #wef
augmented reality: how it will change your life @blairmacintyre
that wraps up our meeting in istanbul, thanks for following! highlights:
day 2 of #wef in istanbul - watch:
thank you for contributing to our brainstorm on youth unemployment. keep the conversation going with #wefask
turkey: a middle east role model? @faisaljabbas looks at the role turkey plays as a bridge between cultures
the quest for global happiness  luis alvarez searches on the forum:blog
report : cyber resillience against cyber threats
how the infrastructure underpinning the web is vulnerable to attack - rob wainwright, director of europol
take our poll on how to build resilience to #risk in east asia
#wef east asia starts may 30. send us your comments and questions using #wefask
can we get to zero poverty by 2030? east asia has led the way with figures dropping since 2005 @mcarthur #wef
what is the global enabling trade report 2012? learn more - forum:blog
rt @globalagdev commentary by lisa dreier "a shared agenda to grow africa"
follow us live from a symposium on agriculture and food security tomorrow - @wef, @globalagdev, #globalag  #wef watch -
looking at the three stages of data complexity: denial, engagement and embrace
day 2 for #wef africa ethiopia, join us: watch
@meleszenawi my "crazy" idea is that the greatest problem in rural africa is not money, it is organization. #wef
monhla hlahla - "an african farmer should not only grow coffee, but enjoy the coffee he grows". #wef
women are 40% of workers, 1% of global wealth. bineta diop @fasngo on how women can lead the way to a new #africa
this week's podcast: shaping africa's transformation with #wef head of africa @eskanza
ethiopian entrepreneur @solerebels asks "can entrepreneurs transform africa's brand?"
new rethinking financial innovation report published today with @oliverwyman #wef
japan's energy challenge: from sustainability to survivability #wef new energy architecture report
wrapping up #wef latam in mexico. thanks tweeps for tuning in! photos:
leaders respond to your questions #wef latin america 2012 ask a leader project watch
how can we transform latin america to be a global player? what do you think? share your thoughts #wef ^gp
population expert dr kalache exploresconsequences of failing to adjust to an ageing demographic
watch @livestream #wef global information technology report 2012 launch/press conference tmrw 16.00cest(10.00est) rsvp
save the date: global information technology report 2012 - living in a hyperconnected world. launch 4 april 11.00 edt^gp
what if we went back to the year 2000? @theneweconomics on #forumblog #whatif @wefrisk
what if the unemployment time bomb explodes? @wefrisk on why it might happen and who will suffer @ilonews
role of government in adopting mobile financial services #wef report launched today. read it here:
save the date: first ever #wef analysis of china's globalizers launched 14.00cst tuesday. full report, videos, summaries & more tmrw. ^gp
celebrating international women's day #wef podcast
ygl robyn scott captures the attention
market to bring women & girls together @oneleap
#forumblog @yglvoices
how to make green growth a reality
women, water & an ugly global crisis - imagine you are a young woman in an urban slum
kenneth rogoff explains why energy prices have remained stable during the second great contraction
looking for trust in all the wrong places
the top 10 emerging technologies for 2012
the five bad habits of healthcare
hiring: project manager new vision for agriculture initiative on our consumer industry community. #geneva-based
hiring: community manager south asia responsible for building relationships within the region. #geneva-based
reading: world economic forum: more than meets the eye- @zephoria
now live #wef
last day at the #wef in #davos watch the sessions live from 9.30am gmt
mashable's pete cashmore@mashable thinks companies need to sound like human beings #wef
have your tweet #wef: how immune is india to the global crisis? w/ @b_eichengreen @joseameadek @vikramchandra @ndtv
the wall of tweets is abuzz during the #wefpundits session
good morning snowy davos. day 4 #wef watch it live from 8gmt
now live #wef in #davos: europe's economic outlook - mario draghi, president of @ecb_europa_eu
the @walloftweets is abuzz #wef
@emikolawole i am sitting next to you... ;) #4mygen
watch @libbyleffler interview @ariannahuff about the european economic crisis on @facebooklive
live now#davos: your questions to@worldbank pres zoellick on @facebooklive
tune into #wef live now: press conference with @billgates and simon bland @globalfundnews
end of day 1 #wef in #davos pictures
live now: opening of the 42nd #wef annual meeting #davos with german chancellor angela merkel (@regsprecher)
@tiagodf german chancellor will open the #wef today at 17.00 cet (4pm gmt) ^ml
live now: world economic brainstorming: business, governance and leadership #wefbrainstorm
watch robert @scobleizer chatting to @charlesporch on davos live on facebook
good morning davos! #wef starts under 2m of snow. follow the debates live
infosys' ceo explains how traditional models have limited opportunity in modern business world onforum:blog
where is business failing? your answers will feed into the #wefbrainstorm rsvp 
which vision of social media will prevail in the next three years? - vote in our davos question
reading: davos guide: what you need to know about the world economic forum - larry elliott @guardian
a personal call to action from eleven heads of top global organizations. comment, react, respond #wef
watch: @vineetnayar ceo of @hcltech on why he is attending #wef annual meeting 2012 next week
tune in today. live press conference about the upcoming #wef in #davos at 11am cet (5am est) rsvp
more with less: scaling sustainable consumption launch. read:
what if antibiotics stopped working?
reading:@wefrisk have we sown the seeds of dystopia?
global risks 2012 report published here
watch: @aetna ceo mark bertolini looks ahead to #wef annual meeting davos 25 to 29 january
watch: ceo @hsiitweets kevin kelly on the next generation of talent and the #wef annual meeting 2012
reading: davos: the key people aiming to pull the eurozone back from the brink - @larmitstead in @telegraph
how does @amonck sleep at night? making senseof davos #wef
watch: pwc intl chairman dennis nally's outlook for the year ahead and why he is coming to #wef annual meeting 2012
#ff follow the final of the @spenglercup this saturday @hcdavos vs @dinamoriga live from #davos ^ml
the #ows movement is going to gain momentum because of the inequality issue - arif naqvi, abraaj capital
watch: annual meeting 2012 co-chair yasuchika hasegawa countdown to davos "inspiring action for the year to come"
a sneak preview of the davos programme. the great transformation: shaping new models
tackling hunger & malnutrition
in one mouthful  using science to improve food & its production. #wef
ideaslab
reading: hong kong 'most developed' financial market, says #wef - @bbcnews
the durban deal: time for private sector leadership? what happened at cop17? #forumblog @un_climatetalks 
always get sick on the plane? nanoparticles to kill resistant
bacteria in the air-conditioning. #wef @uniofoxford
defining girl power for the millennials - from spice girls to the white house #wef forumblog
how do we tackle globalized crime? #wef
new eu initiative aims to boost social entrepreneurship
sushant palakurthi rao asks if india can be an emerging model for democratic capitalism #wef
india's youth will re-invent success - ben @verwaayen @alcatel_lucent on the forumblog
reading: @reuters live from india economic summit
one global shaper, many great ideas #wef india introducing the bangalore hub
is india really interested in sustainability? @verwaayen of @alcatel_lucenttriggers some thinking  #wef india blog
triangulated networking because networking in pairs is easy @brij_planetread @schwabfound #wef forum blog
google+ pages are here. put the forum into your circles
agreed @csracademyme - without teachers there are indeed no managers
see the evolution of the #wef gender gap index over the past 6 years in google's data explorer
what would you ask a world leader? put your questions to participants at the india economic summit - 
good driving for a safe middle east - @rsicafilm jordan students view on road awareness #wef forum blog
olivier campenon of bt shares his reflections from the #wef special meeting in jordan on the forum blog -
well
be live tweeting on @wef from the last day of the #wef special meeting or you can sessions watch live -
we're live tweeting our plenary sessions from jordan on @wef. or follow thoughts from the room on
risk is just a board game - @moelhaw, a @globalshaper, writes for the forum blog
join the conversation from the dead sea
looking for the bigger picture - @shadihamid writes for the forum blog ahead of the #wef meeting in #jordan 
reading: a trip to the world economic forum - @juliahobsbawm
trends in brain drain illustrate dramatic shifts in attractiveness, economic prospects of countries
pictures from the #wef summit on the global agenda 2011 in #abu dhabi
participants at #wef in #abu dhabi share their views on the emerging new models and new ideas
managing risk and coconut
uncertainty. #wef ideaslab
the next few days will certainly be stimulating@jmannersbell about the #wef in #abu dhabi
congratulations to ellen johnson sirleaf, president of liberia and co-recipient of the 2011 nobel peace prize
help us develop the sustainable competitiveness index. all feedback welcome
the implications of chinese globalization for the logistics industry - @jmannersbell on the forum blog
sarita nayyar looks back on wellness week on the forum blog -
so what do i take away from dalian 2011? @sebfriends writes for #wef forum blog
join us in celebrating wellness week - mirta roses periago of @pahowho writes for the forum blog
thanks for following our tweets #wef in china. thks to #dalian tweeps @antoniohuman @pekingorder @pilcherg @toj22. see you in tianjin 2012
quality growth is not just about profits but human
happiness and health @jenergy

#wef dalian ^gp
as technology marches forward we must keep in touch with
what people on the street care about @eastdakota #wef dalian
google has made information freely available it may be uncomfortable @virushunter #wef dalian
tweets from @uncultured @lbjim @czaymn during closing of #wef china
@doreenl sums up her 'summer davos' on forum blog #wef dalian
the facebook effect on leadership @luciant blogs from #wef dalian
why are entrepreneurs so important? @cp_gurnani @mahindra_satyam shares his thoughts from #wef dalian
dalian day one: pics
participate in the #wef annual meeting of the new champions in dalian, china online
calling all global growth companies - tim brown @tceb62 about the #wef 'summer davos' in china
providing sustainable, self-determined safe water and sanitation to all - #wef ideaslab safe water for all
the rise in connectivity across asia - @gcolony presents key stats on the forum blog
follow the tweeps attending the #wef 'summer davos' in china next week
summer davos solutions - @melyoung53 looks forward to the #wef in china
my dream is for a smoke free summer davos - @bjartereve
cool @google animated scatter plot of the global competitive index over the past 7 years
who will lead the #wef global competitiveness report 2011-2012? find out tomorrow at 9am cest
demography is destiny- how can we address the impending population crisis? @robertgreenhill on the #wef blog -
reading: cloudflare, dropbox, palantir and kickstarter named technology pioneers
beijing blogger wins summer davos debates. ming gao heading to #wef dalian.
isabella aboderin of @uniofoxford writes about the nexus of population ageing and growth on the forum blog
the world economic forum on latin america 2012 will take place in puerto vallarta, mexico @weflatam
historic pic of the day: 1989 imf md camdessus lays down a programme of deficit reduction in the us #wef
historic pic of the day: singapore pm lee kuan yew at the #wef in davos in 1990
save the date. the #wef global competitiveness report 2011-2012 will be released on september 7
historic pic of the day: 1991 integrating the soviet union and its former republics into the world community #davos
rt @schwabfound "there is no better time 
to focus on social entrepreneurship than now" by a.noble
redesigning risk response:
david t ellwood asks why do we still fail to predict risk? #wef ideaslab: public policy
historic pic of the day: 1988 war averted. greece and turkey shake on davos declaration
historic pic of the day: 1986 the forum ahead of its time - the first davos emails
historic pic of the day: 1987 the european management forum changes its
name to the world economic forum
watching: calvin chin getting the globe online & giving chinese students a voice: #wef ideaslab: digital inclusion:
@jensstoltenberg glad you are ok. our thoughts and prayers are with you and the norwegian people. ^ml
how can social media help africans? #wef ideaslab
do you think we have reached data overload? adam bly at 17.00 cest on data visualization 
#wef launches ideaslab hub: a platform for ideas, solution, strategies and change
historic pic of the day: 1975 davos goes global, 860 participants attend the 5th european management symposium
reading: the social media revolution - @vjayeswaran in sri lanka's daily ft #wef
historic pic of the day: klaus schwab welcomes participants to the inaugural european management symposium in 1971
see how improving education systems can mitigate a global crisis in the #wef council on education systems report
how can the internet be strengthened against attack? find out in the #wef council on internet security report at
read about the first ever global ocean health index by the #wef council on ocean governance at
we discovered we can do anything - soraya salti @injazorg
reading: after the flood... what happens next? interview with @kswef in @bigthink
^ntsave the date: the #wef annual meeting of new championsin dalian, china 14-16 sep 2011. theme: mastering quality growth.
hiring: community manager asia - responsible for the global shapers community in asia. geneva-based
rt great opportunity with @yglvoices: cool job opening @ #wef:
reading: social media governments: iceland, nigeria, rwanda & south africa - @memeburn
news on #wef on east asia: asia needs sense of urgency to meet millennium anti-poverty goals
new from #wef on east asia: bottlenecks threaten asias infrastructure spending
news from #wef on east asia: in east asia, concerns about the world's response to global risk
thanks for participating in ask a leader. participants to respond @ #wef east asia
@pierrecohade  hey pierre. great to hear you will be in attending. stop by the social media corner and answer an ask a leader question ^nt
food security, green blueprint, job creation & new globalism are a few topics @ the #wef east asia. watch sessions live
stay tuned. the world economic forum on east asia will be held june 12-13 in #jakarta #indonesia
europe's innovation opportunity - @adambly guest blogs on forumblog.org
reading: conference looks for lessons from upheaval - @nytimes
now live from #wef in #vienna the new energy architecture
live #wef in #vienna stress tests for europe. @livestream
innovation is a necessity - luis alvarez satorre, bt guest blogs on the forumblog
good morning #vienna. follow the #wef live from 7gmt:
agree or disagree? europe's response to the arab spring has been lacking in ambition, imagination and generosity. poll
we have to widen our horizon to central asia - vice-chancellor spindelegger @minoritenplatz8 on #wef in #vienna
questions about #wef in #vienna? press conference about the upcoming #wef on @livestream today at 11.00cest (9am gmt)
when you put pressure on a man, you never know what he will turn into.  it's exciting to find out though.
the losers in life think they have all the answers. they cant learn because theyre too busy telling everyone what they know.
a friendly competition at gobankingrates:  go to
how to legally protect your income and keep more money

for my blog, click
don't get caught being too old when's it's too late. do something now about your financial future.
who's your accountant, legal adviser, and subject matter expert?  if you are wearing multiple hats, your potential is being limited.
think of something new youve actually learned in the past week; if you cant think of anything, get comfortable where youre at.
investing and business aren't for the meek and weak-hearted. if you love a challenge, there's none better. added bonus is financial freedom.
smart investors look at every deal from different angles. that allows the entrepreneur to find several possible answers to one question.
ask a financial adviser some pointed, educated questions (even just their personal opinion) and watch them squirm.
"gotta have money to make money" is a lame excuse. not only that but it's wrong. if your investment or business makes sense, money finds you
happy veterans day!  thank you for your service. a good day to reflect on your freedoms. a good day to take full advantage of those freedoms
today is the day to get started, not tomorrow.  

action breeds confidence and results.

(partially taken from dale carnegie.)
my team just released an all-new edition of rich dad poor dad.
i just saw the most ridiculous definition of an asset. 

kiss. an asset is something that puts money in your pocket whether you work or not.
we're releasing a new app featuring #richdadpoordad.  to get the latest, follow @rdinteractive for the most up-to-date info.
most #dreams take a lot of hard work, commitment and training.  if yours doesn't, you're not dreaming big enough.
if youre feeling like life isnt fair, and if youre blaming others for your problems, i want to encourage you to change your mindset.
when your business #team is strong on the inside, they can weather any storm from the outside.
the losers in life cant grow because theyre too busy telling everyone else what their shortcomings are.
leadership doesnt make you, the individual, better. leadership makes the group better.
our director for the #openyoureyes(
in business, and in life, its better to be real than full of crap.
the strength of #character and emotional intelligence to face your failures and learn from them are at the core of #success.
the longer you actively #invest the smarter you become.  the smarter you become the more #wealth you can attain.
stop being who you are and start being who you should be.
there is nothing more dangerous than a person with only one right answer.
philosophy is the search, the study, and the love of new wisdom.

#alwaysbelearning
it takes a true man to know that he doesn't know everything.
success requires knowledge and lots of courage.  #brave #success
remove the things and people in your life that distract you from your dreams.  #focus is #power
it takes little effort to build someone up; you reap what you sow. invest time in your employees and partners and your #business will thrive
giving honest and well-intended feedback is often confused with being mean. its not mean; its nice.
the moment you believe your own crap and #excuses, you #fail.
ask yourself whos holding you back from accomplishing your #dreams.  i'll give you the answer, you. now ask yourself why.
to become #wealthy, you must be willing to do what others are not.
whenever you find a struggling #business, a bad #marriage, or an #investment gone bad, you will find a bad partner.
rt @kimkiyosaki: "even the simplest #dreams are a fantasy unless you take that first step." no point in dreaming if you won't do anything.
before you can transform your wallet from #poor to rich, you've got to transform your spirit from poor to #rich.
the flashier the sales brochure, the more caution needed. as with other facets of life, its often what is not said that is most important
i dont normally post other peoples quotes but this one stood out to me: 

"winning means being unafraid to lose."- fran tarkenton
@gerrit_vh, if it's about getting tickets, kim has a sweepstakes going on her fb page for two pairs of tickets.  check it out.
on my morning #jog in different neighborhood, i noticed influx in flippers and owner remodels. real recovery or false hope?#researchb4action
be #careful from whos eyes you see the #world through.
one of the greatest educations you learn as you grow up is that most people around you wont help you. you are responsible for you.
if you want to be a #rich person, or become a richer person, dont let the #poor person inside of you do your talking.
be willfully ignorant. you have a dream; pursue it with passion.
dont be most people. for most #people, money is in control of their emotions and their souls.
afraid of change?  prepare to #fail.
yes, there is some #risk involved w #investing and it can b scary. but, if u dont take ctrl now, u will b at the same place u r now, or worse
i dont want the government taking care of me. ive never felt entitled to anything; being dependent on #government is old-school thinking.
you do not invest with money! you #invest with your mind!
your purpose or mission for your #business needs to be about more than making #money. it is a part of you. it must be engrained in you.
bankers and tax breaks do not make real estate a great #investment.  you do.
the key to life is to be #happy with or without money.  #money only magnifies who you really are.
the longer you actively #invest the smarter you become; the smarter you become the richer you get.
one of the reasons people aren't rich is because almost everyone has more #excuses than money.
lack of character makes one lie, cheat and steal.
investor and #entrepreneur are not nouns, they are verbs.
stupidity is not a crime; it can make you smart.
safe is boring  and #dangerous.
relationships (#marriage, #business, etc) break up when they are too comfortable.
the job of a leader is to make his #team members better.
#intelligence is choosing the stress.
being reasonable is the most #destructive thing there is; it keeps your thinking inside-the-box and #uncreative.
you can't be a #teacher if you are not a learner.
when your words are heard and then put into action, then you are a #leader. until then, continue to improve yourself
comfort is #seductive. don't get seduced so easily.
dont make promises you can't keep, especially when youre raising #money; have the right team to fulfill your promises.  #irritating
excessive #fear and self-doubt are the greatest detractors of personal #genius.
@caseygraham that's great to hear.
a true #business only exists to solve a problem in the world and to make #life better. ask yourself, "what problem do you want to solve?"
there are two kinds of #money problems, not enough money and too much money; i know which problem i prefer.
rt @kimkiyosaki "mistakes are not blockades; they are the future's guidelines - #listen and #learn from them."  one smart woman.
are you creating a small business or a big #business?  i dig into that topic in my latest blog
meeting with our teams at rich dad.  weekly #reminder of how much i don't know and how important your #teams are.
when you dont #learn from mistakes, you make them again. ive had to learn the same lesson numerous times; each time was more #painful.
the rich buy luxuries last while the poor and middle-class tend to buy them first.
#failure inspires winners but defeats losers.
when you know youre right, youre not afraid of fighting back. #striveon
@therealkiyosaki, #frustrating to see people sell themselves short
@ishmaelmareko, i wouldn't say it if i didn't believe it.
new record high for the dow at 15,215. first the tech bubble then the real estate bubble...now, can you say #bernankebubble ?
people struggle financially because they cannot control their fear of failure.  if you have the right perspective, #failurebreedsfreedom
what you do in your spare time defines your level of success. it's late on a sunday night and i'm looking at deals. what're you doing?
just met a guy who said he'd never made a mistake investing; he stared at me when i said he's not trying hard enough #failurebreedsfreedom
you win some, you learn some. #failurebreedsfreedom
when were passionate about something, we innovate, create, and continue on with our dreams.
when you put pressure on a man, you never know what he will turn into.  it's exciting to find out though.
always be learning.
giving a poor person money keeps them poorer longeroften forever; give them knowledge instead.
it is insanity to say, "work hard," when the harder you work, the more you pay in taxes.
i don't want a paycheck. i don't need a paycheck; there's a reason for that.
think of something new youve actually learned in the past week; if you cant think of anything, get comfortable where youre at because...
tax season has come and gone for those of us in the u.s. what was your effective tax rate?  what steps are you taking now to lower it for...
many people believe that its money that makes you rich.  the reality is that money can, and often does, make people poor.  its your...
it is insane to tell your child, go to school and get a job.  insane.
transform your thoughts on money; transform your life.
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite radio channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the shows are also available the following...
technology is changing at lightning speed; you must change faster.
it's about getting to the top, not working for those at the top.
once upon a time, the u.s. dollar was as good as gold.  today this is a fairy tale.
our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by the #bostonmarathon bombings. may the cowards responsible be brought to justice.
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite radio channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the shows are also available the following...
your child will face a much different world than the world we live in today.  the problems will be enormous, but so will the financial...
your child will face a much different world than the world we live in today.  the problems will be enormous, but so will the financial...
for many, a student loan will be the proverbial albatross around their neck for life.
student loans are the worst form of debt because they can never be forgiven or discharged.  to make it worse, a college degree doesn't...
once upon a time, all a child had to do was focus on two types of education. they were academic and professional education.  what was...
please "like" or "share" if you believe we can always do more....
please "like" or "share" if you agree.
join me live as i interview with arthur kade in 1 minute. join us here:
stop being who and where you are and start being who you should be.
if you don't learn something when you win, you lose.
broke is temporary; poor is eternal.
if you want to be rich, do not allow yourself the luxury of excuses.
if you are surrounded by yes-people or butt-kissers, your investing and business are in very big trouble.
difference between a promise and a vow, a vow is made to god.
bloggers, we need your help!
robert has written the most important book of his life and he would like your help getting the message out...
you find out who a person is by placing them under pressure
bloggers, we need your help!
robert has written the most important book of his life and he would like your help getting the message out...
small thoughts are not yours. separate them and identify where they came from so you can banish them.
by growing my ethics, i have grown the level and quality of the people around me.
if you expect the government to solve your problems, you have a problem. the problem is that the governments of the world are broke.
my coach gave me this simple truth: it does not take any more effort to dream big than it does to dream small. rich dad coaching link:...
with higher taxes and sequestration now taking effect, americans are about to receive their first dose of austerity in many years....
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the shows are also available wednesday on our...
many entrepreneurs make a big mistake by asking for advice from a successful employee, rather than from a successful entrepreneur.
parents must teach their children about values and about money. where else can they learn such life forming influences?
retarget your money. when your money comes in, you need to have already targeted where you are going to invest or doodad temptation will...
a woman is literally what she thinks. she is the sum of all her thoughts. we must be careful what thoughts we hold on to and who we let...
be careful, experts are often educated by books, but not educated through experience.
we are in the world of the invisible. you cant see change and the world is changing.
true education makes you fill stupid. it makes you realize you have so much more to learn.
im glad youre reading this. it means youre not one of those who are too lazy, too scared, too comfortable, or are basking in the lure...
"it's not what you say, it's how you say it." i don't condone mincing words or dancing around issues, but always show respect.
common diversification is a bad idea. warren buffett says, diversification is a protection against ignorance. mark cuban, said,...
in the world of money and investing, you must learn to control your emotions. high emotions equal low intelligence.
most people put money in their piggy bank. i buy a goose that lays golden eggs over and over again. thats what an asset is.
when youre hiring an employee. dont think of it as giving money away.  think of it as buying time for yourself.
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the shows are also available wednesday on our...
most small businesses failed because the owner was under skilled, not under capitalized.
escape your situation through your mind and your actions.
money cant buy financial happiness only knowledge can.
dont look to money for happiness. money provides luxury and opportunity, but if you dont need those for happiness, then money wont help.
ive noticed that those who work for money become money hungry, especially in a financial crisis.
i am a trillionaire... i have a zimbabwe trillion-dollar bill. if we dont protect our dollar, well all be trillionaires, but it wont...
my rich dad suggested that i learn to sell, invest in real estate, and learn technical analysis to become rich.
life is found in chaos. through chaos comes genius.
dreams demand risk.
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the shows are also available wednesday on our...
investments are not inherently smart or dumb. a smart investor make an investment smart.
my rich dad did not teach me a specific subject. instead, he taught me how to learn and what to learn.
you will make some mistakes, but if you learn from those mistakes, those mistakes will become wisdom and wisdom is essential to becoming...
robert needs your help! cast your vote right now for robert as he defends his "title" as #1 personal finance expert for 2012!...
my advisor garrett is now on twitter! follow him at:
if you are scared to look at your numbers, its time to stop thinking negatively and change your attitude about numbers right now......
investing is like driving a car.  if you have no drivers education or driving  experience, driving a car is very, very risky.  get educated.
if you do not have knowledge, if you do not seek wisdom, then you have no chance in anything.
cast your vote... robert defends his "title" (#1 personal finance expert for 2011)
with
i found this on
evaluate your fears and then take action.
people who work hard are also some of the laziest people i know.
cast your vote... robert needs your help as he defends his "title" (#1 personal finance expert for 2011) with
to become greater one must give more.
as an entrepreneur, there's so much more we can do for this world.
its time to invest in rental property in america
sign up now for the free live webinar monday night! our team will be presenting.
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
it takes so little extra effort to build someone up and show respect.
be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. if you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough. -...
"failure is simply the opportunity to begin again. -this time more intelligently." ~henry ford
the best deals are good for everyone involved. remember that you could be  laying the groundwork for future deals so the emphasis should...
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
dont place your faith in the elections. place your faith in yourself.
who is helping you reach your goals of financial freedom?
the problem with a job is that relying on others to give you a living is the biggest risk of all.
keep expenses low, reduce your liabilities, and diligently build a base of solid assets.
you want to get good advice that will help you get answers and make good choices. to do this, here are
the avoidance of money is just as psychotic as being attached to money.
in a tough economy, predatory lawsuits rise as a way to make money. protecting your assets today is more vital than ever. - my asset...
you are not going to reach financial freedom with negativity!
its important that you learn to be an entrepreneur or an investor . . . . not a saver!
what's your business? by robert kiyosaki. do you rely on your job for income or your investments?
capitalize on the new economy. watch my expert rich dad coaches share strategies to capitalize on the "new economy" free with special...
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
blaming makes you lame
free gift! the best-selling sequel to rich dad poor dad is now a free gift to you. share with your friends. download now as this is a...
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
its another day of work as a capitalist where lessons are learned daily. in desperate times, if you have money, people will come after...
a friend sent this too me. how many people must feel this way because they are working on their job instead of working on themselves?...
successful people ask questions. they seek new teachers. theyre always learning.
the richest people in the world look for and build networks, everyone else looks for work.
online exclusive update #123 - why die today?
with economic uncertainty comes an increase in bartering. there are currently many bartering and exchanging outlets.
you need to be brave enough to know you don't know everything, ignore what needs to be ignored, and have the tenacity to push forward...
you need to have the courage to fail.
do you have these three traits for business success?
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
the opposite of a saver is an investor. dont be a saver, learn to be an investor
the opposite of a saver is an investor. dont be a saver, learn to be an investor
when you think you are smart you get arrogant. never stop learning.
the key is to use your extra money to make more extra money. that's the financially intelligent thing to do. it's also the rich dad...
one of life's strongest realities...
my dad's greatest gift was not setting expectations on me that he had for himself.
lets pretend that the federal reserve and government figures are the numbers of a familys annual household budget and see how that...
one's environment is stronger than will.
weve turned our board game ($195 price) into a free web game. its a great way to learn and share with your friends. enjoy your...
you cannot be free until you break your addiction to money.
hoping drains your energy. action creates energy.
the advanced learning institute, says every person has a genius. the crime is that school shuts down genius. parents... everyone......
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
when you create wealth, its your responsibility to return it to  society.
the problem with this world is not enough problem solvers. so, if you become a problem solver you become rich.
there were a lot of questions about starting businesses this week. to start you need a team, a mission and a leader. you do not have to...
join me on this week's show as i explain that the 401k is the biggest cash heist, biggest bank robbery i have ever seen, and that bank...
buy all the toys and the best of everything! live life to the fullest! but, do it with money from your passive income, not money from...
don't sacrifice your spirit for wealth. grow your wealth by first growing your spirit
post a question for me and ill pick one to answer wednesday.
these difficult times you may be suffering from are really the teaching times youll be grateful for once successful.
an intelligent person is the dumbest person on the team he is leading.
broke can be temporary but with a poor mindset it is eternal
money may not be everything, but it is important. integrity, on the other hand, is everything.
most dreams take a lot of hard work, commitment and training. people will ridicule your dream and try to make you want to quit, but...
3 things that stop success: bad past; bad partners; and friends who don't value education.
see work for what you will learn, more than what you will earn.
for each liability you have, such as a car loan or a mortgage, youre the employee of the bank you received the loan from.
in order to build a winning team, it helps to start with great players!  learn how to attract champions to your team in this best selling...
a coach is not your friend. he/she is a teacher, a motivator and an experienced investor guiding you through your goals and the rich...
integrity is the one thing that should be too big to fail.
there isn't right and wrong, there is two sides to the coin, but rich dad exists on only one side of the coin, the business and investor...
if youve married an idiot you are both in trouble. take financial education together and leave being an idiot in the past.
old-school teaching says to save money as money becomes worth less and less. old-school thinking is making multitudes of people poor.
your government is going bankrupt. you can  stick your head in the sand or use this as motivation to get knowledge and start investing.
if you want to predict a persons financial future, you have to look no further than the expense column. are they buying liabilities or...
here are my rich dad coaches:
if you want to be rich, learning to control your subconscious mind before thinking and making decisions is vital.
each dollar in my asset column is a great employee, working hard to make more employees and to buy the boss (me) a new ferrari.
i'm about to interview with laura ingraham about family and money. i do not know if we'll agree. should be interesting. if you'd like...
more money doesnt solve problems. most people, given more money, only get into more debt.
if you think others are the problem youll have to change them. if you realize that you are the problem then you can change yourself.
watch what the idiots are doing, and do the opposite.
motivation is why you pay yourself before your bills. who will complain the loudest if not paid-you or your creditors... thats motivation
don't bury your failures, let them inspire you.
"winning means being unafraid to lose."- fran tarkenton
when young, seek work based on what you will learn, not earn.
choose your thoughts. dont react to emotion.
fear and desire can lead you into lifes biggest trap if you are not aware of them controlling your thinking.
the avoidance of money is just as psychotic as being attached to money.
my poor dad said, "you need to know a lot about one specialty." my rich dad said, "you need to learn a little about a lot of things.
if an opportunity is too complex and i do not understand the investment, i don't do it
my poor dad would say, "you can't do that here." my rich dad would say, "i don't know how to do that here-yet."
learn to take risks, be bold, and let your genius convert your fear into power and brilliance.
my poor dad often said, id rather be happy than rich. my rich dad said, why not be both?
great opportunities are not seen with your eyes. they are seen with your mind.
if you play the blame game, its hard to win at life.
luck is created, just as money is.
the problem with "secure" investments is that they are often made so safe that the gains are minimum.
if you want to be rich, you must have a financial education and control over your money and your investments.
to fail harder means to try harder.
your mind ultimately is your greatest asset.  so be very careful of what kind of advice you put in it and who gives you that advice.
as long as government prints money it has less and less value. thats why saving money is the key to poverty.
do not live below your means. but do not be one of those people who look good but go nowhere. use cash flow to buy your toys.
passion is the beginning of success.
do anything of worth in this world, it means you'll fail. and do anything big in this world, it means you'll fail big.
savers are losers because interest rates are lower than inflation
information alone will not get you to your dreams and life goals. it takes more than that. it takes transformation.
in the information age, its the fast that eat the slow. in order to survive, you must be able to think and adapt at the speed of...
hoping gets you nothing in life. if you want more in life its your job to earn it.
a lot of people do not invest in business... they invest in busy-ness (they purchase a job).
when you make a mistake its a blessing... but you better correct quickly.
dont waste a good mistake... learn from it.
a major obstacle to raising money has just been removed. now anyone can be an investor now, not just the rich. read more:...
you can demand, force and push people as long as they know you care about them.
when you enrich lives, you become rich.
you want money to be free? it takes freedom to get money. freeing your mind brings real money.
always be asking, who am i? and stay true to yourself, not others expectations.
by pursuing the things you love, all the other things in life will fall into order.
the losers in life think they have all the answers. they cant learn because theyre too busy telling everyone what they know.
my poor dad said, i cant afford it. my rich dad said, never say those words. they kill your spirit.
my poor dad said, money doesnt make you happy. my rich dad said, why not spend a little time being thankful for the money you do have..
please click "share" if you agree
my poor dad said, i cant afford it. my rich dad asked, how can i afford it?
often listening and silence are powerful and the more you talk the more power you lose.
negative feedback is good. its often more valuable than the positive feedback.
the winner is the one who can fit best with his/her environment.
when you add value to the world, money follows.
you have a choice. you can be greedy or generous. neither is right or wrong.
drama is part of life. drama has its place, but its place is not within a team.
when you raise capital, always under promise and over deliver.
if you dont have a team of advisors... you are screwed.
when you dont care about money is when you make it. its when you care about something greater that money comes in.
are you increasing your financial literacy? read my new blog post at
education means to draw out your genius. schools try to shove information in. it never works.
will you use these free, financial education tools this weekend,

investing is like driving a car.  if you have no education or experience, it is very, very risky.
you can join my advisor, blair singer, tomorrow at 1pm pt/4pm et for his twitter chat. to join blair go to
what you don't know, god will send you the problem to teach you the lesson
the hedge against inflation is  debt (real estate), oil gold and silver.
if your mind is too strong, it can destroy your soul.
the moment you believe your own crap, you fail.
the mindset that caused the problem cannot be the solution.
i am my own problem. that's why if i'm not growing, i'm dying.
shannon: we've just posted kim's latest blog,"the quitter generation?"


shannon: we've just posted richard duncan's latest blog, "economic forecasting, 101". you can read at:
"the only thing that interferes with my learning is my education." albert einstein
there are times when you have to shed your past. your past view of yourself and your past friends. youll replace both with better.
did you see our presentation on a delta or virgin american flight recently? what did you think?
there are only two things you can invest. they are time and money.
knowing you need to make a change isnt enough. youve got to find the guts to do it.
giving honest and well-intended feedback is often confused with being mean. its not mean. its nice.
shannon: we just posted kim's newest blog, "you are smarter than this!"
shannon: robert's latest blog is now available. read "theres no such thing as free money" at:
if you want to be rich, think big think differently.
intention is for achievers. hope is for the hopeless.
if they dont feel like youve punched them in the gut, then they did not hear your truth.
when you are young, work to learn, not to earn.
every three seconds another american is sued. this is why it is prudent to protect your assets ahead of time. - sutton law center
you cannot be all things to all people. dont be afraid to make people mad. your honesty will inspire your true followers.
everyone makes mistakes. do not try to place blame, instead control your emotions and focus on the lesson.
in life, we don't get to choose our family. but in business, you have the fortunate option to choose with whom you will be in relationship.
in school you cant choose your teachers.in real life you can.throw out the negative people & find yourself the best mentor/coach out there.
when times are tough, we get our energy from our spirit. we must remember, in all our struggles, to feed our spirit as well as our bodies.
rich dad often said, when you steal or lose some ones money, you take a part of their life.
when you lead, you create the mission, build the team and lead team. the team does the rest.
investing is less risky than being an employee.skilled investors are in control of their investments;employees are controlled by their boss.
when building a brand, the more you care about your customer, the better chance you have of your business becoming a true brand.
leading is when, you create the mission, build the team and lead team. get out of the way and let the team do the rest.
mistakes are not blockades, they are the futures guidelines. listen and learn from them. - kim kiyosaki
character and failure are what it takes for success, not grades.
just to make money is not a strong enough mission. the mission of a business should be to fill the customers need.
it's not about saving greece, the politicians are really are saving the banks.
happy thanksgiving. giving thanks for your family, talents and gifts shouldnt be limited to one day. lets agree to give thanks everyday.
the heros of our past stuck to their personal code even more when times got tough. great leaders find their code and fold firmly to it
check out this great video my team made for the rich dad. if you like, please share with others:
the education system is dysfunctional and producing people who are unable to function in todays world, thus protesters all over the world.
rich dad often said, when you steal or lose some ones money, you take a part of their life.
vision, without the emotional strength to focus only lead to dreams, delusions, and hallucinations.
one can love god and love money. its how money is earned and used that can be good or evil.
i created shooting the sacred cows to expose people to the lies theyve accepted. now its a free book you can get at:
money is not evil. ignorance about money is evil.
"five signs you'll fail as an entrepreneur"
robert kiyosaki gives tips from his new book with donald trump. 

saving counterfeit money, i.e. the dollar, is insanity pure stupidity. #economy
falling in love is easy. staying in love is hard." this is so true with business partners as well as life partners.
a true brand is a promise, a reflection of the entrepreneur's body, mind and spirit.
when building a brand, the more you care about your customer, the better chance you have of your business becoming a true brand.
education would be so powerful if it was about the love of learning. not the fear of failing.
experts say entrepreneurs fail from lack of capital and experience. i would add lack of emotional maturity as business is one emotional ride
have a topic for me to write a blog about? post here:
the summit@sea sweepstakes starts today! win a carnival cruise while getting the greatest education of your life ($10,000 value)! enter...
i hate the taste of losing.  its like medicine. it taste bad, but makes you stronger and tougher.
money magnifies your emotions. if your happy with money, youre really happy, but if youre miserable with money youre really miserable.
intelligent people are always telling you there are no opportunities. entrepreneurs are seeing more opportunity now then ever.
explore alternative forms of education. for instance, if you want to start a #business, study money and find a mentor.
if i could control only one thing in life, id control who my teachers are. #coaching
the entrepreneur spirit lets you see the world differently. we solve things. problems become wealth builders #business
since only entrepreneurs can create real jobs, new financial education would help solve the growing problem of unemployment. #business
jobs cost money. focusing you on being a better slave and losing your focus from the true goal, freedom by collecting assets. #money
in the new economy, you need to know how to convert phony money into real money as quickly and safely as possible. #money
risk is real.  education equals control, control mitigates risk. #kiyosaki
the middle class doesnt move up because they invest money dont invest  in their financial education.
investments are not inherently smart or dumb. a smart investor make an investment smart. #investing
i keep hearing, id rather be happy then rich. why not be both?!? #cashflow
in the information age, the richest people are entrepreneurs.  we may not ever become a king or a queen but we can all be entrepreneurs.
it's true that money is not the most important thing in life, but money does affect everything that is important to life.
every time you think you cant do something  someone else thinks they can.
good grades are important while you are in school, but your financial statement is your report card once your school days are over.
capitalist use other people's money and other people's time. that is the secret.
my rich dad said, most people struggle financially because they take advice from sales people, not rich people.
quantitative easing is government speak for: we're screwing all you who work hard for your money
when youre hiring an employee. dont think of it as giving money away.  think of it as buying time for yourself.
everyone has a gift. to become wealthy you must find a way to give more of your gift.
my brain gets stronger every day because i exercise it. the stronger it gets, the more money i can make.
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 15 minutes

you can listen live at:
find your partners based on what their skills are, not friendship. friendship gets forgotten once you start to make money or lose money.
if you are a bad partner, you will attract bad partners.
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 5 minutes
you can listen live at:
all i do is play monopoly in real life, with one exception, in my game, the bank loans me all the money i use.
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 5 minutes
you can listen live at:
everyones saying to get out of debt.  look around, the rich are getting into debt. dont follow the words, follow the actions.
the way i invest is the same way you can invest... my investments just might have a few more zeros at the end.
i don't stir the pot just to stir it. i stir it because i'm concerned. without financial education nothing will change.
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 30 minutes
you can listen live at:
financial statement gives you a snapshot of where you are. your job is to take you from where you are to where you want to go.
the financial education taught is schools is funded and taught by the big banks and corporations. its like have the cat train the mice.
it doesnt take money to be rich, it takes words. remove your poor words: i cant, i hope, ill try and adopt the speak of the rich.
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 15 minutes

you can listen live at:
the idea of job for life and the government taking care of you is industrial-age thinking. the industrial age is dying and you must move on.
mark haines 1946-2011 was an honest and straight-forward man whom i have great respect. i wish the best for his family and send my regards.
only 35% of college students graduate within 4 years. only 54% graduate within 6 years, but 90% leave in debt.
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 15 minutes

you can listen live at:
there is a big difference between getting education and going to school.
nothing will change until we enter emergency. the word is emergency. its the first step to emerge out of this financial crisis.
if the us keeps printing money, the dollar will crash, creating chaos and confusion.  this leads to war, world hunger, etc.
i am not picking on schools, i am picking on the school system.  its an antiquated system run by the most powerful union in the us.
real world education lets you learn what you want to learn and what you want to do.
there is a big difference between getting education and going to school.
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 15 minutes

you can listen live at:
i poor man buys an electric car when the price of gas goes up. a rich man buys oil. that's the difference in mindset.
real estate has some of the greatest tax benefits. even if you are an employee, you can get these benefits.
the rich don't work for money. the rich work to acquire assets
if a deal is based off speculation and appreciation, its not a good deal, its gambling.
greed is fear of losing what you could get. panic is fear of losing what you already have.
instead of seeing all the reasons you cant do something, shift your thinking to how can i do it. it  is very powerful.
you can't by car insurance after the crash. this is why you must protect your assets before you're threatened
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 15 minutes

you can listen live at:
whatevers going on in your life, you will attract people in your life to teach you about it.
winning is not an event, its a process and a person has to push through it.
when people say i won, its in the past. people often get stuck where they  were successful. time to get back into the process of winning.
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 15 minutes

you can listen live at:
find the game where you can win, and then commit your life to playing it; and play to win.
when you see a deal that has gone bad, or a property in bad condition, that is your profit. the fact that its bad is your opportunity.
the u.s. cannot save the dollar. as a result, dont save money. i bet against the dollar by purchasing gold and silver.
leaders have vision  they can see what others cant see.
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 30 minutes
you can listen live at:
a good investor can make money in any economy and is not a slave to trends or markets. education gives complete freedom from market forces.
mutual funds give negative leverage. they have fund fees and taxes sucking money out. youd do better investing on your own.
once you realize the government is lying to you, youll question more and believe less.  youll shed your innocence and open your eyes.
money is spiritual. connect with the spirit and money will flow. to keep the spirit, you must be legal, ethical, and moral.
shannon from promotions: robert is on stage in la. follow him on twitter's richdadevents
we are not here to save the poor or middle class. we are here to offer education so they can save themselves.
to be successful faster, you must fail faster. failure leads to success.
inside each of us is a rich person and a poor person. be careful which one you listen to.
most people prefer job security to freedom and a steady paycheck to wealth. their fear of failing is greater than their joy of freedom.
action always beats inaction. inaction is bred from the fear of mistakes
companies need to pick up speed in this information age. they need to reach more people faster. if companies dont speed up, they die.
when you speak you are selling a product or image of you. if the listener doesnt buy, then you've bought the excuse he's selling.
a true investor takes a bad investment and tweaks and manipulates it into a good investment.
taxes are the single largest expense in a person's lifetime.
when a banker says house is an asset, he's not lying. it's the bank's asset.
kim & i just listened to the 1st episode of our new radio show, "what does it mean to you". radio is a great way to help educate more people
don't miss mt wife kim's live facebook chat tuesday, march 15 at 12:30 pm arizona time.
simplicity is genius.  my job is to take the complex world of investing and make it simple for you.
catch me on my live facebook chat wednesday, march 9th at 12:30 arizona time. i will be answering your questions.
change yourself and you change your world.
rich dad is about complete well being.  to achieve wealth without health is a shallow victory.  bad health can steal wealth away in a flash.
focus leads to action, which leads to feedback  all of which leads to lessons
the #1 cause of bankruptcy is health problems. health insurance wont save you. health exists to make money.
entrepreneurship is about spirit. do you have the guts? does it excite you? does it turn you on? do you have the drive even if it kills you?
reverend ike told me, i think and i speak what i want into existence.
wisdom is the instinct of a higher power. its what separates good leaders from great leaders.
what you learn here has no value until you share it.
join my friend and advisor, blair singer for a live facebook chat friday, 2/18 at 1 pm arizona time.
from an unfair advantage, we are creating the least financially uneducated leaders ever. we are creating highly educated poor people.
hoping a change in political leadership will solve your financial problems? governments cannot solve their own financial problems
crowd funding is the new way to raise money for your business. heres an example,  
it takes 10,000 hours minimum before youre good at anything:before you are able to do the right thing at the right moment every time.
crowdfunding is the new way to raise money for your business. heres an example, 

my leadership style comes from the military and from the many coaches ive had.  often the word coach and leader can be synonymous.
wealth is not how much money you make. its how much money your assets make.
friend of mine likes to say, theres one thing youre allowed to be addicted to  work. no one will send an entrepreneur  to rehab for that.
30 minutes until kim's live facebook chat, don't miss it.
join my wife kim for a live facebook chat on thursday, january 20 @ 12:30 pm arizona time.
join my wife kim for a live facebook chat on thursday, january 20 @ 12:30 pm arizona time.
wealth is not how much money you make. its how much money your assets make.
how to protect yourself from unforeseen catastrophes.
one of my employees has become an entrepreneur and is making the world a better place.  visit his site: www.remitea.com
ur unfair advantage over the banks & institutions is that u r receiving true financial education and can use it to create security & wealth.
true leaders must make the rules, change the rules, and enforce the rules. rules will test your leadership skills.
ur unfair advantage over the banks & institutions is that u r receiving true financial education and can use it to create security & wealth.
a successful entrepreneur must be three things: a dreamer, a businessman, and an sob.
in my new book, an unfair advantage, i point out that this financial crisis has made many people rich, some extremely rich. you can too.
ur unfair advantage over the banks & institutions is that u r receiving true financial education and can use it to create security & wealth.
the more we allow socialist beliefs to enter our national psyche the more people will expect our government to solve our personal problems.
when true financial education is taught in schools we will evolve into a brave and new world of financial prosperity.
the common man uses the word luck to defend his normality. luck doesn?t exist.  it is merely the prepared man ready for future opportunity.
1 hour until the facebook chat with my friend and advisor blair singer. 
join my friend and advisor blair singer for a live facebook chat tomorrow at 1 pm mt.
the leadership is courage. courage is required when facing any challenge. courage requires constant testing and challenging.
quantitative easing defined.  finally.  sort of. . . heres a fun clip on a serious problem
join my wife kim for a live facebook chat on monday, december 13 @ 12:30 pm mt.
@josh_irwin_c it's the title of the video.
rich dad coaching - how do i find a real estate agent that understands real estate investing?
visit my facebook store for 50% off all games through monday, 11/29. 

visit my facebook store for 50% off all games through monday, 11/29. 

visit my facebook store for 50% off all games through monday, 11/29. 

check out our new facebook store! friends of robert kiyosaki get 25% off everything in the store!
one step short of insanity is passion and passion is what every entrepreneur must have
a good coach is a tough coach. join my coach and motivator, mack on chat with champions with blair singer, 4 details
join my advisor tom wheelwright tomorrow for his live facebook chat on my facebook page.
@lcassociates congratulations! keep up the hard work!
heres are latest rich dad coaching video for the women out there.

waiting for kim to take the stage at the live in scottsdale event. follow us @richdadevent.
join us @richdadevent for our live in scottsdale event.
communication technology (web, ipad, etc) allows everyone to be taught by the best, anytime.  no more waiting or accepting inferior teachers
entrepreneurs job is to use cutting edge technology to keep up with the world and stay ahead of competitors.
#1 reason people do not become entrepreneurs ... fear of sales
stop working for $ and stop working for others! in this new sacred cows video i redefine the concept of working hard.
the recession is over? for whom? not for the average american.

rituals define the company.  without rituals company's fall apart as people stop being a team and act as individuals
once the government became willing to print money at will, the value of gold rose and became stable.
schools r desgnd 2 praise correct answers & punish mistakes  now harvard realizes that learning thru mistakes is valuable
it doesn't matter if it's good news or bad news, if you know what to do with the news its all good news.
leaders are generalists, they know a little about a lot of different subjects.
a business mission is spiritual. it is the reason for existence. it reminds us why we began and where we are going
financial education is the answer to all 5 scenarios. knowledge helps you over come everything, not just one thing.

education is not a noun. it's a verb. it continues for the rest of your
life
tell us your rich dad story
whatever games are played with us, we must play no games with ourselves  ralph emerson. this is especially true  with finance....
i often find myself advising people to start their small business before they quit their job.  here are 8 quick tips:

it is not real estate, gold, stocks hard work, or money that makes you rich; it is what you know about real estate,
if you always have to be right, then youll always end up wrong.
to stay ahead of competitors you need to keep your business chargedand one of the best ways to do that is to adopt an if it aint...
government intervention did not get the us out of the depression.  war did. the us always goes to war when experiencing domestic...
the rich not only get richer, they get to live more healthy and productive lives.

aig has good news. their repaying their debt. wrong! they havent improved operations, theyre just selling their assets. cutting off its...
there are more people working in the us gov agriculture office then there are farmers
do you think the gulf spill is bad? wait until the next disaster.
401k defers tax from an earlier yr 2 b paid in a later yr. since you'll b in a higher tax bracket then, the gov get more of your money.
money gets the experience and experience gets the money. there's only one way out and that's financial iq.
kim and i are at the live event in las vegas today follow us at #richdadevent.
the reward for a job well done is a greater job.
the key to overcoming mental and emotional blocks is to put yourself into the future and look backwards thus changing your perspective.
we all have scatoma's - blind spots caused by emotional or mental blocks. we must learn to see issues from multiple angles.
blair singer from sales dogs is now offering a free diagnostic to test your mindset for investing.
wal-mart enters the financial products market. buyer beware.
many people believe barack obama is modeling himself after fdr. which leads to the question: who will play hitler?
we are half way through the year. revisit my predictions for 2010.
dont buy an investment before learning about investing. invest first in education because the only real asset you have is your mind.
get smarter with your money:
if you're into real estate you don't want to miss this. new video posted for insiders:
in good deals the numbers work. in bad deals, they dont.
whats behind the recent market slide? read my latest blog:
when you come up short, dont dip into savings. use the pressure to come up with new ways to make money & pay the bills.
rt @kimkiyosaki if real world finance was taught along with math & science in school, this could have been prevented.
i don't believe in flipping real estate propertiesi look at properties for the cash flow.
talking live with the american entrepreneur ron morris live tomorrow at 3pm to 6pm est.
heading to london? join @kimkiyosaki , our team of rich dad advisors and myself june 11-13.
an intelligent person hires people who are more intelligent than they are.
thanks for the @oprah mention will smith. would love to meet your kids & talk money. the smith family has the right idea!
i only play with money i can afford to lose.
#ff richdad team & friends: @kimkiyosaki, @blairsinger, @tenzinkacho, @marcoaregil
follow my sister @tenzinkacho, co-author of rich brother, rich sister and ordained by his holiness the dalai lama
lots of questions lately about how to start investing. learn to be rich free trainings will help you take the first step
skills necessary to start a business: management of cash flow, management of people, management of personal time. 
dont settle for making a lot of money. increase your financial iq and become truly rich.
are you sure you want to be rich?
rt @kimkiyosaki: chat with @blairsinger live in 20 minutes on #facebook....
social instability causes the price of gold and silver to rise. #richdadevent
during every economic collapse a dictator arises. #richdadevent
showing off my new dvd shooting the sacred cows of money. #richdadevent
bucky fuller says you don't need a priest btwn you and god. i think you don't need a financial planner btwn you and wealth. #richdadevent
this is the most important event we've ever done considering the state of times. #richdadevent
my brain gets stronger everyday because i exercise it.
if you want to go somewhere, it is best to find someone who has already been there.
ken:  i started with a 2 bed/2 bath condo. made mistakes along the way.  i learned.  jump in.
if the federal reserve can print money, why can't you. you can when you invest in assets and use good debt to do it. #richdadevent
within a year, the mortgage rates for countless home loans are due to reset. if you think the recession is over...guess again. #richdadevent
want to learn how the monetary system robs you?  free stuff to read at
next worse is the general partnership. you're liable for your and your partners' actions. best are corporation or llp.#richdadevent
tax inc will happen to all. bec of inflation, your pay will grow putting many in the higher tax bracket, no xtra buying power.#richdadevent
during break, streaming viewers will see 4 videos.
erin telling her story...she learned that money buys you choices. #richdadevent
did you know? there is 5x more gold than silver available for investors to buy. #richdadevent
rodey anderson:  the credit crisis we're in today is like an earthquake.  borrowing $ is about relationships.#richdadevent
tom wheelwright - he's the tax guy. he actually makes taxes interesting!  taxes are your single biggest expense.  #richdadevent
btw...who causes inflation the government or business?  it's government.  did you get it right?#richdadevent
what i look for in an investment...the first is the project.  is it a project that can create cash flow? #richdadevent
what causes inflation business or government?  you guess... whichever, inflation is robbing you of your wealth. #richdadevent
world exclusive
#39 - is goldman guilty? 
hate having to acknowledge these scam artists, but again i will never ask u for $. i'm here to educate, not steal from innocent people.
thx again for the review rt @davidbeking why we want you to be rich book review @therealkiyosaki
honored to be sharing the stage w 2 of the brightest minds on the subject of gold vs. the dollar in the world today.
rich dad 7:30 meeting
the only difference between a rich person and poor person is how they use their time.
you must know the difference between and asst and a liability, and buy assets.
the rich invent money.
you still have access to the #richdadpodcast
join us #richdadpodcast
here we go. tweet with the event #richdadpodcast 
today is the day people...the most powerful podcast on the planet 
rt @kimkiyosaki: i'll be on in 15! meet me on #fb to chat...
i realized a rich life has two balance sheets... a financial one and a spiritual one. read more rich brother rich sister
real estate flippers may have lost $, but i teach investing for cash flow, not capital gains. good convo @suzeormanshow
rt @blairsinger don't let ur little voice block u from getting the results u want! join me @ 10ammst for a facebook chat
think it. learn it. do it. your free access -&gt; 
decide which side of the fence you are on..rich or poor. it's simple. get off your butts and do it!
we need two school systems
in 2 years, the chinese yen will go down as well. surprised?
mind your own business.
rt @stevenwbrown: i'm reading books by @donaldjtrump and @therealkiyosaki to learn and to challenge my thinking.
rt @conspiracyrich: new discussion topic posted on fb. share your thoughts with the rest of the conspiracy community.
rt @lmgross: follow friday - the rich dad team - @therealkiyosaki @kimkiyosaki @mike_maloney @kenmcelroy @blairsinger @conspiracyrich
rt @conspiracyrich: annuities are often backed by commercial real estate that you have no control over.
on the new york times business best sellers list, rich dad, poor dad is listed at #9 & conspiracy of the rich is #10. thank you so much!
rt @tamuskincare: @therealkiyosaki you inspired me to start my fair-trade organic skincare business... i can't thank you enough.
hauoli makahiki hou
the new year is quickly approaching - what are some of your goals for 2010?
have you seen what's going on at www.richdad.com lately?
rt @kenmcelroy:
leadership is one big sales job.
rt @kimkiyosaki: live facebook chat on rich woman today at 12:30pm mst.
entrepreneurs don't really care if the market's up or down. they're creating better products and better processes.
the gift for the economic news junkie  rich dad savvy investor pack  check out the sales at rich dads store -
quitting is the easiest thing to do. that's why most people don't make it.
the 401(k) has a few good points...but not good enough, in my opinion, given the financial challenges that lie ahead.
military training teaches you that there are four strengths: mental, emotional, physical and spiritual.
thankful to have the opportunity to connect with all of you...
rt @chrissimila on my way to sd to celebrate my dad's birthday listening to "why we want you to be rich" by @donaldjtrump & @therealkiyosaki
discipline delivers a higher quality of life.
it takes 10,000 hours of practicing before you become good at anything.
socialism is for losers. #richdadevent
knowledge: the new money. #richdadevent
busy with art of a deal this weekend. follow activity via #richdadevent
the opportunities are out there. start looking and don't quit.
in an hour i will be on facebook answering your questions - come join me!
are you coming to art of a deal in november?
always be humble and be hungry and learn. listen more than you speak.
connect with me on facebook - i'd be honored to have you as a friend.
you have to be smart. the easy days are over.
kim (@kimkiyosaki) will be online today at 12:30pm pst answering your investing questions -
conspiracy of the rich: the 8 new rules of money is listed @ #8 on the new york times best sellers list
if you can't make money up and down then you aren't an investor. #richdadevent
ask a real estate investing question for my team to answer today or tomorrow at the summit. use #richdadevent
"population growth has nothing to do with the recession." -ken mcelroy @mcelroyken  #richdadevent
on our way to buenos aires, argentina...
looking forward to 3-days of business meetings back in phoenix. the new rich dad company is finally getting off the ground & growing again.
i have the need for speed.  took train to beach.  too slow but made me appreciate having money to have choices as to how fast i can travel.
check out my free online book, conspiracyoftherich.com. chapter 8 just posted!
sitting in hong kong.  great flight on cathay pacific 1st class. giant beds.  hong kong is exciting.  on to kuala lumpur, malaysia.
real book of real estate book launch party! standing room only!!!
postage stamps up in price.  oil breaks $60.  gold and silver up. dollar breaking down. good news for some, bad for most.  watch out.
went to desert out of town to shoot semi-auto military rifles with friend greg.  burned a lot of ammunition and shot a lot of cans. good fun
conspiracy of the rich chapter 7 posting soon.  check it out.  book is breaking records.  even former sec.tre. paulson talks about it.
had fun planning party for launch of my new book, the real book of real estate.  be fun to be in room with real real estate investors.
had dinner at phoenix country club. had two whole maine lobsters.  great food with great friends.
airport filled with interesting people.  woman is standing in front of crowd doing her yoga.  good thing she has a great body.  entertaining
this is my second twitter.  whoever is impersonating me, get a real life so you can use your real name.
don't confuse insurance with investment. #davedaily
have you subscribed to the dave ramsey show channel on youtube? we upload brand new video clips every day!
tune in today for the dave ramsey show live from 2-5 pm est. watch or listen with the ios app or on our website:
join us for the first-ever smart conference in dallas, tx this march! you just have to see this lineup:
micah and lindsay finally kicked sallie mae to the curb by paying off $60,000 in 22 months! young,
happy thanksgiving from all of us at the dave ramsey team! video:
ashley and anelizabeth paid off $125,000 in 30 months!!! they said the key to becoming #debtfree was
#tdrsmusic 11/26: wolfmother, the strokes, crowded house, the 1975, paper route, muse, zero 7, givers, copeland.
watch out for these 5 types of black friday shoppers:
steer clear of money temptations! #davedaily
it's a myth that you can get a good deal on a brand new car. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic 11/20: jimmy eat world, u2, rilo kiley, the gaslight anthem, foals, beck, the cure, jars of clay.
#tdrsmusic 11/19: grizzly bear, los straitjackets, electric youth, marvin gaye, michael jackson, fleetwood mac...
join us today for money advice and inspiration. watch or listen live for free from 2-5 pm est.
catch another great show today live! watch or listen for free from 2-5 pm est with the ios app or at our site:
@ramseyshow: total debt paid by debt free callers this week = $1,072,000. ytd = $40,804,000 (1st time we've ever hit the $40m mark!)
"his money" and "her money" doesn't work in marriage. it's "our money". #davedaily
you're budgeting and saving money for your family. always remember that. #davedaily
who (and who not) to buy christmas gifts for:
take a moment to stop and thank a veteran today. their service is the example of what makes our nation great. #veteransday
it's a pleasure to have @christybwright on the show to talk about entrepreneurship! watch live now:
we're taking small business and leadership questions as priority during our @entreleadership remote today between 1-4p ct. call 1-888-825-5225
an emergency fund means the difference between a crisis and an inconvenience.
have a small business or leadership question for dave? send it our way with hashtag #askdave and he might answer it on friday's show!
susan in kansas asked if she should force her mother-in-law out of their house. here's what dave had to say:
#tdrsmusic 11/4: gorillaz, the strokes, oasis, aerosmith, blondfire, the isley brothers, muse, camera obscura...
#tdrsmusic 11/1: escondido, eric clapton, the avett bros, arcade fire, elliott smith, lifehouse, the cure, incubus.
it's a new month, so it's time for a new budget. here are 5 expenses we all forget:
pete and renee from kansas city are on w/ @daveramsey about to scream "debt free" after paying off $2.8 million in 10 yrs!  wow!
did you catch this awesome, tear-filled, "debt free" story of overcoming on yesterday's video channel/radio show?!  
#tdrsmusic 10/29: chromatics, michael jackson, haim, arcade fire, daft punk, 311, camera obscura, ra ra riot, alt-j.
need help with your money, or just a little hope? tune in to our show today live 2-5 pm eastern. it's free!
we're here for another great show! watch live for free from 2-5 pm eastern today:
#tdrsmusic 10/24/13: social distortion, alt-j, the format, foals, my morning jacket, burlap to cashmere, etc. 
here's the difference between capitalism and socialism, and what it means to you:
goals that aren't written down are just dreams. #davedaily
9 ways to teach your kids about money:
if you want to be wealthy, do what wealthy people are doing. #davedaily
the zero-based budget is the best way to control your money. #davedaily
start with a plan. be intentional. #davedaily
@xpbravesfanxp yes, follow the hashtag #tdrsmusic or subscribe to our spotify playlists:
having a plan doesn't mean pinching pennies the rest of your life. #davedaily
how did we get to a trillion dollars in student loan debt? this is crazy!
@drewster_23 no plans for an android app right now. the web app works great on most everything we've tested:
#tdrsmusic 10/10: eric johnson, passion pit, wilco, jack white, eddie vedder, mumford and sons, pond, supertramp, rush.
if a plumber can become a millionaire, so can you. great video clip from the show!
a ship with holes in it won't float, and a budget with holes in it won't work. #davedaily
6 people you need while getting out of debt:
#tdrsmusic 10/7: spoon, onerepublic, the clash, beach house, nichole nordeman, copeland, led zeppelin, oasis, beck.
if greatness was easy, everyone would do it. #davedaily
the idea of "building credit" is faulty. don't go into debt now so you can go into more debt later. #davedaily
get to know our new radio show producer, @jameschilds via this "behind the scenes" video
panic and anger are not helpful, and that's not what we're here for. let's talk about what matters to you.
we have a balanced budget and don't use debt, so our lights are still on. why can't the government say the same?
the dave ramsey show is live today, and you can watch or listen for free! check us out the next 3 hours at
@steve1903 we take elp issues very seriously and would like your feedback. can you please fill out this form?
dave is discussing the government shutdown and why it's so important to be financially secure.
#tdrsmusic "blue" monday: badfinger, new order, danger mouse, junip, 10,000 maniacs, styx, the weepies, wilco, u2.
husband and wife cops are in our lobby screaming "debt free" after hearing our lessons on a pirated copy cd!  #brasspass
total debt paid by debt free callers on the show this week = $1,923,500. year to date = $32,760,500.
rt @rachelcruze: just finished a photo shoot w @daveramsey for the cover of our book that comes out in april! 
move on from your money mistakes and learn from them. #davedaily
what happens when home buying goes wrong:
@nataliemaria_ thanks great, natalie! congratulations. way to stick with it.
@glad2bmomof3 as with any new business venture, don't make the leap to full-time until you are making enough money to support yourself.
@soundtechseth thanks, seth! glad you're enjoying it.
@thompson614 sorry about the accident, bill! glad to know everything is going to be okay.
check out the new "behind the scenes" profile on video channel producer lara johnson.
when economic times are tough, the government often steps in  but does it really help? dave answers:
the baby steps are numbered for a reason. they need to be followed in order!
#tdrsmusic 9/23: beach house, wilco, the police, the strokes, pinback, electric guest/youth, queens of the stone age.
#tdrsmusic 9/20: augustana, zero 7, beck, the cranberries, coldplay, u2, yes, the black keys, daft punk, the cure.
dave is live today! join us for the money answers you need. watch or listen free at
#tdrsmusic 9/19: of monsters and men, dave matthews, brett dennen, the walkmen, nirvana, ryan adams, los lobos, keane.
#tdrsmusic 9/18: eddie vedder, the la's, white rabbits, the stone roses, mew, grizzly bear, editors, pearl jam...
#tdrsmusic 9/17: youth group, dispatch, jimi hendrix, my morning jacket, the xx, mercyme, depeche mode, coldplay...
don't forget, our online video version of the show is a free 24/7 stream. when dave's not live, catch the replay:
@rjoyfult where are you exactly? anything we can do to help? (we're following now so you can direct message if you need to.)
7 types of people keeping you in debt:
@meganledford yes
#tdrsmusic for 9/11: lorde, daft punk, alt-j, chromatics, escondido, lovedrug, holy ghost!, m83, shovels and rope, u2.
if debt is normal, we want you to be weird. great article by @rachelcruze -
"if you put all your money into things that go down in value, you won't have any money." @daveramsey right now on
don't let debt become a way of life for you. #davedaily
if you want tips on how to run a business the right way, check out the brand-new
surround yourself with positive influences. #davedaily
is success about luck or hard work? if you missed it on the show last week, here's @daveramsey's take:
before you knew dave, what was your "status symbol of choice"? what did you strive for that you felt would make you whole?
#tdrsmusic 9/4: explosions in the sky, yes, the kooks, travis, band of horses, foo fighters, fleetwood mac, dawes...
dave is about to cut credit cards live in our lobby! watch:
world champion swimmer @diananyad never gave up. neither should you. #ramseyminute
@wlonewolf02 in just a few minutes.
when you create a basic budget and stick to it, it will suddenly seem like you have more money. #davedaily
dave's team is celebrating @collegecolors day, representing 20+ schools! photo:
we often overspend because we are trying to fill an emotional gap in our lives. #davedaily
@khallecy sometimes!
you won't want to miss the awesome video coming up during this break on our live video stream. watch:
#tdrsmusic 8/28: mumford and sons, cake, the la's, hot chocolate, the rolling stones, r.e.m., gnarls barkley, wilco, u2
you can negotiate on anything, even tuition. look for a great article about negotiation later this week on
what you don't know about money will make you broke. #davedaily
watch the dave ramsey show for free 24/7 at
@vasiliyn28 thanks for listening!
dave is the man with the money answers you need. listen to all three hours of the show live for free:
#tdrsmusic 8/23: snow patrol, the police, norah jones, muse, the raconteurs, ed sheeran, switchfoot, ryan adams, u2.
today is a chance to change your relationship with money. tune in to the dave ramsey show now for the help you need:
don't forget to enter the student loan payoff giveaway today! you could win $7,346. entry form:
need money answers? the dave ramsey show starts in just a few minutes. watch or listen live at
#tdrsmusic 8/21: beck, the head and the heart, pinback, usher, twothirtyeight, alabama shakes, mutemath, fleetwood mac.
@logan_griffis dave recommends 20%.
for a limited time, get dave's best-selling bundle for 66% off:
"more is caught than taught." @rachelcruze

parents need to be the example of what they want for their children.


@mrsrrosas no, if you are a finalist we will call you.
.@daveramsey: universal life insurance is the "payday lender of the middle class." stay away!
#tdrsmusic 8/19: andrew peterson, divine fits, eisley, alt-j, boston, aerosmith, explosions in the sky, the xx, u2
#tdrsmusic 8/16: poor old lu, the cure, u2, wolfmother, young summer, van halen, red hot chili peppers, palma violets
@charlukas thanks, charleen! that means a lot to us.
@evan_r done.
@refisch keep it up, rachel. you can do it!
@justbeingstill that's great to hear, kimberly! great work. stay gazelle intense!
@evan_r that's awesome, evan! can i contact you via email to get more details about your story?
@thedavidcreel thanks for the kind words, david. i'll pass your message along to our customer care team.
@hufftina if there is a financial peace university class in your area, that's a great place to start. find a class:
@shannoncmaclean thanks shannon! we've worked really hard on this, so that means a lot to us.
@asher_of_indy thanks travis!
@samdoyle12 that's great, sam. it can be scary and a daunting task, but you have to start somewhere. you can do it!
think it's not possible to be a student without a student loan? think again. @rachelcruze video blog on the subject:
generosity must be a part of any healthy financial plan. if you're not giving, you're missing out on one of the biggest joys in life.
don't try to beat the system! once you think you've beat it, it will beat you back.
#tdrsmusic 8/14: college, escondido, the wild feathers, sixpence none the richer, r.e.m., grizzly bear, leagues, m83.
we're loving all the feedback about our new streaming video show! send your tweets to us or @daveramsey and they might get on the show!
a large part of success is knowing what to do to avoid falling prey to your weakness. #davedaily
lots of great stories today on the show. you can see them as well as exclusive content by watching every day at
@1337atreyu not right now. maybe in the future. we're on "baby step 1" with this project!
@btrevorthompson thanks for staying with the show, trevor!
@mrwilson_84 great video, right? we'll get that uploaded to youtube soon and share a link on twitter.
@dgshand we're not recommending a replacement right now.
@jimmclark about 40 minutes into yesterday's show:
@mwbcpa source:
@darinpratt1 if the economy collapses, gold and silver won't have any value either.
@trevoracy thanks so much, trevor! that really means a lot to all of us working hard to serve our customers well.
@kamerakrystal thanks for the kind words, krystal. that means a lot to all of us here at dave's office.
@akeithwill33088 thanks, aaron. that means a lot to our team.
@bradfordross79 thanks, bradford. we do work really hard to research what we endorse. unfortunately we can't see the future.
@nrbwh thanks, nathanael. that really means a lot to the whole team.
@wordofwilliams no, we are not making any recommendations for alternatives to perkstreet at this time.
@danswenson1981 we're working on getting a clip so everyone can see. short story: it sucks, we didn't know it was happening.
@rogerbaker87 we agree. really sad the way they handled this.
@akilthepoet thanks, james. that really means a lot to our whole team.
@aaron_bade thanks, aaron! that means a lot to us.
@jimmclark we're not making any recommendations for alternatives right now.
@ibnabeeomar we'll get a clip out soon and post a link on twitter.
@craig_mcdade we are not recommending a replacement. close your account and get your money out asap.
@jacobfineis we stopped endorsing them recently. sad that they made these decisions. close your account asap if you have one.
@89dekock we are not recommending a replacement, but we do suggest you close the account and move your money asap.
@jonteixeira we agree. it's sad they decided to treat their customers this way, and we found out today just like you.
@kennmuoki we do have instagram! it includes the daily tips and more.
@ericmcghee we just found out today like everyone else. sad it happened this way. we no longer endorsed them.
@eric_731 they certainly don't! we're as mad as anyone else. close your account today if you have one.
@jmachats catch repeats 24/7 at
@troywatt yes, you can watch online at
dave is on air now discussing perkstreet closing. we're really sorry. we learned today just like you.
we still want your calls about changing your family tree if you are in baby step 6 or 7. we'll get you on with dave! (888) 825-5225
if you are in baby step 6 or 7 and changing your family tree, we want your call right now! (888) 825-5225
@atlchristinab good question, christina. i'm going to send it to dave and he might answer it on the show.
tune in tomorrow a 2 pm eastern for a brand new live shows. watch replays and clips of last week now:
did you know that dave has a personal finance class for high schools, homeschools and colleges? get more info here:
@markseckler have you tried the web version? it works great on android.
@ericsandow thanks, eric! that means a lot.
@chadwsu good question, chad. i'll pass it along to dave and he might answer on the show.
@jamieguel thanks, jamie!
don't let collectors violate your rights! for brian in md and others dealing with sleazy collectors, get help at
today's show is starting in just a few minutes, and phones are open! call now at (888) 825-5225
@twinmama85 if you switch to the audio stream before switching apps, it continues to play in the background.
if you're having trouble with your career like ryan, @jonacuff's book start is a great help. get it at dave's store:
it's pouring rain here in nashville so for those on the radio, i'm going to try to bump with a bunch of songs about rain.  any suggestions?
if you're not watching our 24/7 streaming video channel, you're missing out on awesome clips like that. watch:
@hightowerc we can only make decisions based on what we know for sure  the vast majority of our audience is on ios.
@maryhaywood both the free one-hour podcast and the three-hour subscription podcast are staying right where they are.
@jasons6677 contact appsupport@daveramsey.com with details about your device, internet connection, browser, os, etc.
@velcro_wallet we offer all three hours of the show commercial-free via a subscription podcast at
@curlyworley everything looks good here. it may be your connection. if issues continue, email appsupport@daveramsey.com
"if your identity is in your stuff, you know what you are? shallow." @daveramsey

watch live:
our video channel launch yesterday was a huge success! thanks for tuning in. watch live:
reminder: you don't need an iphone or ipad to watch our new video stream. it works great on pc and mobile browsers!
jeff and stacey got gazelle intense and paid off $57k in 21 months. this is hope, and this is what it's all about!
@warmandfuzzytx the web version is mobile optimized and should work great on most android phones:
@septembergirl17 the web version works great on most android phones and other smartphones:
@angiemeeker that's fine! they can still help you with that. we want to try to help as many people as possible.
@bigtruck1369 it already has airplay support! you should be able to stream audio for video to apple tv or any airplay-compatible device.
@boalsjaclyn it should work on an iphone 4s. send an email to appsupport@daveramsey.com with details and they will help you.
@mrrmart it will keep working for now. eventually it will go away and you will not be charged for renewal.
oh yeah, did we mention that this whole new video experience is free? seriously! dave's on now, watch or listen live:
@matthowden it's there! do a search in the canadian app store for "dave ramsey" and we should be the first result.
@rickyq12 there is a web version that works great on android. very slick app-like experience. we'll tweet the link a little later.
@glparks1979 new app is completely free, no subscription needed. old app will keep working with your subscription for a while.
@miladylaughalot just search the app store for "dave ramsey". we are the first result.
@darinfisher1 yes, there is a web version for android, windows phone, etc.  the link goes live later today. we'll tweet it.
@matthewewatkins the app isn't live yet, it launches tomorrow.
the student loan drama on the show today isn't over... steven in nashville has $190k in college debt for a degree in opera.
treat student loans exactly the same as any other debt. if you can't afford it, don't buy it!
it's possible to go to college without debt. apply for scholarships like crazy, and working during school won't kill you. #studentloans
this one should be pretty easy, so be quick: what's the name of the dave ramsey show theme song and the artist?
in the insurance world, you truly get what you pay for. the dangers of low-cost insurance:
trivia: blake thompson used to be producer of the dave ramsey show, now he's executive producer. who is the new producer of the radio show?
we'll do more twitter trivia about the show for the next few days. keep your eyes peeled!
can you name one thing on dave's desk in this photo that hasn't changed in his 20+ years of broadcasting?
#tdrsmusic for 8/2: santana, elton john, the decemberists, the black crowes, wilco, tom petty, zz top, r.e.m., cake..
here's your next sneak peek. just 4 more days.
#tdrsmusic for 8/1: madi diaz, marvin gaye, divine fits, pinback, rhye, radiohead, wild nothing, capital cities, u2.
3 easy ways to pay off your mortgage early:
it's not just the show that's all-new. we have a new logo, too! are you ready? pic:
teach your kids how to save for retirement:
#tdrsmusic for 7/26: fruit bats, pond, the walkmen, the allman brothers, band of horses, foo fighters, temper trap.
house hunting tips for couples:
what lengths will you go to to save some cash? craziest ways our facebook fans have saved money:
the most dangerous thing about your summer vacation might be the debt you bring back home.
#tdrsmusic for 7/22: copeland, emerson hart, david bowie, the kooks, eisley, spoon, foals, band of horses, caleb...
#tdrsmusic for 7/19: first aid kit, atlas genius, muse, the doors, churchill, beastie boys, palma violets, tom petty
tom corley, author of rich habits is live w/ dave right now. get his book for 20% off at
how can you prepare for the unexpected?
debt consolidation is dangerous because you only treat the symptom. truth:
dave's brand-new class the legacy journey is available for 20% off for a limited time. join now!
@kymcdo blake is now executive producer of the show and @jameschilds is the new producer, posting his daily playlists here using #tdrsmusic.
"i can't shoot a basketball like michael jordan, so he should make more than i make." @daveramsey
the legacy journey is all about wealth, family, and legacy. see the story of our new class:
think wealth is evil? we're taking your calls now! call dave at 1 (888) 825-5225 #legacyjourney
how to prepare for the expenses of fall now:
yes, you can make 12% with your mutual funds:
3 reasons summer is good for your budget:
@mattbye glad you noticed matthew! -james
get started couponing! clip coupons, find deals, and save big money:
want to keep up with the latest news about our new project? follow us on youtube:
it's a seller's market, but will your home sell?
yes, you can travel without a credit card:
#tdrsmusic for 7/4: the xx, the o'jays, van halen, cyndi lauper, cake, steve miller band, ryan adams, modest mouse...
should you borrow from retirement to pay for a home?
#tdrsmusic for 7/2: eddie vedder, foster the people, eric johnson, the decemberists, no doubt, ben folds five, rush.
take advantage of our money teaching tools for kids and teens of all ages:
important things to know about agents and houses:
financial faux pas  don't make these money etiquette mistakes:
4 ways to spot a great investment:
#tdrsmusic for 6/26: u2, pink floyd, tait, new order, my morning jacket, the psychedelic furs, m83, pixies...
#tdrsmusic for 6/25: editors, coldplay, newsboys, tom petty, the jayhawks, family of the year, the cure, the police..
#tdrsmusic for 6/24: mew, hot chocolate, two gallants, death cab for cutie, wilco, arcade fire, fleetwood mac, u2...
real estate is a great investment, but only if you're ready. never invest with debt. #davedaily
the worst vacation is the one that follows you home.
when you should save and spend on your summer vacation:
#tdrsmusic for 6/19: boston, steely dan, pink floyd, michael jackson, third eye blind, modest mouse, avi buffalo...
same-as-cash contracts are a financial bear trap. #davedaily
dropping collision insurance on your car usually isn't worth the extra risk. #davedaily
don't try to rationalize an expensive new car purchase. #davedaily
total debt paid off by "debt free" callers to the show this week = $1,623,500. ytd = $16,020,000.
#tdrsmusic for 6/13 includes bonnaroo artists grizzly bear, tame impala, local natives, divine fits, capital cities..
#tdrsmusic for 6/12: college, needtobreathe, phantom planet, the killers, paper route, the avett brothers, the cure..
we have some great announcements coming tomorrow morning from @rachelcruze and @chrishogan360. follow them for more!
consumers are on pace to rack up about $47 billion in new credit card debt this yr. total amount from 2011-2013 = $130 billion. credithub
have you considered satisfaction with fewer things in life?
something big is coming to the dave ramsey show... we'll have more to share next week. stay tuned! #davehd
@kevinaii thanks kevin! glad you dig it.. -james
if you are always worried about what others think of you, you will never be happy. #davedaily
@phx2bett sorry about that deb, our xm channel was down yesterday but it's back up now. thanks!
paying off your home early lowers your risk and gives you security. #davedaily
@ronlieber @daveramsey would love to give you the opportunity to discuss your tweet "memo to dave ramsey".  sure you can't come on too?
@jayslagle 1:35p central (if your station carries us live)
@ronlieber @daveramsey would love for you to come on the show today via the phone  and discuss getting 12% on investments. how about it?
@tmfstoffel @daveramsey would love to invite you on the show to discuss getting 12% on investment. how about it?
starting today, following the show, you will now be able to see the daily "bump" list (show music) @ramseyshow w/ a @spotify playlist link!
did vacation season sneak up on you? don't worry, you can have a great vacation without a big budget!
today is your last chance to enter the real estate rally giveaway! you could win $1,000:
if your house was paid-for, you would do this too:
there are still three more chances to win $1,000 in the real estate rally. don't miss your chance! entry form:
there are still a few chances to win cash prizes in our real estate rally, just like mark, who won $10,000!
we wrap up our series on babies and money with great info on how to save for your child's future:
avoid these stupid investing mistakes that others before you have made:
parents-to-be  here's how to financially prepare for that new bundle of joy:
don't invest money in the stock market unless you're going to leave it alone for five years or more. #davedaily
infographic  9 steps to stress-free homebuying:
our annual company battle of the bands has kicked off! we have plenty of fun doing work that matters. #lampobotb
if you missed our #legacyjourney web event last night, you can watch the video replay and get more info here:
chat with dave tonight at the #legacyjourney live web event! starts at 6:30 pm cst here:
the ultimate goal of getting out of debt is seeing beyond your own needs and giving generously. #davedaily
do you have a business question for dave? reply with it now and it might get answered on the show today! #askdave
renting should be a time of wisely having patience until you can afford to buy a house properly. #davedaily
want to win up to $10,000? enter our real estate rally giveaway today!
your emergency fund is not an investment, it's insurance with one purpose... #davedaily
after you've killed that debt snowball and have an emergency fund, it's time to invest. learn how to start:
single stock investing carries an extremely high degree of risk. invest in good mutual funds instead. #davedaily
you should only buy low-cost level term life insurance. anything else is a rip-off or a gimmick. #davedaily
blake: i'm looking for a solid td (tech director) who loves and lives what we teach!
the best kind of vacation is one that doesn't follow you home.
@indypenguin if you want dave to answer on-air, send to daveonair@daveramsey.com. otherwise, info.general@daveramsey.com
unless you control your money, making more won't help. you'll just have bigger payments. #davedaily
we fear things in proportion to our ignorance of them. #davedaily
dave's $15,000 financial literacy challenge for students starts today! win a $5,000 scholarship by taking our quiz.
blake: total debt paid this week by debt free callers = $627,500. year to date = $8,983,000.
dave recommends zander for insurance of all types, including disability. get your rates here:
blake: @kencoleman will be on the show at 3:35p et/2:35p ct discussing his new book one question.
blake: $819,000 of debt paid off this week by debt free callers.  year to date = $8,126,500
don't fall for get-rich-quick schemes. it takes time and effort to build wealth properly. #davedaily
the truth behind pre-paid debit cards.
you dont have to be super-wealthy to get some sweet tax breaks.

blake: open phones! 1-888-825-5225
here are daves tips to help you pick the best mutual funds.
when you base your life on principle, 99% of your decisions are already made. #davedaily
it is possible to go to college debt-free! learn how with dave's new custom college guide.
the stat from today's #davedaily comes from sociologist juliet schor. she says "television viewing results in an upscaling of desire."
@andrew_guinn hey, andrew. our tech support team has an easy fix. call them at 1-877-410-3283 ext 190 or email techsupport@daveramsey.com
@realrodj hey rodney, can you call our tech support team? they have an easy solution for you. 1-877-410-3283 extension 190
if you can identify the enemies of your financial peace, you can defeat them. #davedaily
don't let advertising and consumerism rule your children. take a stand. #davedaily
"don't co-sign ever." @daveramsey
blake: dow closes at new 5-year high (adding 176 points). @cnnmoney
the car payment is the mantra of the middle class. you don't win while you're in debt. #davedaily
dave's company was named one of the best places to work for the 6th time by nashville business journal. we love working here!
57% of americans who have loaned money to friends or family say it ruined the relationship. #davedaily
if you make financial decisions with immaturity, you will be broke your whole life. #davedaily
if you ever make a deal with a debt collector, always get it in writing. #davedaily
it doesn't matter if you're a nerd or free spirit. love makes up the difference. #valentinesday
blake: happy valentine's day!  we will be taking your "love and money" ?'s today as priority!  888-825-5225 starting @ 1p ct
you can buy fun, but you can't buy happiness. don't get them confused. #davedaily
dave's response to the 12% return discussion in minutes! find a local station or listen live online here:
according to edmunds, a $30,000 car loses around 10% of its value the second you drive it off the lot.
lara: $365k worth of debt paid off by debt free callers this week!  year to date = $3,736,000
blake: get this book!  what a great story! "the duck commander family" only $14.95 today at our website.
@matthewsmithus check now.  thanks!
blake: quick poll..tweet back...have you ever dumped someone over their debt?
the first step to teaching your kids how to handle money is being a good example. #davedaily
blake: how does dave feel about the waitress being fired over posting a pic of the pastor's "no tip" receipt? tune in now to find out!
blake: 27% of all middle-aged parents are the primary source of financial support for their adult children. (pew research)
children do what feels good. adults can have fun by devising a plan and following it. #davedaily
@kdjoslin check now
knock out a small debt first so you get a quick win. momentum is key. #davedaily
looking for your dream job? @jonacuff suggests you ask these 5 questions:
budgeting means spending every dollar on paper, on purpose before the month begins. #davedaily
happen to your money  don't let it happen to you. #davedaily
follow @blakesbumps  and send in your requests for bump music! he may just play it.
come join our entreleadership live chat, happening right now!
blake: have a parenting question for @megmeeker?  call us at 1-888-825-5225
what would college look like if you graduated debt-free? check out dave's new custom college guide to find out:
blake: current caller's daughter had her cancer treatment $ stolen by her mother-in-law, who then gambled every penny of it. #scum
singles need an accountability partner to help them with big money decisions. #davedaily
@hephner23
@neiliocopter from time to time, when there is a larger issue to discuss.
blake: @marshallramsey is live in-studio right now. talking about his new book "fried chicken and wine"
blake: is wealth evil?  what size of car is "unspiritual"? @daveramsey wants your opinion 1-888-825-5225
@bertrandmike66 can you give us some more detail about the podcast issue you're having?
we've been posting daily tips from dave on facebook since january 1st, and we're about to start on twitter. first one coming up...
blake: @daveramsey is talking college football now.  he wants to know...alabama or notre dame?
download dave's free guide to budgeting and start controlling your money in 2013:
did you know it's actually possible to go to college debt-free? learn how with our brand-new custom college guide!
if you're in high school and want to know how to go to college debt free - you've got to see our new custom college guide
what 8 lessons can you learn from christmas movie characters? find out here:
blake: today is the day!  we're giving away $15,000 live on-air today!  merry christmas!
all 12 deals of christmas are on sale for one more day until midnight! get them in our store:
blake: more info on the 3 ways to give we've highlighted today
blake: @mikehamilton63 w/ @bloodwater is our special guest right now during the giving show.
denise from illinois was our latest $10,000 winner. listen to the call here:
watch this video and find out why you shouldn't let the january you hate the december you: 
read these daveisms you might hear at a christmas party, and leave your own in the comments!
are you the nerd or the free spirit at christmas? use our checklist to find out:
our next entreleadership live chat starts in just a few minutes! (10 am eastern). please come join us!
we all get hounded to buy extra stuff during this time of year. here are 5 christmas extras you don't need:
@tjamison stand strong
we take questions from twitter every day. have something to ask? tweet to @ramseyshow tagged #askdave and dave might answer on the show!
blake: fan favorite annual "giving" show is coming up soon!  how are you "giving back" this season?! email us at daveonair@daveramsey.com
blake: "somebody's got to win." -175 million lotto losers
"if you think you can or you think you can't...you're right." zig ziglar
blake: giving away $10,000 live on air right now!
join us in 30 minutes (4 pm central) for a live chat with rachel cruze all about kids and money:
check out the all-new designer envelope system, created with feedback from you!
blake: a twinkie rant, a robin hood rant...if you're not listening to the show this week, you're missing out!
blake: we're giving away another $10,000 live on the air today!
don't forget to enter our weekly $10,000 giveaway! listen to our last winner here:
get free shipping and 2 free dvds when you spend $49 in our online store!
blake: we're giving away another $10,000 live on the air today!
blake: "good news is, you're normal.  bad news is, normal sucks." @daveramsey to last caller
download our free christmas budget form to keep track of your holiday spending:
we're having a huge $10 sale on dave's books, dvds, and more!
come join our entreleadership live chat with chris hogan, going on right now!
no matter your beliefs, get out there today and vote!
for a limited time, get free shipping on orders of $49 or more in our online store. click here for more:
need investing advice? over 93% of users highly recommend an endorsed local provider. try one today:
dave recommends a zero-based budget, and there's a reason why: it works! try gazelle budget for free here:
dave is giving away $100,000 in cash and prizes for christmas! enter our first $10,000 giveaway here:
every day we pick some of the best questions from twitter for dave to answer on the radio show. ask away!
check out these old-fashioned halloween treats from @marthas_place!
blake: get your small biz and leadership questions ready!  @entreleadership live remote from orlando today at 1p central. #entreleadership
after zharida moved to the usa, she believed debt was a way of life. see how fpu changed her perspective:
what's your favorite type of call on the dave ramsey show?
millions of lives have been changed by financial peace university since 1994. what's your fpu story?
@robertnelson23 debt consolidation is a bad idea. read this article on our website for more:
@wickedmint hey ryan! i passed your question on to dave, and if he has time, he'll answer it on the show today.
@agentkateb hey kate, look for an answer to your question soon over at dave's facebook page!
@harpen64 producer blake picks out all the music for the show. check out @blakesbumps for a list of the music used each day. ^jh
@tiffprince here's a radio show clip with dave's thoughts on small business grants:
blake: the "secrets of the rich" don't exist, because the principles aren't a secret.  we share them daily on the show!
got a question for dave? reply with #askdave and we'll pass along the best questions for dave to answer on the show!
inspiring story of a single mother getting back on her feet and starting her own busines:
if you missed the 20th anniversary show last week, you can listen here:
if you missed the 20th anniversary celebration show last week, we're working on getting all 3 hours as an audio download. stay tuned!
thanks so much to everyone for joining us. wow! what an awesome show. #tdrs20
blake: thanks to our awesome team who has helped us put on the live stream. #tdrs20
blake: more country music stars calling in to congratulate dave. thanks @lbtmusic and @martinamcbride. #tdrs20
blake: business expert and best-selling author seth godin ( @thisissethsblog ) on the phone with dave right now. #tdrs20
blake: a real music legend, @michaelwsmith, calling now. #tdrs20
blake: on the line now, nascar cup champion darrell waltrip ( @allwaltrip ). #tdrs20
blake: best-selling author @maxlucado just called in to the show. #tdrs20
only an hour down and it's already been a whirlwind show! thanks to everyone for joining at financial peace plaza and online. #tdrs20
dont forget, you can follow a list of all our guests today at
blake: tn governor @billhaslam is live on the show right now! #tdrs20
thanks to @zacbrownband for wishing us congratulations! #tdrs20
our live stream is starting! in case you missed the link, it's right here:
we are underway! if you are in the nashville area right now, this is the place to be. #tdrs20
dave's marconi award along with the award the team presented him this week for #tdrs20
blake: just a few of today's special guests: an olympic gold medalist, a rock and roll hall of famer...
blake: thanks lesley stahl (@60minutes) for your 20th anniv. congrats message!  just played it on air. #tdrs20
we're getting everything set up here for the event tomorrow. really exciting! #tdrs20
@twilsondallas go to live stations, then under music and entertainment, go to the personalities section. dave's channel is right there!
team member scott shows off our team shirts for the 20th anniversary #tdrs20 celebration:
blake: @drhenrycloud is live w/ @daveramsey right now! talking "boundaries". taking these calls as priority 1-888-825-5225. how to say no
after 20 years of the dave ramsey show, one thing has always remained the same  the message:
come to our 20th anniversary party to get a limited edition @hatchshowprint poster signed by dave! #tdrs20 pic:
this morning @tomziglar presented a gift to dave in honor of 20 years on the radio. #tdrs20 pic:
planning for our 20th anniversary show is in full force. here's a sneak peek for our twitter fans! #tdrs20
for a limited time in dave's online store, you can get a free gift with a purchase of $25 or more!
our retirement and investing live chat is beginning right now! don't miss this opportunity:
@coveritlive 4p central
blake: @maxlucado will be live in-studio today w/ @daveramsey at 2:35p et/1:35p ct talking about #grace
feeling busy or exhausted? @jonacuff explains how to combat overload by building your own central park:
been a while since you went to fpu? it's all-new, and classes are starting all over the place!
attending catalyst atlanta? dont miss our own @jonacuff on the main stage october 4th! #catalyst
sorry...the retirement live chat is not today.  it's next wed 9/19 at 4p central at
rt @breakingnews: us markets close with dow at highest level since december 2007
@christinaciz @alishalowans @iheart radio app or @daveramsey app
@rrfarmer friday, september 28th
@martyschiff hey brother...just sent you a message on facebook when you have a chance to look. (blake)
blake: rabbi @daniellapin is live on the show talking "thou shall prosper" w/ @daveramsey. hardback only $14.99 today
@ttimbore love rt's from fans in mombasa, kenya!  thanks (blake)
hey fans in the nashville area, clear your calendar for sept. 28 to help us celebrate the show's 20th anniversary!
blake: dan miller of @48daysteam is live in-studio discussing his new book "wisdom meets passion"
blake: great hr w/ @rachelcruze!  looking for a fantastic speaker for teens, young adults or parents? rachel's info:
blake: don't miss @rachelcruze (dave's daughter) today on the show from 3-4p et/2-3p ct talking college and money!
check out this awesome deal on dave's fpu classic 13-week online home study. just $59 for today only! 
watch @daveramsey live w/ @teamcavuto (@foxnews) today at 4:40p et/3:40p ct.
make sure to enter dave's credit card payoff giveaway every day until august 30th for a chance to win $6,576!
steve: whoa! @daveramsey is giving away $6576. why $6576? find out here, and enter every day until the drawing on 8/31
blake: do you have a favorite memory or call from the show?  email it to us at daveonair@daveramsey.com
blake: we're live!  open phones today 1-888-825-5225
blake: did you listen to dave on the radio as a kid and now have your own family who's on the plan? email us at daveonair@daveramsey.com
blake: we're taking business and leadership questions only this hour! 1-888-825-5225 @entreleadership
blake: in case you missed our interview w/ ny mets all-star pitcher @radickey43, here's the audio!
blake: ny mets all-star pitcher @radickey43 is on live w/ @daveramsey now!  check his new book for special price!
blake: we're live from the lake house today. 1-888-825-5225
blake: watch @daveramsey w/ @teamcavuto (on @foxnews) at 4:40p et/3:40p ct. topic = rent vs. buy
rt @jacobhutcher: @daveramsey what was that book about adoption you mentioned the other day? //"adopt without debt" by @juliegumm
blake: employers posted the most job openings in 4 years in june. (labor dept)
@rolandoarroyo19
blake: we are live from the lake house! 1-888-825-5225
blake: open phones 1-888-825-5225
blake: loans to parents for the college education of children have jumped 75% since the 2005-2006 academic year. (nacba)
steve: get into the olympic spirit! find out what elite athletes like michael phelps can teach us.
blake: lady called.  husband died of an aneurysm 2 weeks ago at the age of 30.  do you have your life insurance in place?  another reminder.
we are live!  call 1-888-825-5225 / email daveonair@daveramsey.com
steve: want a little peek at the new fpu? watch this! who's excited to take the new course this fall?
blake: 12 million americans take out  an average of 8 payday loans per year w/ an average interest rate of 391% (pew)
blake: tune in! @jonacuff is live in-studio talking "quitter" and the upcoming quitter conference!
blake: watch @daveramsey on @teamcavuto (@foxnews) at 4:40p et/3:40p ct.  topic = does govt contribute to your success?
rt @justinhancock: @ramseyshow very motivational show so far today, loving it!//thanks justin!  it's these testimonies on fpu!
blake: as a parent, would you allow your 8th grader to spend $130 on sunglasses for their brother's gift if they had it?
steve: have you ever had a question you would like to hear dave answer on the radio? tweet your questions here and we'll pick a few!
blake: "when broke people are making fun of your financial plan, you're on the right track!" @daveramsey
blake: live from the lake house again today!  here's a classic pic of @daveramsey and his dog maggie water skiing!
blake: we're live from the lake house today!  here's a pic of @daveramsey barefoot'n w/ world champion @keithstonge
blake:  joe mihalic (harvard mba grad) is on w/ @daveramsey.  paid off $91k in student loans in 7 months!!!
steve: why not make this independence day the day you follow a plan to declare your freedom ... from debt?
steve: did you know about daves free investing guide? its got everything you need to know to start investing! 
steve: have you ever wanted to have your financial question answered by dave on the radio show? tweet us your questions!
blake: "even i get car fever.  saw a porsche the other day and had to go home and take a cold shower!" @daveramsey
blake: if you lost your job/income today, how long could you survive w/ no debt? week(s), month(s), year(s)?
@andreschavez 1080 krld 8-10p
blake: watch @daveramsey on cnn's @pierstonight talking about the economy and taking viewer questions at 9p et/8p ct.
steve: have you ever wanted to hear dave answer your question on the radio show? tweet us your questions and we'll pick a few to answer!
rt @jereputnam: @ramseyshow where are you in dfw?//never fear!  m-f from 8-10p on @krld dallas-fort worth! tune in tonight!
happy father's day to all you dads out there!  -from the dave ramsey show team
blake: what's the dumbest thing you've ever done w/ $?  once had a caller that financed a monkey. chimp payments. #stupidtax
steve: summer is in full swing so it's time to break out @marthas_place (dave's dir of guest relations) key lime pie.
steve: just recently introduced to dave ramsey? start with the basics here
@soapyhb thanks for listening in australia chris!
steve: how many times a week do you tune in to dave's show? tweet us up!
steve: have you cut up all your credit cards? what are you waiting on? find those scissors and start changing your life today!
@kristinjessup thanks for listening online kristin!
@mossey716 congrats michael!
@erikmichael multi-tasking, we like it erik. thanks for listening.
steve: less than 15 minutes until the fpu sneak peek!  join us online for the live-chat here 
steve: brand new to this dave ramsey guy? learn the basics here
steve: still interested in the strong fathers, strong daughters 30-day challenge? we have excerpts from the book here
rt @twofootfred: on @ramseyshow live! hear @daveramsey interview me live about my book at 3:35p et/2:35p ct! #fredhead
blake: student loan debt hit $904 billion up from $241 billion a decade ago. that's up 275% since the same period in 2003.  cnn money
steve: question for college students and/or their families. do you have student loans currently? if so, did your school promote them to you?
steve: did you miss the live-chat with yesterday's radio show guest, dr. meg meeker? log in and replay it here
steve: bring your questions to our 30 min live chat with dave's on-air guest today, dr. meg meeker. log in at 2pm cdt
blake: don't miss one of our favorite guests today!  @megmeeker talking parenting w/ @daveramsey and you from 2-3p et. #sfsd30
rt @megmeeker i'll be speaking with my friend @daveramsey tomorrow at 1:00p ct about my 30 day challenge to fathers. #sfsd30
steve: if you are hitting the road for the long weekend, stay safe out there!
steve: taking in a summer ballgame with the family? here's 6 ways to enjoy a sporting event while on a budget.
blake: don't miss john mackey (ceo/founder of whole foods) on the show today at 4:35p et/3:35p ct. @entreleadership
blake: catch @michaelhyatt live in-studio today w/ @daveramsey at 2:35p et/1:35p ct talking about his new book #platformbook
blake: 40% of students underestimated how much they owed, and one in eight didn't even realize they had debt. -isu study
@aclarke58 exactly aileen!
steve: have you taken advantage of daves popular $10 sale? 50 items for $10 or less!
@craig_mcdade no matter what the debt, follow dave's baby step plan and you will succeed
blake: catch @daveramsey w/ @teamcavuto on fox news at 4:40p et/3:40p ct.  talking about facebook stock.
@nonstickglue @twbirthday  thanks!
steve: wallet feeling a little empty? read these tips for turning your household junk into cash
steve: vacation travel myths get debunked, on
steve: fpu homestudy edition is on sale at the lowest price ever offered! only $119! 
happy mother's day to all our fans who are moms!  thanks for all you do. -dave, blake, lara and matt.
blake: do you like all this small biz and leadership talk today?  for more of it...follow @entreleadership  for daily motivation!
steve: we have a great deal in our store right now. over 50 items to choose from, all for just $10 or less! 
steve: turn your household junk into cash! 
blake: the average 15-year fixed rate mortgage is 3.07%, down from the record of 3.11% set three weeks ago!
@revryanc way to go ryan!
@verdicchio love the shoe!
steve: today on
blake: soul detox: i'll have what she's having...why do we all too often look to what others have?
blake: 31% of adults who have combined assets with a spouse say theyve lied about money (58% of them say they hid cash). -wsj
steve: college done. degree in hand. no job. what's a recent graduate to do? find out
steve: 5 steps to make the leap to your dream job 
steve: did you know the dave ramsey show has an iphone app? check it out here
@iramccullars good job ira. keep at it!
@luvdancedream yes!
follow @blakesbumps for a daily playlist of songs played on the dave ramsey show!  link posted daily to listen to them too!
@ableds2 good job angie!
blake: tune in! @daveramsey is talking w/ his daughter/speaker @rachelcruze the rest of the hr. on surviving college financially!
rt @jteasler: @ramseyshow what if you mixed @blakesbumps with some zig ziglar zingers//only chuck norris could handle hosting that combo!
blake: 37% of men and 56% of women acknowledge having lied to their partner about money. -msn.com survey
steve: do you have an nfl-size debt problem. let's hope not. read more at
blake: let's go predators!
steve: term life vs. whole life insurance? jeff zander answers the most-asked questions about this necessity
steve: dave is giving away a free kids audio book. great for those long spring break and summer vacation car trips!
ppr rt @jdotkimmy: @jimcramer definitely not gordon. must start now. is it ppr or standard? i'd say, ppr fitz and standard, djax.
sorry i inflict fantasy on many but i do love it and my #ff friends, @adamschefter; @fantasy_guru ; @matthewberrytmr and @evansilva .. thanks!
you bet it is, championship beckons! rt @ckaiser47: @mikekinneyhs @jimcramer big night for the hilltoppers!!!! #oldschoolironhills
obamacare fear: dare to compare plans? - @mainstr
chatting about the number--what's key--not over 250,000 which was the whisper ...
much obliged rt @beachbum: can't wait for this book! rt @jimcramer: my new book #getrichcarefully. details here:
yep, read with gusto! rt @jthomaswalkup: @jimcramer @shindigevents hey colonel, is it an audiobook yet? (i drive a lot!)
let's talk! enter to #win a @shindigevents video chat with me for my new book #getrichcarefully. details here:
fabulous call made by @herbgreenberg in $tst's
super idea, a personally inscribed one.. thank you! rt @laxxoxo: @jimcramer @bnbuzz will your book ever be a prize for #nailthenumber
going over to the exchange now to give my speech as part of our deal conference i have been tweeting about.
yes rt @bradzipkin: @jimcramer  if china mobile has 700m users does that double the apple potential
i second that! rt @kelly_evans: it's all up to you, q4 sales......
yes!!! t/y rt @pbanik: @jimcramer you're also right about $goog being the cheapest in terms of valuation compared to $fb, $lnkd and $twtr.
internet comes roaring back.. just insanity today.. $yhoo still so good but $goog's relentless, too. going big data and tequila tonight!
so deserving rt @davespadaro: and jones is the first #eagles special teams player to win nfc player of the week honors in back-to-back weeks
for what, spring training ? rt @captainsrogers: @jimcramer the yankees spending big $ is a very bullish leading indicator
no, not really rt @kidspouseme: @jimcramer any thoughts on $intc here?
i have! rt @lookatyeti: @jimcramer: $aapl still only up 6% for the year. yea should have bet on $goog instead
when you like stocks like $eog, $pxd, $clr, $nbl, you don't tell people to sell them when they spike. you want them owned...
$vfc cheapest rt @4pups: @jimcramer $vfc, $kors, or $vnce / $nke - maybe all of 'em ?
cause texans are pathetic  rt @iamareck: @jimcramer why would you even say jags d???
smart people telling me belichik can shut down gordon. debating sitting gordon and playing lev bell as flex @fantasy_guru ..help!
steelers need that win rt @yminsights: @jimcramer steelers d for sure, mia weak offense, det can put up points and so can the saints,
as among panthers d, eagles d, steelers d and jags d (thursday curse) who would you play?
i said on cc they have data saying no impact--$amzn rt @ericfla2:  jim are you kidding when you say sales tax wont hurt amazon..
staying focused rt @kadingis:  what, do you tweet with your toes? you're everywhere at once! have a great day, jc. @squawkstreet
denver or pats in super bowl--not sure which
why don't you tell me why i should like it? rt @kinikanik: @jimcramer what do you think of $pdli?
expensive, we working on it for mad money  rt @tom_tdweeks2002: wondering about the container store ipo/@jimcramer
like the saints have so far rt @joey40404: @jimcramer how do you think $ctl will perform 6-12 months out??
i wrote about it..rt @greenwichtrade: why did no one mention bac settlement with fannie mae? always the bad news never mention the good!!!!
you may be in a relationship with a financial bully

will #cybermonday make up for a disappointing #thanksgiving weekend?:

pack of lies! rt @kinikanik: @jimcramer @mrauch3389 graham will be shutdown by the seahawks d..
some think it is cough medicine rt @johnwlucey:  lagavulin a bit harsh the time i had it.   perhaps i should try it again.
nope, still cheaper than $csco rt @muggs_young: . $alu is up 22% since i bought it. is it time to #ringtheregister ? @jimcramer #madtweets
tasty but i like peat: lagavulin 18 rt @partnermatthew: @jimcramer macallan 18 is my staple whisky but i do enjoy jameson from time to time.
$gme best rt @lovgrenj: #cramerq @jimcramer $bby or $gme? which do you like better through the holidays and next year?
surprise manda deals #2014
would love to do this rt @jonathanwachob: i want to see jim host a fantasy football series... it's not much different then stock picking :)
2 v-different questions; yes and no rt @kingsleypaul1: @jimcramer would you buy amazon jim ?. is it worth $400 ?.
$gs wrong on $trv downgrade rt @carlquintanilla: least active atlantic hurricane season in more than 30 years.
don't read it rt @gregorykanter: did you get a chance to read that fine article in barron's this week profiling $ttwo and it's amazing ceo.
get into investing first, ok? rt @ricktheant: if someone wanted to get into trading, which of your books do you think he should read first?
with mentor and great friend bill gruver, professor of management at bucknell and conscience of $gs at game
halftime at the #eagles ; great time to review the charts !
almond milk now number one at thedebaryinn !
many a time and always for the carnival at summer's end  rt @tomek922: @jimcramer @andyshaw21 ever visit czestochowa in doylestown?
today is the last day to enter to #win a copy of my new book #getrichcarefully in time for holidays!
truth: you would never buy a stock if you use it rt @pbanik:  security analysis by dodd and graham,  should be the best investing book.
#getrichcarefully isnt out yet the 1 thing you cant buy on black friday- but you can enter to win it here
the war on thanksgiving: pilgrim's regress? - @mainstr
happy thanksgiving! rt @artwashburn: @jimcramer  10 years ago u did this 4 me. thank you.  all the best from the 804.
i change it up! rt @aryeh_nyc: in the beginning of #mm you say my job is to save you money and st you say make you some money. which is it?
we will try not to let you down! rt @ozzieclub: @jimcramer jim, i just signed up and can't wait to use all your services.
don't sweat it; haven't, won't. trt @jgusto: please don't mention bitcoin on your show, i can't take anymore bitcoin talk!!! @cnbc
so lukcy!!!rt @herbgreenberg: salad fixins from chino's
me, too!  rt @chadschlomer: @jimcramer sure would be nice to read get rich tomorrow :(  patiently waiting!!!!!
same to all! trt @rsmithinc: @jimcramer have a great holiday!   your advice/ thought appreciated as always! been a good year...so far.
i don't like $csco and it is losing share to others...rt @tcarter02: @jimcramer what is going on with $csco? is it a sell, buy, or hold?
i may be mad, but am i crazy? $1 buys all of thestreets stock picks until #newyearseve 
$yhoo b/c of alibaba rt @sjrogers18: @jimcramer $ebay, $msft, $yhoo which do like best to buy long
i dont know, how about by buying the stock?  rt @stevecie: @jimcramer  how should i play lcc ?
sorry to be so right. i will strive harder to be more wrong for you. rt @rossteich: @jimcramer  you recommended to your viewers wday??
$cmi is a much better company. don't mess around with less..rt @brentnmeg: @jimcramer what's your take on paccar?
i like $lnkd here rt @steven_thill: jc - help me out with lnkd. i have been buying puts on thus 25billion mkt cap stock and keep losing.
many thanks to @scottpelley and the terrific people at the committee to protect journalists for another eye-opening evening. much to do!
in what? the fall weather? maybe rt @u233tech: @jimcramer @yudi416 are you calling the top?
i think i drive the haters crazy. most of the time i "favorite" them which drives 'em up a wall. i love it. they think i didn't read them!
things i won't do: hide the negatives, dismiss (courteous) critics and ignore my mistakes. i shine a light on them as you know if you watch
homey no play that game rt @jr_gam: with the close today already polarizing technicians, simple over/under: $aapl at 550 on december 31st?
saturday is the last day to enter to win a signed copy of #getrichcarefully in time for xmas (before it hits stores!)
get top-down growth views from mngmnts of companies on their conf calls. caterpillar and alcoa are best #getrichcarefully
i am on board with this rt @jdr1024: @guyadami @jimcramer pulled the trigger and bought some $gme right here.
my take on hain, sprouts markets and men's warehouse's latest bid
love this spirited and rigorous $tsla defense ! rt @infennonlabs: why are these idiots selling #tsla are they that blind? @jimcramer
i am celebrating the tweet ad hominem viciousness today! rt @thillygirl: @jimcramer can you shut up when someone else is talking?!  so rude.
tough game booyah! rt @prn927: @jimcramer big texas aandm booyah jim!
how i'm playing the iran nuclear deal

with whipped cream? rt @flacqua: dramatic dinner party vs. norwegian waffles. your pick?
sending you donner party cook book rt @zatoichi7: @jimcramer @squawkstreet sorry cramer. i would not even buy a cook book from you!
hmm, i said friday's almost always up rt @jweil130: @jimcramer didnt u say on your week ahead seg, sell into wednesday...
isis mobile wallet: is it for you? - @mainstr
if i am mean for not buying my daughter a $tsla so be it!  call me grinch!
huge
thanks chief!!!rt @ivornewname: @jimcramer you killing it today jimmy,big up north face,from a uk follower.peace brother.
i often like a reason for shorting a stock before i do it rt @joelagro67: @jimcramer what are your thoughts on $dis ? should i short?
real smart guy, real smart..rt @guyjohnsontv: thanks to @adamposen for a great conversation this morning.
not 68.3?66.8? rt @beckyquick: from $gs (via @morningmoneyben ):"we assign a 67% probability sandp 500 declines by 10% at some point in 2014."
played both! huge !! rt @orsocapital: @jimcramer told you to play fitzgerald instead of tavon. blue chip outperformed the cult 17-15. lol.
slice of heaven in bristol rt @jeffbruder: @jimcramer how cool was a football sunday at espn?
greatest on earth with the smartest, nicest people.. amazing.. rt @mrwinston23: @jimcramer @adamschefter @espnnfl ultimate man cave!
thanks to the best reporter in the biz,  @adamschefter who made this fabulous @espnnfl day happen !
yes, and it is heaven rt @brianstevens_: @jimcramer are you in the famed war room?!??!!!
with world's best reporter @adamschefter in most exciting place on earth @espnnfl
brain trust! @espnnfl
$jnj rt @retankerman: jim, huge fan. long story short, lost a lot of $ jumping in and out.please tell me a name i should buy/hold for year+!
no rt @shagbag88: @jimcramer jim can you show a giants fan some love with little $$$ to invest? whats your best under $10 stock? #madtweets
some, but $xom, $cvx get hit... buy $lcc, $dal rt @ed_fixedcostlaw: @jimcramer - market bump with iran deal???
$gnw better now rt @scotmarburger: @jimcramer picked up nice gain since you recommended rdn, but does it have more to run?
thanks so much! rt @shawn_lenahan: @jimcramer @jippylarue @keywestphotog cramer helped me make 45% last year.  not bad !
1. eagle ford, 2. bakken, 3. permian, 4. niobrara rt @netman09: midland/odessa is not where all the #jobs are @jimcramer. .
why buy canned soups? my supermarket makes great fresh ones! rt @jimmyveritas: @jimcramer processed food sucks!!
that's exactly what i am doing. rt @seppenation: @jimcramer hey!!! are you catching up on some sleep this weekend skiii daddy??!!
check archives everywhere rt @flightphase: @jimcramer what's your take on tfm after the recent dive....buy?
total wait for pullback situation. we got great chance after last q rt @rmt834: @jimcramer  does $dis still have room to run
$xlnx or $lrcx better, much better  rt @schwaschmidt: @jimcramer @pbjosephs boo, choose $nvda or $qcom
not a great short, $ll, still doing numbers. like $tsco and $ulta lrt @stock_addict: @jimcramer opinion on the ll short??
v- excited about this book-technical fundies, you name it rt @drewweber36: @jimcramer just perorder your new book.  can not wait to read it.
liked it for ages. what am i to do? rt @countingcrowds: @jimcramer 's (possessive before gerund) recommending $bby up 300% ytd
probably goes up for a couple of more days rt @iannelson9: @jimcramer hi jim...do you like $vnce at this level around $28.50?
$mo has consistently done the numbers and is not a sale rt @mson24: @jimcramer jim earlier you said pm is a sell so is mo also a sell
spruce up your holiday table @marilencawad and @mainstr
@davidfaber will be breaking news.. which will have impact, @squawkstreet . you must put us on to get it. can't dvr it !
$biib, $celg, $regn, $gild recharged and ready to roar!!!
and the products? rt @allthingsd: apple scores a c in david einhorn's capital allocation exam -by @johnpaczkowski
it would be something if oil never gets to $90. universally i heard it would go through there. group's a buy...
b/c it can't be condensed to 140 characters rt @ironcitycollins: your new book looks good but tell me in 140 characterss why i should buy it
rising student loan debt poses this major risk @mainstr
wells will figure it out. he's the bestrt @adamschefter: independent investigator ted wells now is meeting with dolphins g richie incognito.
not as good as $hd rt @biasottit: what's your take on lowe's (low)? i went all in on my 401k (i'm an employee) at $18 and have done well.
homes are selling faster  here's how you should play it
the retirement secret no one's telling you @mainstr
totally rt @ricksparber: @jimcramer @geoffrothman @tickerville @nbcuniversal bald is beautiful.
stop fretting the "cult" label. it's ok. you have to own the label if you own these kinds of stocks. you have a right to overpay for stocks!
no, not at all. valuation wasn't that expensive  rt @jonblumenthal:  @jamtime4 wasn't apple a cult stock once?  (and isn't it still?)
no, it's b/c people are worried about the assets rt @pbanik: @jimcramer. sdt has a high payout because it's not a regular dividend stock.
i chipped it on the soundboard once rt @david5330: @jimcramer why do you take your watch off during the lightening round? #madtweets
you can't judge a company by its own cover; you have to judge it by the sector's cover #getrichcarefully
staying focused on the market and the first place #eagles!
i feel same! rt @garybinnyc: @jimcramer jc we gotta wait till dec 30 for your book to drop? ugh that's an eternity!
oil must bottom.. rt @m_m_b_g: @jimcramer is $eog done? after a good qtr and good guidance, stock is down ~10%.
oil price coming down plus increased skepticism about the permian prospects rt @bdcrow: @jimcramer  why the selling in $pxd?
no, but i would start the late great bob hayes over him! rt @bengodfrey: @hampenvelo @jimcramer would you start usain bolt over austin?
yes you would have!!! rt @erinhyang: @infullbloomus @laceyhig @workday @aneelb @jimcramer would have loved to be a fly on that wall!
+1! mt @elonmusk: thanks! @rocco_thestreet: excellent comments on this @elonmusk thing via @youtube and @google plus!
thanks so much! rt @byrnetscm: @jimcramer looking forward to the new book. confessions of a street addict is still one of my favorite reads.
enter to #win a signed copy of my new book #getrichcarefully before it hits stores!!
remains one of my favorite stocks rt @vito_sabbatino: @jimcramer you were right jnj going to $95
est-ce que tu as le cafard? drat-i don't know what i'm saying. read this!
the point of $crm and obamacare is that you need to be customer centric not it centric--it's about selling the consumer--$crm's wheelhouse
most ambitious book yet.. how to make money long-term rt @skdsleary: @jimcramer can't wait to read it! #getrichcarefully #cantwait !
thank you so much! rt @woody20121: @jimcramer great show today- i am making my eleven year old watch it tonight!
drew houston huddles with marc benioff at $crm's dreamforce talking dropbox
the second video from my book #getrichcarefully is now up on the site! watch it here:
coming to me regular time.. staying focused... people want total anti-bubble talk.. maybe they want lower prices
best time! fab! rt @scottwapnercnbc: great game at the linc today.  nobody more loyal to his team than @jimcramer. #purepassion.  #eagles.
so many kids in the box! rt @carlquintanilla: next generation of @nfl. #eagles @ lincoln financial field
staying focused! e a g l e s eagles!!
this jersey's terrific, i can pull off foles' name and vick's name is underneath!!! the question mark looks like a 7 or a 9!
wore trotter to chiefs loss rt @seedseries: @jimcramer trotter jersey could do it. don't deny the twitterverse  a pic of your decision!
yes, until we win, we are questionable rt @mattgreer: @jimcramer  is that a question mark on your #eagles jersey?
until foles is officially named #eagles qb call me a skeptic while it serve at thedebaryinn !
but benching dalton and going with alex smith!! irt @espnnfl: aj green has set a @bengals record with 5 straight 100-yard receiving games.
buy $rbs, get ulster bank for free! much better rt @bluejayslee: @jimcramer how about a long term outlook for the bank of ireland $ire ??
some good forecasts here rt @jcarlamere: predictions to @jimcramer game plan .. best buy/homedepot/dicks all miss and drop 1% or more lower
no rt @delthompo: @jimcramer looks like a lot of shoppers for $zu ipo, but is it worth the buy now?
really like $hig here rt @kstipe: @jimcramer for a financials pick which do you like more $bx , $hig , or $pgr ? i only want to keep one
the haters are deeply concerned with hating, and nothing more rt @jamlink1: jim the ones that hate have missed the move...for four years.
if you hate the market, if you think that yellen's bad, and qe is bad, and the economy is bad, then why don't you go short? why not???
when many say to me "it ends bad," or "the fed will cause inflation" i say: "well go short then for heaven's sakes. but they don't! cowards!
if there is a material decline in q, legally it's a must to do-$csco  rt @robvanbergenjr: pre-announce, and your stock gets nailed twice.
don't look at me; good question rt @sfphotoman: @jimcramer this stock has done nothing in 13 years. how does chambers keep his job????
how to help the philippines
money-launderer's delight rt @benjamin_widder: what is your take on #bitcoin @jimcramer ?
$alu rt @gary500k: @jimcramer  $vod is about to spend billions building out 4g in europe. which equipment providers will benefit?
$line getting one step faster to closing the berry pete deal--very bullish for that charitable trust name..
health care unit at $kmb very valuable. i am a huge buyer of tom falk, he's so pro-shareholder...unwavering support here..
student aid and the sequester: a gathering storm
oh my! @herbgreenberg on why a shellacking would be good for twitter's stock 
imagine that i am the color man in the booth--it's the bears, 1939 and sid luckman goes to the air. i am trying to call that from the booth!
rt @thestreet .@jimcramer's 'mad money' recap: bears overwhelmed
is $yum really faltering--people really skeptical about david novak's bullishness in last night's #mm interview...
don't hang your hat on that! rt @bqgill: @jimcramer is yellen blasting the market to the moon today?
student loan borrowers who prepay suffer
oh give me a break--you have to listen to the call. it is what you do. rt @ryanrodgers12:  nice call on $csco. dropping like a rock
in truth for reed to clear waivers says that perhaps, not everyone's too excited here--kind of like t.o. ...
why the world would stop spinning without apple, amazon and starbucks: 
you are thinking right, $sbux rt @dfandrb: @jimcramer think teavana in india, china, and japan.
only the bad part rt @ezraklein: is corporate america too focused on the short-term?
how about now? tweeters want to see that screen shot! they are in suspense! in the dark! rt @herbgreenberg: @jimcramer wize guy
lower! rt @doctor_the: @jimcramer is there still room available for a trip with gogo? i want on that trip but winder how far thwy can go.
all relative rt @onemanzu: @carlquintanilla @jimcramer @cnbc these gas prices arent low! theyre tolerable at best!
bad for business, frankly.. baltic dry freight going lower rt @bigjoebegs: @jimcramer any thoughts on china's new "reform" plan?
does $wfc actually want its stock down? they sure work hard to do it. my charitable trust owns it and i am getting sick of the negatives
congratulations, you are going to be fabulous! so happy! rt @saraeisenfx: excited to announce i'm moving on. will start at @cnbc dec 16.
no, i was going to double down!rt @marketfried: haha...love the bipolar cramer...were you contemplating leaving like kass for a period?
too fattening....rt @bailey702: @jimcramer i hope you took the stone crabs home.
going over outrageous arbitration deal with $sbux/$mdlz--if $sbux gets hit, it is a buy. i still don't like $mdlz...
almost 100% of the time. they are so vitriolic and ad hominem rt @benstcil: @jimcramer and u always get the haters on down days i noticed..
i got old; no more coasters--boy we had a grand time. dads take your kids on as many coasters as you can, they day will come when it ends...
bonds rolling over again..
monster secondary, lets see where it is priced rt @lifelesstoo: @jimcramer any thoughts on taking a long position on $tmus?
$aapl--more on it this morning at $tst but it is not about financial engineering-it is about new products that crush samsung and others....
thank you! rt @timbarreras: thank you @jimcramer for opening up your studio to us on friday. it was an honor to be there.
remember, besides tweeting i answer so many of these queries on $tst and mad money. please recognize it's more thoughtful there than here
very tempting.. very ...rt @lovgrenj: hey jimmy @jimcramer i wonder why $wfm isn't part of the aap portfolio at this level?
red flags continue to fly over $bdbd, says @herbgreenberg on @thestreet! 
think you could be the second #nextgreatstockpickr?
no, b/c i can't talk or write about it why bother rt @dougsalzman: @jimcramer @bsteph12 do you follow at thing under a $1 jim?
it was all bell rt @entrepreneur: @jimcramer booyah!  nice throw/catch #eagles
under $1 rt @bsteph12: @jimcramer you are against penny stocks! but aren't siri and amd penny stocks? what's your def of penny stock
thanks!! rt @evansilva: imo leveon and stacy are really close despite what recent box scores say. both + starts. you love the zac. start him.
ouch! rt @paulshahen:  cramer? bench lacy. consult me before saying things like that. i don't give ppl stock advice for a reason...
bench lacy; gb might fall behind rt @evansilva: @jimcramer cruz is listed as probable. so let's scratch randle off. he is too boom or bust.
munich: the price of peace telford taylor--amazing book. daughter gave me rt @ryan_j_ferguson: @jimcramer what are you reading?
stock goes even higher! rt @hugolindgren: wow, look at this freaky deaky office of mark parker, ceo, $nike
pop volunteered and served with general walter krueger, 6th army, pacific and loved him .nine hot landings for pop and never a complaint.
he is total real deal.. street way too negative on $clx.rt @nowacurmudgeon: @jimcramer i like what the clx boss says!!!
i will. funny, he never thinks he should be thanked for doing what he knew to do! rt @jedi509: @jimcramer tell you dad thank you.
not enough press/talk about these termination of health care plans--really was very misleading by the white house
yesterday's reversal knocked a lot of stocks--the goal today is to figure out which shouldn't have been knocked. see you at 9 at post nine
the fabulous alicia keys at #kcablackball; blackball tenth anniversary of keep a child alive
same pattern as all of the dotcoms, the first price is not the highest, it then goes up then plunges back to where it came, it must hold!
remember when i said $28 when it was $14 i was called irresponsible.. now $47 and people are comfortable.. give me a break: $twtr
#twitteripo be responsible--no responsible professional wants this...
$twtr--ground zero
most crowded i have seen it. i am sure people will say "top top top"  $twtr
perfect analogy rt @willmeltron: @jimcramer @evansilva i have a feeling we get joe webbed
fabulous cross-currents today-ecb remains total bull about markets..with that cut..
$qcom, $wfm set an ugly tone. will we get more growth slaughter again??? feels like it
well done; just what i wanted u to do rt @jpwalsh012: @jimcramer sold $wfm before earnings with intentions of getting back in on  pullback.
discussing on tonight's mad money rt @pgmeador: @jimcramer what in the world is going on with regn?
bob, good to hear from you!  will be great! rt @bobdavishcp: looking forward to discussing twitter tomorrow morning on @squawkcnbc
$cuda's got heart! rt @wendynatdell: @jimcramer oh yea, cuda baby!
yes i am fired up!!!!!!!! today is a day to come to play!!!
@kaylatausche thanks for the shout out--yep $40 is within the realm of what we don't want to see but $gs hardpressed to keep it lower; $twtr
mt @thestreettv: "i won't endorse the #twitteripo at a market cap over $20 billion." here's why:
be careful! lrt @carlquintanilla: 16 ipo's this week ... busiest single week since 2006, says @bobpisani. $twtr
$nflx, $tsla, $scty, $amzn--is there a price "they" won't pay?
endless trash-talking by rank amateurs  rt @apelonero: @jimcramer it pains your supporters when you are attacked.  a downside to twitter.
i get attacked for pretty much everything lately, but i'll defend myself against the ones that people know i got very right for a long time
same w/ bell, but he's winning for me. playing stacy, lacy, shady 4 sun. rt @evansilva: @jimcramer could be. he's good. his teammates arent.
sick of this-said buy $12 -sell $15 then short it--it was a great call.rt @cmcmfin: #lololol 'cramer: buy blackberry at $12'
yes, i believe! rt @manuscranny: @jimcramer now jim i'm from n ireland and a true optimist on a good day - but turn around in ulster bank?
great to see @deseanjackson10 at courtside cheering on the 3-10 '6ers!
liking energy here--$oxy, $nbl on break-outs going higher..
co. doing quite well now.. rt @fdufullback40: hey @jimcramer quick question, i've been on the fslr boat for a couple of months now.
thanks rt @smallfoodbiz: what's your purpose? how multi-millionaire jim cramer is relevant for small business owners 
i think this is a good level and it goes much higher rt @johnbolaris: @jimcramer just want your opinion jnj entry point now for jnj ..
too good to be true? rt @iverson3: @jimcramer how bout them sixers
good call ... rt @w6va: @jimcramer @rock_rogers i would guess that jc has enough money to pay for his meal.
fabulous back-to-back meals at the modern and wolfgang's steakhouse--park avenue  friday and saturday night!  and what great people at both!
done! rt @evansilva: i'd go le'veon. os are attacking pats d with the run. lost nt wilfork, lb mayo, and will be w/o dt kelly again this week.
tough call v. stacy! rt @gig_em_ute: @jimcramer jim, picked up bell.  thinking he might have a big game at ne.  you starting him?
i am playing desean this week but the black hole is a formidable place to play and i think the raiders are for real
it was so much fun! love mike--love that show rt @cj_816: @jimcramer great segment with mike on @wfan660 just now
sign up to watch me speak live at #tde2014
they have become very inconsistent rt @soontobehof: @jimcramer what's up with lulu? another quality issue! is it time to jump ship?
huh? they down big!  rt @bigzsurfboards: housing stocks are in a bubble. directly affected by interest rates and mbs. yes there are bubbles
i know, i felt bad for people who played him! rt @awoloz: @jimcramer 13 isn't as bad as the -1.1 i got last week from mike vick :(
lights out....
kid with game stays in the picture!
i am almost out of candy. can you give k-cups?
i look too much like lenin to do that! rt @robert1288: @jimcramer you should go as leon trotsky #leontrotsky
check out who else will be speaking at #tde2014
nah, brett, tired red sox fan! i gotta get up in a few! rt @brettarends: @jimcramer yankees fan?
could autonomous cars drive the future?
rt @thestreet this may be a gift-wrapped entry - @jimcramer
my dems? rt @stockmarket_kid: who do u think is preventing:debt/spending and corptax cuts, balanced budget, repat foreign capital? your dems
ken langone is so smart! he likes all of the great ones: $ph, $etn--$etn stuff doesn't break!!
writing on this point this morning! thirt @m_m_b_g: @madmoneyoncnbc @jimcramer $cmi $gt...buying opp after a rough day?
the government can't seem to seal this off  @mainstr
are realtors worth the price? @mainstr
it's a buy! my trust owns it rt @jaysherman412: @jimcramer $f reported great earnings...why has it fallen back?
$fb--i think this negative advertiser survey was leaked yesterday...
$cmi-tempting to buy tomorrow after analyst downgrades..
i think these european bank capital raises will weigh on the european markets for the moment..
your wish; my command! rt @aleopiero: @jimcramer the apple results are good. i'm looking forward to you supporting the company.
how #hurricanesandy taught the #nyse some lessons in electronic backup
what words? i am not all that hungry; had big salad for lunch!rt @amouflage10: @jimcramer god i can't wait for you to eat these words cramer
guys dropping like flies rt @adamschefter: broncos te julius thomas is scheduled to undergo an mri today on the ankle he sprained yesterday.
@davidfaber confirms eating at taco bell..$yum...
$wll says niobrara is 2x bakken, fabulous for $nbl, $apc...will be re-rated
$ebay has become too inconsistent rt @johnburkholder: @jimcramer hey jim...still like $ebay here?
trade iggles for 'em! rt @adamlevitan: things are only going to get uglier for steven jackson and the falcons. they're at car week 9..
we had a fabulous time--what couch is tebow on? rt @tmcgrath62: @jimcramer fun box today.... horrible game
it's been here for aes already! rt @cannonballben: @jimcramer how would you suggest someone invest in natural gas boom coming?
the box is rockin with @droz!
at last no blow-out in a big college game, ducks v. ucla, giving series a run for the money!
t/y! rt @leftfreddy: @cramerandlink @jimcramer nice call on $etn in this article!  i picked up some before it ran this morning. thanks!
i never do penny stocks rt @jeremykohl: @jimcramer neomedia... next big penny stock? i have 10,000 shares
kissing fishes at 6:40 p.m. on mad money
better costs, better sales rt @mike4172: @jimcramer thoughts on $deck?  shorts are a hurting trying to cover with it in a 15% pop
rt @thestreet stick with the best-of-breed stocks: @jimcramer's 'mad money' recap
love the socialist workers' party! rt @robert1288: @jimcramer i had pop tarts and milk tonight. #leontrotsky
remember: $tsla, $scty, $amzn, $nflx are stocks that some have decided do not need to be rated by eps--they are cult stocks.
fifty-fifty hate/love ratio today.. what's that about :)??
'brosurance' tries to sell obamacare: but will it work? - @mainstreet
get ready for the #3dprinter shakeout
put on @scottwapnercnbc to listen to @carl_c_icahn
love carl but let the stock alone ahead of the q!! rt @g2themitch: @jimcramer thoughts on carl and aapl?
not without restructuring rt @toreachbob: @jimcramer hey jim, can oxy still make it to 130 within a few months?
moms attic and the real costs of downsizing
we're in the age of the personal submarine @mainstr
$bry, target of the controversial $lnco/$line bid puts up great numbers. if $line gets sec approval it will be very good for $line.
my kind of town! rt @sullycnbc: good choice of shows at local hangouts here in williston @jimcramer
women's surprising no. 1 financial fear - mainstreet
no, joker, it doesn't  rt @shapadelic: @carlquintanilla @jimcramer @cnbc admit the trust owns coh
$coh really lost mojo--shoe initiative --not doing that well
$cop! rt @golfisfuntodo2: @jimcramer lake charles la absolutely booming with economic growth.
rt @thestreet: as @jimcramer's fantasy football world turns: recovering from week 7
the ailing healthcare marketplace: inside obamacare tech glitches - @mainstr
beware these top 10 investment threats - @mainstr
i like the giants tonight...rt @reland711: @jimcramer could be worse.  could be a giants fan.  lol
$13 billion for $jpm? cheap at any price.. even with criminal probe still on hook
eagles exhibiting total head and shoulders danger pattern and were simply unwatchable..sadly...
play only w/house $ rt @jlopas: $goog's jump today was great. almost playing with the house's money, as @jimcramer likes to say. do i sell?
sell 1/2 play with house's money! rt @hideflowcost: @jimcramer @madmoneyoncnbc as of today, up 200% since i invested in $ua!
brainwashed! vrt @jwhiteusaf: my 11 year old (in his romo jersey) is not impressed with your opinion of the #dallascowboys #americasteam
stuff is awesome, $pnra rt @stevethenuke: @jimcramer panera bread autumn squash soup - good pick
$wtsl to continue its turnaround for 6 months, then eye sale, source tells @thedealnewsroom
$kmp is for the patient rt @irgids: @jimcramer i see a reverse head and shoulders trend in $uri, but i don't see what you see in $kmp.
you will want to hear $kmp on the mlps and energy self-sufficiency and $uri on construction.. tonight on mad money
3 #ff busts!! rt @espnnfl: matt ryan, eli manning and roethlisberger will combine to make $55.1m in 2013. their teams are a combined 2-14.
do i start fitz tonight or kenbrell on sunday. given i have wayne and dejax going i really need your help here. #ff; @fantasy_guru says kt!
believe me no one in stocks wants to talk politics but if you aren't steeped in politics you will just be wrong all of the time.
yes, rick!! so deserving. very exciting for us! rt @ricksharga: hopefully, this will make @jimcramer feel better.
now you can invest in that flying car you always wanted - @mainstr
patriot party: i want entitlements cut much bigger than you do. i want taxes lowered. i want to redo socsec and medicare. what's with you?
juicing as medicinal alternative: can it save you money and a doctor's visit? - @mainstr
thank you--remember i want a deal and no default, so does the senate..rt @mdk5aday: @jimcramer you're a patriot and a great guy.
not positive enough--the super-de-doper party rt @davemason2k: @jimcramer jim, it's the super duper patriot party
@todayshow in ten minutes!!!debt, default..
$swk cites government woes as part of reason for downbeat forecast in otherwise good q.
stock prices won't really matter until this is resolved which is a shame because many companies were starting to do well...@todayshow , 7:06
i will be on the today show at approximately 7:06 to talk about debt downgrades and defaults!
house gop, not senate rt @grattman5:: rt @jimcramer: it's all of their fault, there is a deficit of leadership, but gop is acting foolishly.
what is he basing that on? makes no sense rt @protogenes5: @jimcramer jim i hear boehner say over and over again that we will not default.
i grow very tired of hearing that the president is at fault here. it is no longer holding up under close scrutiny..
today is the day to tend to your ira @mainstr
there are many followers who seem pro-default to starve the beast. i think the odds increased that you will win. congratz; feeling good?
the gop leadership must want a default to hinge things on the medical device tax. that says bring it on!...they must want a default.
i reiterate that this is house gop initiative is disastrous --it is a total non-starter ... they must be pro-default...
i've visited the silver mines; at one point biggest in world! rt @phippsjm: @jimcramer has found a bull market in silver in mexico.
2000 shows=tired! rt @tigernbham: good booyah morning jim!! you were gone so long i thought you got cut back to 28hrs a week.
i will be out again at thanksgiving and then christmas onlyrt @phippsjm: cramer are you really going to be out for 4 weeks? rerun monday?
she is a huge $crm fan! rt @nytimesbusiness: apple hires burberry c.e.o.
these will be loved until they are hated. no middle ground irt @adamplater613:cramer and another 3d printer going to ipo on thursday $vjet
join me while i take a day off in beautiful san miguel!
i got guys saying i take too many says off. what the heck? i am 58 and i will take four weeks off. you think i can do this with less? aargh!
i like chamber of commerce guy for this town!! rt @johnnytrades1: @jimcramer looks like your enjoying your place in mex too much
san miguel de allende beckons!!
frankly, i cannot believe those really are the gmen
most brilliant tweet of night rt @fantasy_guru: bears probably figured a pick-6 would be likely if they gave giants back the ball at the 2.
if you claim to me that you played brandon jacobs tonight i am going to call you a liar on my show
going up against cutler, but eli's doing a great job keeping bears offense off the field with these picks
some people call #asna maurice! you have to listen to this story on a day when $ltd and $gps blow up
$ar shows that the oil and gas plays are red hot..
rates going higher right on cue. amazing how the bear case is playing out now.......
they lent us the money; they bought our bonds! it matters rt @spiritrealms: cramer @rghall12 who do we owe $$$ to and why? is it china? why?
i like reasoned discourse! rt @rghall12: @jimcramer we agree yellen is a brilliant woman. just disagree on her fed policy. and bernanke's.
classic silliness rt @rj_trades: @noalpha_allbeta @jimcramer in reality probably 79.8 million of those already voted democrat to begin with.
it is starting to dawn on the parties that 80 million checks will not go out november 1 and no one will be re-elected...
what are the odds of a no deal situation in washington? tonight i give them...
think about your kids. would you be proud if yellen were your daughter? if not, you have real issues as a parent!
remarkable about how i get nothing but grief from gop, i am saying president must negotiate somehow.-must have plan.. lotta cranks here
raising possibility of technical default--10% goes to 20%. game of chicken feeling rebel without  a cause like now
eisner was under the dome with those comments!!! there, i went network...
love the godfather but michael eisner's taking it too far. maybe a little goodfellas? casino?
@morning_joe is where i love to be.. this is a terrific discussion.. candid, honest, civil, that's what we all want
harsh, but go listen to $aa call-i talking about it this a.m. on $tst, cnbc rt @kds_mgmt: @jimcramer face it jim your a kleinfeld groupie
i like $aa because it is magnificently run but it is a commodity company so it doesn't matter. but it has a great call to learn from ...
where to buy on cataclysmic days
catastrophic? check in with today at 7:00 a.m.;edt
don't forget coming on the today show at 7:03 a.m. edt
falcons bodies now inhabiting falcons uniforms
who are these players in the red uniforms? they aren't the falcons are they?
i am saying president has boxed himself in with no negotiation. it's pretty obvious some want default..
familiar with it  rt @ragincajunusa: @jimcramer gop duly elected majority in the peoples house.  ever read the constitution?  #madtweets
if i can't use the word "rejectionist" to describe people who reject raising the debt ceiling what term can i use? acceptionists?
i am not a buyer of much here--washington....rt @coderblix: @jimcramer a while back you said $jpm is 60 dollar stock.  are you a buyer
congrats to @brentcelek for making our day!! same with @deseanjackson10  for the @eagles!
you want to win fantasy--this site is go-to! rt @fantasy_guru: it's not good when don brown gets short tds over richardson.  good lord.
prepare to be nice rt @rocco_thestreet: man. if the giants beat the eagles, i'm being extra nice to @jimcramer tomorrow.
my plan had always been to sell stock going in to this, raise cash and put it back in as we careen to darkest before dawn
cash is king rt @eddieespo: thinking its a good time to jump on #axll and #twi. you agree? or keep my cash til we see what washdc does?
don't short $ba! b-17; and people worry about the 787
the best museum in works, wwii with german flak gun!!!
lotta truth in nola
thursday night curse is broken! i am coming in hot with 41 points from browns d and flash gordon #ff. thanks @adamschefter and @fantasy_guru
the feds want them in jail. the russian mob wants them dead. all new!! #americangreed: the fugitives 2nite 10p cnbc
check out the #tde2014 video page and my predictions from last year!
you are very welcome! rt @herbgreenberg: @jimcramer nice call!!!
my kids and i love $dpz. the no cheese pizza with banana peppers is terrific. sorry critics, but i like it very much...so do my kids
it's whatever the president argues, that's what it is rt @timabrussell: @jimcramer i believe you are misreading the 14th amendment
huge $bp victory last night..huge
subway sign found on #mad money set!
those days are long over  rt @baronfleximan: @jimcramer that's great!  don't throw it like you used to with your office chairs, etc.
thanks to @kookie3434 who orchestrated it so i didn't screw it up!! he is also a terrific #ff commissioner and a tribe fan!
.@jetblue joins the list of government #shutdown victims
thank you to all! so many gracious people tonight being so kind for #mm2k. got to hit sack so i can get 3:45 a.m. espn waiver wire for #ff
my old l.a. home!
unlike the federal government's monuments our monument to mad money's 2000th is open for you to see-across from federal hall!
bingo! rt @madmoneyoncnbc: join us in front of the @nyse today at 4 est! #mmwhy2k
z is ad-based, yes rt @jdjaffe: @jimcramer great piece on zillow.  but how does zillow make make money??  advertising??
i don't know a ceo who likes the affordable care act. but i also dont' know a ceo who is willing to say "to heck with it, come and get us."
#today show at 7 a.m,thanks  rt @burtrosenberg1: @jimcramer top of which hour, jim. 7 am?
don't forget to come down and see #mm2k tomorrow! we will make magic before your eyes in front of the exchange at 4 p.m. be there!
what does the end of #breakingbad mean for #amc and #netflix?
thnx! rt @madfaststreet: $bwld up over 175% since jim became bullish on 7/29/09 (over 25% annualized) most recent buy call on 9/13 #toptrade
peyton manning, tom brady,  the seattle d, rt @ddukcevich: @jimcramer who r ur fav industrials?
don't know how you do it, bg. love your book rt @bgtennisnation: @jimcramer welcome to being a raider fan that is our motto for last 13years
summit high school quarterback in for broncos!!! thank you, coach fox!!! although the kid's pretty good
time to sip some cheap scotch while i sit on my dirty linoleum floor
yes! peyton calls a time-out!! we confused him!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! we did it!!! go #eagles
i feel badly for chip, he has to play the eagles d, the rest of us don't!
how could i have sat bell? and fitz!!  and the steelers d! they offset luck/wayne but good...
the professionalism of #espn is breathtaking. their handling of the #kiffin firing, amazing,kudos to @espn_colin and all involved.
over many years, yes rt @jcphoto2012: @jimcramer is realistic to believe i can generate wealth from $1000 in the stock market.
aargh u r probably right rt @illini__jeff: looking forward to the broncos destroying @jimcramer 's eagles this sunday. boo-yah!
with aca imminent, is short-term health insurance an option? @mainstr
j.c. penney pinches
what can i say? i love my $dnkn in summit! rt @budgeforit: @jimcramer enjoy that dunkin' extra large coffee haha, getting special treatment
please understand that things do change... and when they change, i say it. but you have to watch or listen at least somewhat regularly
billions of dollars paid for underperformance @mainstreet
conference call after con call we hear this rt @crowdfundsites: @jimcramer "social media is how companies get customers" #exactly
three minutes to lift off!
hilarious! rt @manuscranny: @guyjohnsontv how am i supposed to delievra punchey hit when johnson gets all precious ! really ! interuptions !
goes higher
staying real!
what's eating single parents today @mainstr
cruz back on playing field? can you imagine that senator if congress had a running game? or an o-line?
i just like authentic, honest criticism that isn't ad hominem. that's fun and i like to spar..
why bother to say something like this? so wrong  rt @davemason2k: @jimcramer shocker; only rich people like jim cramer are in recovery
no it is more of an out pattern...  rt @thekitchenshow: @jimcramer it's not a filibuster
not playing any cruz this weekend rt @chrisporterd: yeah  no diff by @sentedcruz except unless u look at twitter trends #makedclisten
sen.corker plays a lot of golf with peyton manning. wanted to ask corker about eagles v. broncos...but cruz is in control
$tsla and $nflx are cult stocks valuation elusive rt @ggc0724: let's put valuation of $tsla and $nflx on $aapl- how does $aapl look now?
means a lot, thanks!rt @mnyneversleeps: love the daily analysis at the beginning of your show. talk about a free education of the markets!
we've been recommending it since low teens-pipeline! rt @sherbs_in_nj: @jimcramer .. jim, any explanation for the recent surge of $cldx?
asking your @jimcramer twitter questions!
citizens in these cities say they are ready for retirement - you won't believe - @mainstr
sources tell @thestreet that #twitters $1.5b ipo is nyse-bound
not true! rt @zissimos: whoa! @jimcramer just double dipped the new @burgerking fries on the set of @cnbc. be careful @carlquintanilla!
rt @thestreet apple fooled the analysts: @jimcramer's 'mad money' recap
darn it all this is a painful whippin'.. i am studying them to figure out how the eagles will stop the broncos next week. no answers yet....
didn't u see my move needle piece last week? rt @ronmarcusps u were just as down on $aapl as analysts were until this am when iphone sales
lennar is the tell
watch me live at #tde2014 on december 5th
can the broncos score 40 on d tonight?--i am in good shape if they can't....#ff
one of our biggest positions for 
gordon, my beast! rt @nbc_28: @jimcramer i really hope you took my advice and played josh gordon today...10 catches, 146 yards, 1 td #booyah
always time for the high line!
nature's bounty
portfolio managers oblivious to coming shutdown
long $tsla couldn't be happier but very greedy
rt @thestreet an instant 'mad money' classic: @jimcramer's life lessons
buy but only on weakness moved up too much on good q
#boeing rings out the old cargo aircraft and rings in the new
why you might be getting screwed on your 401(k) @mainstr
#tesla ceo elon musk and the case of the curious tweets
green peace fining $jpm for treatment of whales??
cult stock rt @amurray331: @jimcramer hey jim, is tesla still a good buy at this price?
penny saved/penny earned rt @cjmals: going long treasuries is like picking up pennies in front of a steam roller.youll get hurt eventually.
i said buy twice before this. i don't know--rt @mutantkeys:   almost bought rad yesterday. still a buy after pop? #madtweets #madmoney
thinking of playing josh gordon and sitting larry fitz cause of that hamstring. thoughts? #ff
i keep thinking about coach reid on a day like today, too!  and how his trip to the linc will be so fabulous!  see you at the eagles!
thanks so much. needed badly to clarify my views rt @mugglebornny: @jimcramer very informative action alerts analysis on apple today!
rt @thestreet don't fear the reaper (or selloff): @jimcramer's 'mad money' recap
@squawkcnbc ; i kicked the tires on the new $tol brooklyn bridge development--it is gorgeous; pricey
nah, just reading a riposte by @herbgreenberg and trying to figure a response; $tst rt @amodeo_az: @jimcramer sleepin late today huh! ;)
thnx so much! rt @eddie28480:  you have taught me so much and confirmed so many others about how things work  n the markets,
thanks jim
but does anyone really care? does anyone want to be independent? rt @mongojerry65: great and strong comments re energy independence!
the secret for those who retire at 30 @mainstr
how to make 231 times more than the person in the next cube @mainstr
yep, we love these guys as you know, rt @mjysakane: @jimcramer new high safeway swy $31.23 wow cool yeah!!!!
thestreets @chris_ciaccia on why wall streets #apple concerns are misplaced
how us airways could prosper even without a merger
maybe we need an $aapl 24-7 station-it is all so many care about..
early bird gets the waiver wire worm and never forget it!
we have to let students go bankrupt again @mainstr
rt @thestreet: cramer: forget running backs now
thanks lar! rt @convertbond: 2.77%
no, but i would like to be #eagles defensive coordinator asst. rt @glennhafner: @jimcramer  jim cramer for fed chair !
new avatar!
jeez how hated was summers worldwide? really something...
choking in fantasy having fabulous time in reality!!
@raylewis just telling it like it is on #espn
$de stock aint down 5% for nothin' rt @livelovetrade: @jimcramer your listed reasons on de being an under performer are quite uninformed.
when herb's away the uber bulls will play! told ya my $ulta was jamming rt @herbgreenberg: @jimcramer yes and timing!
the power of blind eye? rt @niensu: @jimcramer what's going on with $kmp? one report and it's all downhill?
funny rt @warrenjaymyface: @squawkcnbc ia basically @@jimcramer trying to win over @davidfaber 's praise, and it usually just doesn't happen
knock it out of the park, champ! rt @rocco_thestreet: talking @twitter ipo in about 20 minutes on @squawkcnbc
i said to take the patriot d in #fantasyfootball, but no one listened!!!
carl's fab twitter special! rt @bobbypederson: @jimcramer @carlquintanilla @squawkstreet no one knows what better? i don't get you jim.
if true, numbers go much higher rt @m_cof: #facebook mobile will represent 50% of ad rev in 4q and 60% in 2014: analyst.
google is having a field day with these new iphones
#mercadolibre = stock market roulette for investors, says thestreets @herbgreenberg:
let's go algo-viral: if you have questions for buzzfeed coo @jonsteinberg for tonight's #madmoney hit me with them now!
ill be speaking at #tde2014 on december 5th. sign up to watch me
i'm old school at home ...rt @dusty_ice: @jimcramer no sbux?
#google laughs at the new #apple #iphones
why selling #blackberry will be just as hard as selling blackberrys
google laughs at the new iphones from @antonwahlman
$mu undervalued b/c of flash and dram rt @agnihotrikunal: @jimcramer booyah. jim. r u in th same camp as regis philbin for $mu to 20 or 25?
gee, i thought strong case made by obama.. i think russians only did what they did because they knew obama launching otherwise
he's got horsesense rt @dancequeenem: my grandpa told me to watch @jimcramer to figure out what stocks i should buy for economics...
well-heeled student loan borrowers are the most cautious home buyers @mainstr
you need a big one of these for successful dating @mainstr
happy birthday carl!! rt @carlquintanilla: for the year, nike, goldman and visa are all outperforming the dow. (via @pattidomm) $nke $gs $v
it's no mccoy but it was fine  rt @ginzo10: @jimcramer congrats on the #eagles .  now what do you think of #panw ?
oh my, chip challenges like andy!! mercy!
$csx breaking out rt @studuncan: @3crowns21 @jimcramer rails.  they don't leak for years and years, contaminating ground, water, plants, life.
thanks so much! rt @jimpshepard: @jimcramer parlor game comment was dead on
please rethink rt @jotiavionica: @jimcramer was a subscriber till you brought in @rocco_thestreet and turned the site into cheap clickbate
game over so makers mark, dry rub cardamom cinnamon cumin salt chili pepper dried mustard; 24 hours
can't resist
contemporaneous notes; could be a buy buy buy!
a ruling that contestants must step away from the table
pressure is on; i am a judge! tenderness; juiciness texture and bone fall off
the old number six smoker comes in to play!
been there; it's heaven on earth rt @espnnfl: this is how we watch football in the @espn war room. #footballisback -&gt;
okay, we've gotten
go to our
we listen! done! rt @scott_juba: @jimcramer jc, any way to extend free preview another 24hrs?  school/activitues started this week.
if you go to the end of my pieces i have a suggestion box that's actually mine! i am reading them ...
go hilltoppers! rt @dannyosully: let's go watch summit hs varsity boys soccer vs 8-time national champ st. benedict's at njit today at 10am.
this could be a gamechanger for continental energy security and #keystone
we nailed these, sell .5rt @burgy85: @jimcramer time to ring the register on dry bulk shippers like $dsx or keep riding the wave? #madtweets
great night, great game, great food at dino's in brooklyn!
big tobacco takes its last drag as economic change looms:
if i win i like them, too rt @mikealbo: @herbgreenberg regardless of the subject/stock, i will be there - love these "battles of opinion"
five jobs that pay much more than you'd expect - @mainst
cuban's the best rt @mrmortgage144: @jimcramer i could listen to mark cuban speak all day. i remember him yelling at kudlowandcramer.
putin killed rally--cold war
@davidfaber and santelli sitting in a tree!!
thanks--new book coming january rt @jworthy: confessions of a street addict is a great read
why identity thieves love your facebook page @mainstr
what happened to the ariel castro house? - @mainstr
shorty's on 9th!  rt @sdizzle87: @jimcramer jim help! i just moved to nyc from philly, know of any good eagles bars??
lotta trades--$mu (fave) on hynix fire; $aapl--number bumps galore on carriers; $msft bad again; $nok good again..$lnkd deal--buy
how can you not? he's the best te in the game!!! rt @jamescurtin: @jimcramer u reached for jimmy graham
lotta targets! rt @delco_pride: @jimcramer i see you got @deseanjackson10  #gobirds
this is how to make college affordable @mainstr
@deseanjackson10 starts for the skidaddy skies this monday night!
kyle our commish explaining rules
can't wait to see the iggles with carl! lort @carlquintanilla: how @jimcramer came to love his philadelphia @eagles.
market will love it rt @jonerlichman: linkedin files to offer $1 billion of stock $lnkd
tonight on mad money we have a fantasy stock draft. going on fantasy guru on sirius at 2:15 today to get it right
$vz on now--fascinating..
rt @thestreet get ready for this week w/ @jimcramer's best blogs from last week
cements their no-strategy strategy rt @cmfg004: @jimcramer @squawkcnbc @nokia this will be great for msft
what did you expect from seeking alpha? rt @stuckonhx: any comments on the red flags raised here about $tsla?
yes, cause very high multiple stock rt @burgersandbonds: @jimcramer $kkd? huge move on earnings, did they deserve it?
lotta guys coming in short rt @rsmithinc: @jimcramer you think the futures are telling a strong follow thru tomorrow?
one up on wall street and beat the street rt @clayguy: @jimcramer great show last night. can u retweet the 2 books u mentioned?
7 delicious beers to enjoy in the craft brew boom
now if we could get our d cleared to play game one rt @scottwapnercnbc: @rgiii says he's cleared by docs to start week 1. game on @jimcramer
$crm is right even up here. go to the tape!
measure by ocf and fcf rt @brianasmith: can you please explain math behind $crm #s. everything is non gaap. co is not profitable.
higher interest rates impact expensive metro areas - mainstreet
we're the most exciting team in the nfl rt @capm1: @jimcramer don't forget eagles fan, which may be even more dangerous this season!
yep, i think that's very right rt @cramersshirt: @jimcramer a couple of drone strikes doesn't seem like it would be out of the question...
$jpm--i do think at this point overdone to the downside..
rt @thestreet: here's the stock @jimcramer considers the best cyber security play
this is why college costs so much 
i said earnings not coming thru rt @dr_buckeye: @jimcramer yo jim good show. you said sell banks. ? including regionals $hban #madtweets
searching for positives, haven't found one yet, but it is, admittedly, early
thanks! i was losing my voice tonight..rt @bmeighan13: when the market is going crazy dr cramer is at his best! great show tonight!
$ndlsi am hungry!
anyone been to a noodle, $ndls? i've got the ceo and i am looking for questions...
top 10 bedbug-infested cities
100% of those writing about the market to me on twitter are negative. 100%.. no buyers.. also lots of hatred from the masses!!
ring register rt @photoprof: @jimcramer #madtweets should $onyx be sold or is there more to come from amgen's purchase? get some sleep!
book it!  mezcal=single malt tequila rt @mezcaldeleyenda: saw you talking about mezcal last week. if you are up for it, go to @hechoendumbo
te? rt @fantasy_guru:  you do remember the player i told you to get around the 4th or 5th round, right jim? and that mispriced qb too!
justice won't lose that case..rt@jpwalsh012:  still don't understand why you're convinced american and us airways won't win in court?
ten year says all is well..$tsla agrees.. so foes $fb and $amgn..
congratz to mickey drexler of #jcrew for his fabulous cameo in #breakingbad! love that powder blue sweater at the car wash!
you asked for it! a very special show tonight. a full hour dedicated to help you retire right. @madmoneyoncnbc at 6/11p et is must see tv
tricks to reduce mortgage closing costs
rt @carlquintanilla: steve ballmer owns 333 million shares of $msft. so his retirement just made him $840 million richer. (via @spcapitaliq)
what traders were communicated to about the outage?? we couldn't find any. and no communications? when is that better? when?
these should have been shut-unfair rt @tfmkts: @jimcramer the etf's and futures drive the prices for most stocks on most days anyways
i am so darned steamed about this. i don't like to be rolled. i have been in this biz much longer than $ndaq's greifeld. just furious.
i expect many ceos to move from $ndaq as $hain ceo simon hinted last night on #madmoney.  but greifeld said, well-handled!!!
why could we find no pro who agrees with what greifeld is saying about how the pros liked how this was handled. how can greifeld say this?
how can greifeld say they halted things to help the retail investor but then didn't communicate to the press. wrong wrong wrong!
the shorts said $hain had no organic growth. now what are they saying??
why the uneducated are making more than you
is #delta respected? sure, but not as an investment
u r right, i just wanted to help the kid rt @nicholas_yee:come on cramer you're always touting against day trading and then you post this???
meanwhile take a look at $hain and what happens when secular winds are at your back not in your face
other than going down every day, nothing ...rt @johnnytrades1: @jimcramer  jim what's going on with $xom
only a seasoned pro like @steveliesman would know this pattern. made you fortunes
steve liesman is so right--the initial reaction is often wrong about the minutes...
@marcbenioff are you watching!!! we praised the need for crm--and $crm could be considered crm
hostage to the bond market right now rt @nathanberk: @jimcramer whats up with f ? higher or lower by year end?
delighted!! rt @malice95: thanks for the sp500 chartwork tonight. you the man!  when i get worried about the market you are my goto guy!
@adamschefter is blasting out all the good picks for fantasy and my sleepers won't be sleeping!
working for you on tonight's show--going barbecuing rt @_confetti_: @jimcramer stepping my game up with mad money
you're having the #madmoney burger at the hat tavern rt @mattydolphinz: hey @jimcramer guess where i am??? #hattavern
it's cramer with a c, pal rt @anandpandit:  @jimcramer @squawkcnbc given what kramer said about tesla, it means it's time to buy $jcp ;)
these have been and are too dangerous rt @roady1212: @jimcramer have non-mortgage reits about bottomed? thx
no chance rt @cuoccoj: @jimcramer @jschlec81 jim i beg of you , i need a good penny stock. please send me one. i am having no luck on my own
$urbn was good but the shorts, they be scrambling
big cookout on tonight's show. all natural of course...
the 10 most union-made cars in america:
we need a new gm! rt @tomkeene: @jimcramer  you even look like a future manager of the @phillies
my daughter and i love roots in summit! rt @balwx: @jimcramer roots great spot! cowboy steak amazing
not enough yield rt @johnburkholder: @jimcramer hey jim. do you like bank preferred stocks (like $jpm) on the recent pullback?
just follow the $tlt and your will know where the $spx is going to go. trapped...
the massive rent increases are going to keep coming
oil and water may not mix, but we couldnt have #chartweek without talking nat gas!
like them,reduced expectations though..rt @yminsights: wait, so does @jimcramer like the eagles? mad respect. #madmoney #eagles
guys showed me some stuff i okayed rt @andysuffion: @jimcramer @mainstr jim, have you been hacked, or did you finally delegate twitter.
what's with $jwn? really inconsistent..
@herbgreenberg represents the best we have in journalism.. he identifies risk better than anyone, including all analysts!!
congratz to best friend rob bredahl, cfo and coo of third point re $tpre, on the ipo this morning!!
the $jpm valuation control group might as well have been run by the real demi moore it was that ineffectual. no rocket scientists either
thnx, exactly !!! rt @mike4172: @jimcramer @fuggenduffy actually he said buy on weakness if its in the $23 range a couple days ago.
football is my life rt @espnnfl: 22 days!! #countdowntokickoff
very tough call, iggles will struggle rt @larryshender: @jimcramer  what will happen first eagles get 5 wins or $goog hitting $1000
go read what i wrote-it was the exact opposite. give me a break... rt @fuggenduffy: @jimcramer cramer pumped csco recently! pumpand dump?
$1 trillion in student loans and 7 million borrowers in default - mainstreet
the continuing curse of #usairways, by @tedreednc:
on talking $jpm and "the perfect storm" of mismarkings and conspiracy to falsify the books...
trying to hit so many stocks $de, $m, $jcp, $aapl, $seas--didn't even get to $cree-my bad...
much needed and thnx rt @phippsjm: as much as i hated mr. .@jimcramer being out last week, i do see a new fired up guy on .@madmoneyoncnbc
plant based "milk" is much cheaper to make than cow based milk which is why $wwav is such a terrific story.
then, from my ownership stake in www.thedebaryinn, i realized how much people loved almond milk. we pour more of it than regular milk!
the price of diesel isn't coming in so it makes sense to switch rt @rangthealarm:  gtls is still climbing.
5 steps to saving $1 million via @mainstr
$mrk praised on cnbc with @scottwapnercnbc
big one tonight! rt @tdarling1: love "chart week" @jimcramer. great idea. fundamentals + technicals = good entry points for value
