nelson mandela dies aged 95
ulta shares drop on disappointing results, outlook
nelson mandela dies at 95: reports
newscast: stocks rack up more losses
big lots shares drop 8% after quarterly results
are we there yet? sliding gas prices have americans back behind the wheel
finisar shares rise 5% after earnings report
ulta shares drop 12% after quarterly results
u.s. stocks end lower on fed taper worries
sandp 500 holds support despite daily declines
secretary lew criticized for sunny remarks on 'too-big-to-fail'
oil cuts gains, but tallies fifth session climb
newscast: more good news weighs on stocks
goldman sachs most affected by volcker rule: analyst
j.c. penney shares fall 8.5%
gold settles lower on upbeat u.s. economic data
wall street doesn't really fear the taper
kashagan brings new concerns to energy companies
going cool on solar stocks
newscast: wall street slow to digest good news
rising rates nudging mortgage payments higher
microsoft off on report mulally is staying at ford
forget the santa claus rally and january effect
more americans are buying american, a sign of a growing industrial sector
big day for bitcoin: cryptocurrency used to buy a tesla, analysts tout its value
why apple could lose some tablet market share to microsoft
'great' third quarter likely means gdp to tank in fourth
as big oil plans for carbon tax, exxon may be better prepared than most
euro advances as draghi appears less dovish
lew wants global race to top on bank reform
apple gains on china news; chips lift techs
ea tumbles in wake of "battlefield 4" problems
what bubble? corporate profits reach new record as share of gdp
electronic arts slumps 7.4%, worst on sandp 500
twitter adds first female director
bill bratton to be next ny police commissioner
u.s. benchmark 30-year mortgage rate jumps
apple hits 52-week high on chinese iphone deal
u.s. stocks slip, on pace for 5th straight down day
30-year-mortgage rate jumps to 4.46%
u.s. stocks saddled with early losses even as apple surges to 52-week high
apple hits 52-week high of $575.14
apple up on china deal; facebook, twitter fall
u.s. stocks open lower after claims, gdp data
the best of three tech shorts
j.p. morgan is hacked, vikram pandit returns and other morning reads
stock market live blog: 'good news is bad news' threatens to extend losing streak
europe stocks slide on u.s. data, draghi comments
u.s. third-quarter growth fastest since early 2012
severe smog chokes china; nanjing issues a code red
jobless claims drop 23,000 to 298,000
treasurys slip on upbeat gdp, jobless data
u.s. unemployment-benefits claims drop
u.s. stock futures turn mostly negative after data
third-quarter u.s. growth revised up to 3.6%
apple up on mobile deal; general growth joins sandp
'taper' on table in december: fed's lockhart
coming up: third-quarter gdp redo, jobless claims
bitcoin battles to hold to $1,000 after thumbs-down from china and greenspan
live blog of european central bank rate decision and mario draghi's news conference
ecb leaves rates unchanged; draghi in focus
10 things the nutcracker wont tell you
iphones are for browsing, ipads for buying
dollar general shares gain on earnings, outlook
l brands same-store sales fall 5% in november
bargain-hunting holiday shoppers get serious
apple's china boost, bitcoin bubble and scaling the 'wall of worry'
best companies for employee financial security
jos. a bank spent $1.2 mln on men's wearhouse bid
5 investing tips for the partially retired
made in the u.s.a. is a money-making investment idea
ftse 100 wavers ahead of boe call, osborne statement
why obamacare might have been bushcare
european stocks soft ahead of central-bank meetings
2 million internet accounts on facebook, twitter, adp others hit by mass hack
oil futures extend gains on inventory fall
moody's lifts outlook on spanish debt to stable
gold reverses after short-lived bounce
what's even worse than divorce? the taxes:
ditch that shopping cart and you'll spend 8% less at the store, a study finds:
men now spend $3.9 billion a year on "personal care" products including makeup:
asian stocks edge lower; qantas airways slides
rush limbaugh: the pope is giving president obama an orgasm
apple, china mobile sign deal to offer iphone
china mobile inks iphone deal with apple: wsj
hong kong stocks fall, but china mobile climbs
hong kong stocks drop, with standard chartered hit; hang seng index off 0.4%
10 tricks retailers use to get you to spend more:
obamacare website's latest glitch: getting information over to insurers
japan stocks pull back; hitachi rises on u.k. deal
australia stocks hurt on currency fall; qantas hit
shopping with your kids makes you spend 29% more than if you were alone, study finds. your spouse: 19% more.
drones are the new iphones: parents using the flying tech to shoot video of kids' soccer games:
congress lowered the tax break for mass-transit commuters in 2014 and raised it for car commuters:
google, microsoft face off in race to track santa claus
ecb preview: pay close attention to what draghi says about inflation
walt disney hikes annual dividend by 15% to 86c
icahn to call for apple vote on buyback idea
stocks end mostly lower; dow on 4-day loss streak
stocks end mostly lower after economic reports
microsoft's nokia deal approved by eu
an inflation 'floor' could put off rise in rates, cleveland fed paper suggests
ditch that shopping cart and you'll spend 8% less at the store, a study finds:
obamacare numbers stream in: higher traffic, more enrollees
mcgraw hill unveils 50 mln share buyback program
mcgraw hill unveils 50 mln share buyback program
obamacare video contest: altered tunes, animation and sly humor
fifth third charged with improper accounting: sec
nymex oil stretches gains to 4 sessions in a row
newscast: beige book sees economic positives
gold ends 2.2% higher on a short-covering rally
investors take large short positions on obamacare contractor
ski bookings rise in richmond, employers fear obamacare and more beige book nuggets
positives swamp negatives in fed beige book
speculators should retain a flexible approach
she went to prison for her 'encore career'
somber obama urges government action on inequality
when an economic hit is a wall street miss
banks brace for volcker rule specifics on market-making and hedging
newscast: stocks slip back into the red
gm to sell remaining ally financial stake: report
sen. warren asks jamie dimon, lloyd blankfein and other bank chiefs for think-tank disclosures
why aren't you up as much as bitcoin?
less than 30% of millennials will sign up for obamacare: survey
men now spend $3.9 billion a year on "personal care" products including makeup:
berkshire executive warns twitter could be cisco'd
u.s. dollar above c$1.07 first time since may 2010
a new way to save for retirement
obama: income inequality is bad for the overall economy
h-p, twitter, pandora lead tech rally
why apple would buy a company that analyzes twitter data
cf industries started at sector perform at rbc
bank-loan funds needn't be a speculative choice
crude-oil supplies down 5.6 million barrels: eia
new u.s. home sales leap 25% in october
canadian dollar weakens as boc holds rates steady
canadian dollar weakens as boc holds rates steady
ism gauge of u.s. services sector falls in november
ism services index falls to 53.9% in november
u.s. new-home sales leap more than 25% in october
pandora rises more than 4% on latest listener data
u.s. stocks trim their losses after data
newscast: private-sector job growth tops forecasts
truck with radioactive material stolen in mexico
ebay shares off as evercore analyst cuts rating
more bank fines over rate rigging, a rare apology on wall street and other morning reads
u.s. stocks fall, on track for 4th straight down day
u.s. stocks fall, could see 4th down day in row
coming up: ism services index for november
u.s. stocks open lower after adp jobs data
lampert cuts sears stake via fund payouts
europe will beat u.s. in stock-market throwdown, the biggest banks predict
private job gains hottest in a year
express skids on outlook; apple extends gains
dollar boosted after strong adp jobs data
u.s. trade deficit drops 5.4% in october
treasury yields jump on strong jobs data
private sector adds 215,000 jobs, more than expected: adp
walgreen first-quarter sales jump 6% on promotions
stock futures maintain losses after adp
brown-forman profit up 19%, reaffirms outlook
coming up: u.s. trade deficit for october
express shares plunge as thanksgiving sales disappoint, full-year view cut
coming up: adp private-sector jobs in november
newscast: wall street awaits economic numbers
congress punishes commuters in 2014
bringing toymakers into the age of play
investors drawn to well-diversified eaton
is your home ready for winter?
top retirement city offers sun, fun and affordability
stock futures inch up ahead of adp, home sales
sage group lifts ftse 100 after three days of losses
germanys economy isnt as strong as europe believes
european stocks wobble after selloff; sage rallies
european stocks recover after sell-off; sage rises
oil futures extend rally on u.s. supply drop
china loves its old buddy  joe biden
japan's nikkei average falls 2.2% to 15,407.94
gold holds tight with u.s. jobs report looming
10 ways capitalists get rich destroying our oceans
10 things gates, buffett, icahn, and other billionaires won't tell you:
this is a fantastic time to shop for a used car. here's why:
rumors of the demise of the employee pension are slightly exaggerated:
asia stocks lower, as yen rebound hurts japan
the single greatest and most underused credit-card perk:
todd mills, a driving force behind the doritos locos taco, has died
hong kong stocks join broader selloff in asia
average joes filling void left by countrywide, risking their nest eggs on loans to home buyers with lousy credit:
10 things your boss won't tell you:
did itunes and and kindle ruin christmas?
5 reasons you should sign up for store credit cards:
japan's nikkei average falls further, down 2.6%
u.s. car sales in november rose to the fastest pace in more than six years
here are the 7 biggest problems with mutual funds:
what's even worse than divorce? the taxes:
japan stocks fall on yen strength; renesas climbs
japan stocks open sharply lower, as yen broadly higher; nikkei average down 1.3%
japan stocks slide early; nikkei average off 1.3%
newscast: dow backs away from 16,000
fed's williams: only taper when sure economy on right track
illinois legislators pass pension reforms
ambit shares dive 38% on fda setback over study
j.c. penney's return to old holiday playbook pays off with 10% sales jump
u.s. stocks fall for third day on taper worries
drones are the new iphones: parents using the flying tech to shoot video of kids' soccer games:
50 years of ford mustangs:
former tyco ceo kozlowski to be released from jail
omnivision shares drop 13% after quarterly results
j.c. penney nov. comparable-store sales rise 10.1%
apple shares reach highest close in almost a year
stocks end lower; dow, sandp 500 fall for third day
dow, sandp 500 end down for 3rd consecutive session
2 big myths about illinois pension reform
the bromance between bill gross and jack bogle
white house lawyers drafted opinion on so-called 'platinum coin' option
rising debt puts capital flows to u.s. at risk, cbo chief warns
nymex oil settles at highest in over a month
newscast: investors cash out on fed fears
alternative energy growth creates headache for officials
live blog: president obama's speech on health-care website
myriad genetics shares tumble as severe medicare cut looms
libya, iraq and iran pose big problems for opec
want to get rich? read fiction: 5 financial lessons from great literature.
groupon remains up following strong holiday sales
goldman sees 'modest' impact from expiring jobless benefits
detroit pensions can be cut in bankruptcy
u.s. teen students slip in global rankings
energy stocks cling to gains; qep leads
doubleline total return sees $811 mln in outflows
take two: president plans to reintroduce obamacare
pimco total return fund has 7th month of outflows
when will the bubble pop?
now the real sales begin. a guide to holiday shopping from @jenwatersmkw:
charting the sandp 500s bull-bear battleground
cyber monday hits record of $2.29 billion
kohn still thinks march fed taper is better bet
woman's 'new' ipad contained another user's personal information
judge rules detroit is eligible for bankruptcy
underground economy signals soft growth
north koreas no. 2 leader believed to have been ousted
chinas market breaks out, but caution is necessary
12 states' home prices at least 20% below bubble peak
oil gains on demand, supply draw prospects
pope francis attacking greed, not capitalism
nyc train engineer zoned out before crash
socgen tells investors where to go in 2014 with one huge chart
gm car sales up 13.7% in november
fed's lacker: bankruptcy code must handle banks
the number of banks is shrinking, jamie dimon in his own words and other morning reads
gm's cadillac sales 16,172, up 11.4% in november
gm's gmc sales 35,727, up 19.8% for november
gm's chevrolet sales 145,089, up 12.6% in november
newscast: biggest cyber monday ever
stocks open lower on taper worries; krispy kreme slumps
paul ryan, patty murray closer to small-scale budget deal, plus more tuesday reads
apple, groupon rally; facebook, google slip
u.s. stocks open lower on taper worries
dow industrials fall below 16,000 in early trade; sandp 500 loses hold on 1,800
sandp 500 falls 5 points to 1,795 at open
are drones the new iphones?
are drones the new iphones?
black friday weekend traffic drops; sales up 1%
stock market live blog: dow 16k at risk as apple, car sales in focus
engaged capital ask abercrombie to find a new ceo
dow set to open below 16,000; apple rises
black fridays silver lining
chrysler streak of sales gains hits 44 months
treasury prices gain ahead of data surge
chrysler nov. u.s. sales up 16% to 142,275 units
u.s. home prices rise 0.2% in october: corelogic
newscast: retailers tally up cyber monday sales
bitcoin trades at $1,172 on mt. gox
goldman sachs sees 19% gain for chinese stocks in hong kong during 2014
apple lifted to buy from neutral at ubs
harman ceo on first u.s. retail store
cyber monday sales up nearly 20% to new record
is it time to transfer some risk?
dow set to open below 16,000 on taper fears
best ford mustang models of the past 50 years
mining firms bruise ftse 100; hsbc off after downgrade
pound rises after solid u.k. construction data
european stocks extend losses into third day
ubs cuts 2014 forecast for gold and silver
chinese director may face huge fines for violating one-child policy
ford, general motors are tuesdays stocks to watch
no gold bounce as economic data shine
australia holds key interest rate at 2.5%
australia keeps key interest rate at 2.5%
never pay for dry cleaning again, says @charlespassy:
hong kong property stocks drop while casinos rise
hong kong stocks lower, with property shares down; hang seng index falls 0.6% 
tesla cleared in german probe of model s fires
8 of the most likely products to be shoplifted:
japan stocks gain as dollar trades near 103
10 things stores won't tell you about black friday and cyber monday sales:
japan stocks rise at open; nikkei average up 0.6%
japan stocks higher as dollar trades nears 103; nikkei average gains 0.6% 
newscast: wall street loses ground
walmart sold 2.8 million towels on thanksgiving:
10 things your boss won't tell you:
nyc train exceeded speed limit before crash
5 reasons you should sign up for store credit cards:
why u.s. stocks could gain another 18% by november 2014
apple buys social-analytic company topsy for $200m
stocks see late selloff on fears rally overextended
december effect could fuel santa rally, hennessee group says
accused of covering up oil spill, north dakota readies site to disclose the next one
white house uses official, unofficial means to tout obamacare progress
newscast: stocks start the week in the red
in mexico city, prospect of energy reform ignites protests
amazon drone plan to get senate scrutiny
krispy kreme shares drop 10% after hours
u.s. stocks accelerate losses in late trading
been sidelined? how to get back into the market now
dna
krispy kreme, shoe carnival in focus after hours
j.c. penney is back in the game this holiday season
u.s. chamber comes out with pro-mcconnell ad
nymex oil settles at highest level in a week
newscast: apple one of black friday's winners
betting nest eggs on airports and roads
this markets backdrop is what bulls are made of
despite mild outlook, wild gains this year
apple ipad is the black friday winner
message for gulf states: get ready for change
newscast: investors wait for next big thing
black friday helps ebay get a boost
construction data suggests shutdown was a blip
is the market about to get some bad news?
gold sees biggest monthly drop since june
supreme court won't hear cases on internet sales tax
ebay gains on mild cyber monday for tech stocks
3m tops dow losers on morgan stanley downgrade
3m shares drop 3% on morgan stanley downgrade
hess gets top price for indonesian oil fields
3 stock-market gifts that keep on giving
ism manufacturing index hits more than 2-year high
5 financial stories you need to know monday
u.s. construction spending up in october
newscast: stocks start december on a down note
ism manufacturing index shoots up in november
november ism is stronger than expected at 57.3% 
blue chips pull back as investors keep an eye on shoppers
treasurys retreat on manufacturing data
u.s. stocks open mixed as investors eye shoppers
stock market live blog: cyber monday, ism, china ipos
u.s. manufacturing pmi reaches 10-month high
markit manufacturing pmi for november hits highest level since january
dollar rises before ism; pound gains on boe
the market in a minute: the only 3 reports that matter
ebay and amazon gain on cyber monday
gundlach: apple share price 'looks reasonable'
newscast: retailers tally up black friday sales
treasurys slide on euro-zone data, before u.s data
more than 131 million to shop on cyber monday
10 things your boss wont tell you
shopping online this holiday? be vigilant
gold drops over 1%; analysts see more downside
robert shiller 'most worried' about bubble in u.s. stock market
the case for rallies in december and january
tesco, miners lead ftse 100 lower
european stocks waver after euro-zone, china pmis
europe stocks drop ahead of pmis; thyssenkrupp off
japan's economics minister hospitalized: reports
amazon tests drone delivery, triggers a virtual freakout
asia stocks slip; ipo restart weighs on shanghai
china ipos are coming back
china manufacturing hold growth rate in nov.: hsbc
china hsbc oct. manufacturing pmi at 50.8
hong kong's hang seng up 0.1% at open
6 sports highlights that made the long weekend one for the ages
japan shares ease from strong gains
japan stocks edge up; nikkei average gains 0.1%
australia stocks seesaw, with miners higher
jobs report, retailers holiday sales may shake stocks
jobs report, retailers holiday sales may shake stocks
administration sees dramatic progress on health site
4 dead in new york city train derailment
4 dead in nyc commuter train derailment: report
passenger train derails in nyc; cars reported in water
train derails in nyc; cars reported in water
jobs report, retailers holiday sales may shake stocks
holiday shopping up, but black friday down: report
target, walmart see strong holiday sales
obamacare site to handle 50,000 users: reports
helicopter crash into glasgow pub kills 8
health-care site to handle 50,000 users: reports
dont fall for the santa claus rally
how to protect your retirement portfolio gains
looks like the santa claus rally is coming to town:
want to get rich? read fiction: 5 financial lessons from great literature.
10 things stores won't tell you about black friday:
retailers offer black friday deals to shoppers who pay with bitcoin:
the single greatest and most underused credit-card perk:
the single greatest and most underused credit-card perk:
newscast: stocks on a three-month winning streak
newscast: wall street has mixed black friday
5 of the best black friday deals on cars:
5 things you should not buy today:
the surprise hit of black friday: a 29-cent washcloth.
10 best cyber monday deals for foodies
online thanksgiving sales top $1 billion for the first time
newscast: wall street winning month, but mixed day
supreme court takes retirement-assets case
the 1% will have a very merry christmas
big day looms for illinois and detroit pensions
black fridays surprise hit: a 29-cent washcloth
dow, sandp 500 end lower, but nasdaq gains
dow, sandp 500 end lower; nasdaq closes higher
go big on japanese stocks: credit suisse
sandp 500, dow turn slightly negative, erasing gains
gold advances friday, but bitcoin is still gaining on it
shopping today? send us tweets or instagrams of your hot holiday find by using the hashtag #bestfind. details:
european stock benchmark now up 16% in 2013 after closing november with 1% gain
why women's heart attacks get misdiagnosed
pioneer's production in doubt after severe winter weather in texas
microsoft, apple, facebook lift tech stocks
euro-zone unemployment rate ticks down from record high
are apple users savvier shoppers?
black friday begins on thanksgiving with a bang
a green black friday for stocks
pizza hut saves the sanctity of thanksgiving from  pizza
bond links: whats up at pimco?
newscast: retailers beef up black friday security
energy stocks gain; pioneer down on output warning
microsoft, apple, facebook lift techs
dow industrials point toward 6th straight record close0
u.s. stocks advance modestly at the open
u.s. stocks open up for holiday-shortened session
treasurys eye monthly loss before data deluge
when do u.s. markets close on friday?
euro touches five-year high against yen
bitcoin hits all-time high of $1,242
wal-mart, macys, target in spotlight friday
why you should always buy on black friday
did you already go shopping? share your #bestfind with us:
where to buy gifts if you want to hedge your bets
yelps new offices are something to shout about
toys "r" us: 'every day is very important'
gold, silver nudge up
merrill lynchs legacy goes beyond its near collapse
women and financial advisers: a rocky relationship
wall street could make another record run
wal-mart, j.c. penney are black friday hot stocks
black friday shopping so far: utahns fight over ipads, brawl in rialto
5 things not to buy on black friday:
europe stocks eye dec. gains; spain up on sandp move
protesters break into thai army compound: reports
sandp lifts spain outlook to stable from negative
netherlands loses 'aaa' credit rating at sandp
#blackfriday came early to twitter -- and to the likes of @bestbuy:
5 of the best #blackfriday car deals:
asian stocks mostly lower; nikkei takes a breather
hong kong stocks rise, build on yearly high; hang seng index up 0.5% 
hong kong's hang seng index up 0.3% at open
for those shopping tonight, share your #bestfind with us:
japan stocks edge back, but weekly win in sight
black friday abuzz in twittersphere
japan stocks down following previous day's rally; nikkei average falls 0.5% 
australia stocks flat; bid for graincorp blocked
shopping joins battle for thanksgivings soul
traditionalists vs. earliest-ever holiday shoppers square off in a battle for the soul of thanksgiving:
online sales up 9% as of noon new york time vs. last thanksgiving, according to ibm digital analytics benchmark:
#blackfriday is already here, where "here" means twitter:
new tradition? america goes shopping on #brownthursday, a.k.a. thanksgiving:
poll: are you going to shop today? tell us why or why not.
how america became a hotbed of turkey innovation:
five ways berlusconi tried to dodge the ouster  and failed
retirees: be thankful for a bull-market year
for retirement savers, it's a land of plenty
happy thanksgiving from all of us at marketwatch.
mulally, nadella lead microsoft ceo hunt: report
berlusconi loses seat in italys senate
obamacare site signups for small business put on hold
bank of england pulls back on support for home loans
thomas cook rallies 13% after full-year earnings
ftse rises for second day as rio tinto advances
european stocks extend gains; thomas cook rallies
euro at best level in a month, yen at fresh lows
european stocks rise ahead of german data
oil futures extend losses in electronic trade
thai premier prevails in no-confidence vote
looking for a vacation home? might need to pay cash.
being thankful for plentiful research and investment choices:
will the thanksgiving gamble pay off for retailers?
"every day could be a turkey day." a look at america's turkey innovators:
5 things not to buy on black friday:
asia stocks higher; tokyo rallies on weaker yen
make way for thanksgivukkah:
pension benefits are getting more generous (for police dogs).
hong kong stocks rise, pushing toward yearly high; hang seng index gains 0.8% 
hong kong's hang seng index opens higher by 0.6%
looks like the santa claus rally is coming to town:
japan stocks rally as yen falls, retail sales rise
japan stocks surge at open as dollar rises above 102; nikkei average up 1.2% 
stock bulls dont want to become market turkeys
japan october retail sales up 2.3% on year
australia stocks higher following u.s. gains
how to get #blackfriday deals before black friday:
don't have a retirement plan? these dogs do
ryan braun spoke with the media wed. about his use of performance-enhancing drugs. how he stacks up with a-rod:
newscast: stocks break more records
sandp 500, dow achieve record closes as stocks rise
u.s. stocks end higher after upbeat economic data
dow one million?
trading deck: jobs report may put santa claus rally on hold.
only in america: dozens of inventors hold patents for gadgets aimed at delivering the best possible turkey.
the hanukkah-thanksgiving mash-up:
sriracha sauce maker ordered to cease some operations
newscast: airline merger cleared for takeoff
5 technology stocks hedge funds love
stan druckenmiller's latest stock moves
this thanksgiving, skip the money talk
5 of the best black friday car deals
why bitcoin is rising while gold prices are falling:
obamacare small-business exchange delayed: reports
bitcoins, bubbles and babble, oh my
majority in new poll believes obamacare problems are solvable
winter storm over east coast snarls thanksgiving travel
opening on thanksgiving is a game many retailers can't afford not to play
short these two commodity currencies: goldman sachs
berlusconi expelled from italian senate
looking for a vacation home? might need to pay cash
treasurys holds losses after 7-year note auction
dow one million?
russia's in-perspective price tag for four-times-overbudget sochi olympics: 18 oprahs
apple, h-p gains give a boost to tech stocks
leading indicators point to faster u.s. growth
chicago business gauge pulls back in november
crude-oil supplies up 3 million barrels: eia
amr and us airlines merger approved by judge
how america became a hotbed of turkey innovation
leading eocnomic index climbs 0.2% in october
leading eocnomic index climbs 0.2% in october
30-year-mortgage rate rises to 4.29%
consumer-sentiment gauge rises in november
newscast: growers offer hardier christmas trees
chicago pmi reading falls but is stronger than expected
bitcoin hits $1,000 on mt. gox for first time
bitcoin hits $1,000 on mt. gox
$1 billion in gift cards go unredeemed
u.s. stocks add to gains after chicago pmi
apple, h-p gains spur tech stocks north
stocks inch up after encouraging economic data
u.s. stocks open higher; sandp 500 up 0.1%
gold futures rise on dollar weakness, china demand
treasurys cut losses after jobless and goods data
h-p jumps on profit; apple hits key milestone
poll: are you shopping on thanksgiving? tell us why or why not.
u.s. jobless claims fall 10,000 to 316,000
stocks futures maintain slight gains after data
coming up: weekly jobless claims, durable goods
newscast: "showrooming" no longer a bad word
turkey trailblazer talks turkey about male cooks
choosing wisely on credit cards
ecb mulls 'funding-for-lending' type ltro: report
no substitute for qualified retirement planning
berlusconi awaits ouster fate in italian senate vote
stock futures up ahead of pre-holiday data deluge
germany can set tone for euro with new finance minister
ftse 100 climbs after gdp data; royal mail rallies
european investors cheer german consumer data
european stocks key off u.s. gains; data ahead
gold futures edge higher as dollar eases
thankful for a thanksgiving top? from the @tradingdeck:
japan's nikkei average ends 0.4% down at 15,449.63
german coalition reaches deal, faces party vote
china-u.s. tensions jump over b-52 flight
germany reaches 'grand coalition' deal: reports
the world's longest direct flight, linking singapore and newark, n.j., ended its nearly decade-long run on monday.
instead of adding complexity to a portfolio, try keeping it simple -- with just these two funds:
the single greatest and most underused credit-card perk:
want to get rich? read fiction: 5 financial lessons from great literature.
americans get a smaller share of retirement income from public programs than in the rest of the world, data shows.
10 things gates, buffett, icahn, and other billionaires won't tell you:
6 truly amazing uses for credit cards:
the virtual currency bitcoin jumped to a record of $947 tuesday on the trading exchange mt. gox.
asia stocks fall, but tokyo pares losses
10 things stores won't tell you about black friday:
hong kong stocks seesaw, but chow tai fook shines
china stocks recover from lower open, with hang seng index up 0.1%
hong kong's hang seng slips at open, down 0.1%
aaa forecasts 4.3m people will travel at least 50 miles during the long holiday weekend, 1.5% fewer than last year.
japan stocks fall as dollar pares gains vs. yen
apple shares rose almost 2% to close at $533.40, its highest finish since dec. 2012.
japan stocks open lower; nikkei average off 0.6%
china silent after u.s. air incursion: report
5 things not to buy on black friday:
australia stocks edge down on weak commodities
obama: "understand that i was a 76ers fan."
never pay for dry cleaning again, says @charlespassy:
h-p gets slight boost from better pc sales
morgan stanley china hiring probed: report
hewlett-packard surprised investors by beating estimates and holding onto its outlook. live earnings call:
obamacare may soon have too many applications
api data show crude supply up 6.9 million barrels
india can learn from japan and china reforms
turns out majoring in english may in fact be a path to riches:
hewlett-packard tops street view as it swings to profit
obamcare may soon have too many applications
h-p swings to quarterly profit, but sales dip
why banks wont tack fees on savings accounts
what's your #bestfind on thanksgiving or black friday?
nasdaq closes above 4,000 for first time since 2000
nasdaq ends above 4,000 for first time since 2000
lara logan on leave from cbs's '60 minutes' over benghazi report
alec baldwin is out at msnbc
reader poll: are you shopping on thanksgiving?
for income, u.s. retirees rely less on the state
nymex oil ends at one-week low before supply data
20% of americans will spend thanksgiving with co-workers -- and not just because they're forced to be at work:
h-p, tivo to take spotlight in after-hours session
spotlight on economy: a big pre-thanksgiving plate of data
new restrictions proposed on tax-exempt groups' political activities
gold futures end near flat, holding above $1,240
groupon wavers with core issues in question
ubs lowers short-term gold price targets
10 things black friday wont tell you
retailers offer black friday deals to shoppers who pay with bitcoin:
pope francis attacks global capitalism
stocks quietly higher in holiday week
look who suffered this year
charting a slow-motion break atop nasdaq 4,000
newscast: turnaround fair play for men's retailers
the bull market is still solid
supreme court to take up contraceptive mandate
bond links: gold gives a clue to treasury action
when it pays to get a stores credit card
something to be thankful for in your 401(k)
nasdaq resumes its assault on the 4,000 mark. stock market live: 
jon stewart's brother and more leaving the new york stock exchange after ice merger
scottish refusniks want independence from the u.k.  but not from the pound
the longest nonstop flight in the world ends its run
weatherford fined over bribe, sanction charges
h-p slips to lead mild day for tech stocks
2013 vs. 1999: nasdaq 4,000 is different this time, writes @mktwhulbert.
buy domestic growth and small caps in 2014: jefferies
nasdaq resumes assault on 4,000 mark as u.s. stocks cling to narrow tuesday rise
the dirty secret of black friday discounts
consumer confidence falls in october
consumer confidence falls in october
newscast: dow remains at record highs
jon stewart's brother leaving his job at nyse and other morning reads
u.s. stocks inch up; nasdaq eyes 4,000 again
why a marriage between men's wearhouse, jos. a. bank may actually happen this time
u.s. stocks open slightly higher; sandp up 0.04%
u.s. home prices show slowing growth
retailers offer discounts to those who pay in bitcoin
u.s. house prices up 0.3% in september: fhfa
u.s. home prices rise 0.7% in september
barnes and noble drops on second-quarter sales miss
u.s. home prices rise 0.7% in september
treasury prices hold gains after housing data
tiffany jumps on outlook; jos. a. bank up on bid
u.s. stock futures slightly trim gains after data
u.s. home-building permits jump in october
october home-building permits jump to 1.03 million
take-two interactive buys back icahn shares
men's wearhouse launches bid for jos. a. bank
men's wearhouse bids $55 a share for jos. a. bank
winter storm boreas poised to hit new york region
newscast: short sales falling short
tiffany shares jump 6.2% on bright profit outlook
add "gray thursday" to your holiday shopping list
channeladvisor ceo on holiday e-sales
hewlett-packard, a cyclical green light and why silver is in trouble
apples latest deal is a gesture to the future
tax strategies for small-business owners
h-p, barnes and noble among stocks to watch tuesday
european stocks slip ahead of u.s. housing data
seth rogen, james franco go viral with this spoof of kanye west and his bucknaked, motorcycle mama
london daily gold fix being probed: report
challenging status quo bias in annuity sales
oil recovers after iran-related selling
dollar steps back from iran-spurred gains
four tips for avoiding debt on #blackfriday:
how to get black friday deals before black friday:
more than 3 million people are flying for the thanksgiving holidays this year, according to aaa.
4 stocks that are testing resistance
obamacare site may still have bugs in dec.: report
gold bounces after bogging on iran deal
want to get rich? read fiction: 5 financial lessons from great literature.
cisco and ibm had a difficult quarter: will h-p join them when the tech giant reports earnings on tuesday?
china police detain nine after pipeline blast
hong kong stocks edge up; sinopec extends losses
how to get black friday deals well before black friday:
china stocks inch higher, with hang seng index, shanghai composite up 0.1% each
japan stocks head lower, but fujifilm brightens
japan stocks head lower, but fujifilm brightens
japan stocks fall at open; nikkei average off 0.8%
8 of the most likely products to be shoplifted:
newscast: dow notches year's 42nd record high
australia stocks edge higher; gold miners rally
have money trouble? dickens and tolstoy can help. how reading fiction raises your financial intelligence:
want to retire early? punish yourself now, says @jeffreevesip. 
did apple and amazon ruin christmas?
online shopping sales seen jumping 15%
spotlight on economy; rising home prices, less homebuilding
h-p to report as turnaround hopes take hit
iran deal doesn't mean full speed ahead for business: u.s. treasury official
dow, nasdaq rise, while sandp 500 edges lower
putting nasdaq 4,000 in perspective
expenses, output don't add up for oil companies: ft
bitcoin and nine more of the likeliest bubble candidates:
nuance, workday poised for action after hours
nymex oil cuts loss, brent gains after iran deal
newscast: boeing not a hot stock after ice warning
conservative group urges senators to vote against yellen
fda orders google-backed 23andme to stop selling $99 dna test
nasdaq hits 4,000 mark for the first time in 13 years:
so what's a steepening yield curve anyway?
get in front of the next tech bubble
yahoo hires katie couric to lead news team
twitter has teamed up with time magazine in search for "person of the year."
treasurys hold mostly higher after 2-year auction
4 ways to cut your long-term care costs
stocks slightly higher to start holiday week
using options to play the indexes and solar
newscast: a little much-need profit-taking today
energy stocks down, with pioneer natural top loser
ex-fdic chief bair to meet with treasury's lew on wall street rules
yale campus told to shelter in place; gunman said to be on campus
stock market live blog: nasdaq 4,000, facebook breaks down, home sales drag
jamie dimon makes a right royal dinner at buckingham palace
inflation chatter and berlusconi on the ballot? europe's week ahead
western digital unwraps hybrid-data-storage system
more on $jpm: shares nearing $58, a level never seen under dimon.
j.p. morgan at highest-ever level under dimon
iranian oil should remain a trickle despite deal on nuclear program
facebook, yelp drop as momentum stocks lose favor
feds hint may help ecb rate cut to negative territory
u.s. stocks pare gains; nasdaq barely higher
stocks gain after iran deal; nasdaq tops 4,000
u.s. pending home sales decline in october
facebook shares fall 4.4% to $44.19
newscast: wall street kicks off shortened week
blackberry says top execs leaving, cfo replaced
treasurys slip ahead of auctions of new supply
nasdaq tops 4,000 as stocks rise at open
nasdaq rises above 4,000 for first time since 2000
nasdaq composite tops 4,000 for first time since 2000 as stocks advance monday
stock market live blog: iran deal, home sales, caterpillar in play
hedge funds still love apple even with a 0% total return
the market in a minute: do nothing
wal-mart appoints its international chief as ceo
wal-mart names doug mcmillon ceo
newscast: firms pass along more health-care costs
5 social security tax truths
inflight cell calls won't fly, says farecompare
send mutual funds back to kindergarten
don't be frozen out on thanksgiving
iran, the nikkei and why resistance is futile for staunch market bears
4 tips for avoiding debt on black friday
stock futures push higher as oil falls on iran deal
10 best bakeries in america
europe stocks move higher on iran-deal relief
europe stocks trade higher; oil companies dip
china pipeline blast due to negligence: report
dollar hits six-month high vs. yen, nears 102
japan's nikkei average ends 1.5% up at 15,619.13
how china can up its economic game
6 truly amazing uses for credit cards:
the single greatest and most underused credit-card perk:
this chart shows just how much the tax code is squeezing parents:
here are the five cars the richest americans are buying:
u.s. stocks futures higher as asia shares gain
chinas next reform test: cinda ipo
hong kong stocks fall as oil shares dragged down
hong kong's hang seng index rises 0.3% at open
8 of the most likely products to be shoplifted:
how to get black friday deals well before black friday:
japan stocks rise as yen extends loss vs. dollar
japan stocks rise as yen extends loss vs. dollar
who wants to give uncle sam an extra few hundred bucks? 78% of employees, apparently:
brent oil for january down 2.2% at $108.69/barrel
australia stocks rise after u.s. gains
'we don't need to start over' on obamacare: no. 2 house democrat hoyer
if d.c. settled down, private sector could take off
swiss voters reject proposal to cap executive pay
iran nuclear deal doesn't quiet critics' calls for more sanctions
here are 5 phone calls you still have to make:
this is a fantastic time to shop for a used car. here's why:
want to get rich? read fiction: 5 financial lessons from great literature.
10 things gates, buffett, icahn, and other billionaires won't tell you:
aaa forecasts 4.3m people will travel at least 50 miles during the long holiday weekend, 1.5% fewer than last year.
"dickens is my financial adviser." want to get rich? read fiction, writes @jolshan.
google searches for "bitcoin" hit highest levels in november. $bcoin mania in three charts:
10 things gates, buffett, icahn, and other billionaires won't tell you:
what guy would pay $100 for a pair of underwear?
u.s. and fellow world powers reach deal with iran
with the exception of zulily, most flash-sale sites are struggling:
average joes filling void left by countrywide, risking their nest eggs on loans to home buyers with lousy credit:
6 truly amazing uses for credit cards:
want to get rich? read fiction: 5 financial lessons from great literature.
this chart shows just how much the tax code is squeezing parents:
if bubbles are out there these 10 sages will warn us
how to go to college like a venture capitalist:
'hunger games' sequel expected to gross $152 mln
operations at los angeles airport back to normal
here are the five cars the richest americans are buying:
10 things department stores won't tell you:
meet porsches new tiger, the macan
crack open a can of ... wine? the weekend sip:
how large-cap stocks can give you a year-end bump:
the internet just can't get enough of bitcoin. three charts that detail the mania:
how to get black friday deals before black friday:
the number of job openings rose to 3.91m in september - the highest level since may 2008.
could the simplest way to invest be the best?
wine in a can? our weekend sip review:
newscast: sandp 500 tops 1800 mark for first time
"dickens is my financial adviser." want to get rich? read fiction, writes @jolshan.
j.c. penney to leave sandp 500
why a saturday mindset is bad for retirees
stocks gain for 7th week; sandp ends above 1,800
katie couric reportedly negotiating abc news exit for yahoo
twitter shares fall, posting first weekly loss
why a major city just outlawed the doorknob
8 products targeted by shoplifters
dow, sandp end at records, rising for 7th week
the dow gained 0.3% friday, setting its 41st record close of 2013:
sandp 500 ends above 1,800 for the first time
obamacare enrollment deadline pushed back a week
iran's crude production falls to 24-year low
bitcoin mania in three charts
the dow notched its 40th record close in 2013 on thursday. will friday bring a 41st?
microsoft sells shirts and mugs slamming google on privacy: 
why a jfk-style tax cut could leak overseas
newscast: free-shipping wars heat up
large-caps can boost your portfolio at year-end
apple rolling out ipad mini in 'stealth mode,' says analyst
wal-mart: you don't have to bust store doors to snag black friday specials
"what interests me is making it simpler and easier." an 82-year-old's approach to investing:
savers steer away from pricey annuities
10 of the best quotes ever, at least according to this reddit thread:
why the drop in jobless claims may not be such great news:
tarullo: volcker rule designed to prevent 'whale'
gold futures suffer biggest weekly loss since sept
dow 20,000 here we come, says michael sincere.
10 notable names and their recent take on where the markets stand:
wine from a bottle, box  or can?
newscast: "catching fire" heats up ticket sales
jeremy siegel sees sandp 500 2,000 as fair market value
intel outlook deflates excitement over big plans
vince, surging 52% post ipo; aiming to be the next michael kors?
eye-popping projections unfolding right on schedule
paulson won't add more to gold fund, but he still likes miners
bart service restored, but early-morning shutdown leaves commuters seething
dollar set for 2% weekly gain against aussie
sac capital's 'cohen tag bonuses,' and other banking reads
is marissa mayer superhuman?
herbalife shares gain 4.6% on ackman appearance
herbalife shares rise 5% as ackman discusses stock
september job openings rise to 3.91 million
u.s. stocks turn higher; dow up 8 points
newscast: a mixed opening after dow 16,000
intel's drop pulls the dow industrials back below 16,000
gap, ross stores down on outlook
ride the surge in bitcoin to space: richard branson
u.s. stocks edge up, but intel drop hits dow
u.s. stocks with dow loss; nasdaq up 7 pts
what do you think of allowing cellphone use on airplanes?
ann taylor parent ann reports higher profit
david tepper says his big play is airline stocks
dow 20,000 here we come: its different this time
why jobless claims drop may not be such great news
lockhart: fed will be accommodative 'for years'
dollar falls against euro after german data
newscast: pet owners spare no expense
should you follow your broker to a new firm?
best black friday ever?
iphone retina display may be obsolete by next year
put cleaning service on your holiday "nice" list
enter xbox, bitcoin for gold and the plight of broken momo stocks
you could be liable for your parents long-term care
dow futures point higher after another record close
10 notable views on whether were in a bubble
ftse 100 heads for weekly loss as tui, miners fall
pandora, gap, marvell are fridays stocks to watch
european stocks climb after ifo, eye weekly gain
european stocks climb ahead of german ifo
.@sarasjolin what goldman sachs sees in european banks.
oil steps back after strong gains
japan's nikkei average ends 0.1% up at 15,381.72
so what's a steepening yield curve? explained:
time mag cover on obamacare a bitter pill for white house:
gold creeps higher after two-day drought
vote should cellphone use be allowed on airplanes? yes:
asia stocks rise on positive u.s. lead
bond links: tips in turmoil
hong kong stocks rise, with china banks higher
hong kong stocks rise as china banks add to gains; hang seng index up 0.6%
with dow at 16,000, mr. market parties like its 1999
with dow at 16,000, mr. market parties like its 1999
dow scores first close over 16,000:
california won't extend obamacare deadline for getting new policies
boehner takes digital journey into obamacare, and it isn't pretty
japan stocks rise on yen's sharp drop; softbank up
japan's nikkei average opens 1% up at 15,513.45
intel signals bigger mobile push
newscast: dow makes history as wall street rallies
fcc may end ban on in-flight mobile-phone calls  and marketwatch wants your reaction
this gutsy bet against apple won big:
bank ceos: no appetite for acquisitions after j.p. morgan got slammed
buy cyclicals for the stock market's next buy cycle: sandp
obama management skills questioned by harvard biz prof in wake of health-care launch
covered california: is this how obamacare is supposed to look?
oncolytics shares tumble as test on cancer drug worries investors
dow ends above 16,000 for first time as stocks jump
chinese leaders are committed to reform, paulson says
apple wins $290 million in samsung case
fresh market shares drop 14% after outlook trimmed
newscast: dow tops 16,000 for the first time
nike raises dividend by 14% to 24 cents a share
marvell profit rises, results beat street
pandora's earnings in line as sales top forecasts
ross stores shares fall 6% after results
gap's full-year outlook signals tough 4th quarter
dow ends above 16,000 for the first time ever
reporting after the bell: $rost $gps
jury awards apple another $290m in samsung case
samsung owes apple another $290 million: reports
boeing freighter lands safely at air force base
looking for bubbles? try tech and london housing.
so what's a steepening yield curve anyway?
senate gone nuclear ups chances for watt to lead fhfa and loan limits to be frozen
why some largely analysts agree with einhorn on micron
pandora rival spotify gets $250m in new funding
how retirement worries shift with age
obama supports change to senate filibuster rules
live video: obama speaks on new senate rules
taper or not, qe3 isnt working
how target aims to combat consumer anxiety this holiday season
gold futures close with a loss of more than 1%
the 10 worst airports of the future:
obama nominees to get speedier votes after senate goes 'nuclear'
treasurys hold gains after 10-year tips auction
economic data lifts stocks
what j.p. morgan's $13 bln settlement means for neighborhoods, struggling homeowners
micron tech rises 5% as einhorn touts chipmaker
ubs makes immunity deal over interest rates: wsj
senate approves change to filibuster rules
lacker still opposes fed's asset-purchase plan
chesapeake, wpx energy lead energy higher
newscast: where's the mcrib?
bullish gold view 'incorrect': bofa merrill lynch
intel to quadruple tablet chips volume in 2014
where's the bubble? tech, london housing, say bloomberg subscribers
jobless claims drop to lowest level in two months
where do you get investment ideas?
drug distributors, health-tech firms feel the love from deutsche bank
cracks in growth stocks are starting to show
pandora, yahoo help pace tech gains
microsoft sells shirts and mugs slamming google on privacy
micron shares rise 4% on reported einhorn comments
tesla model s scores 99 out of 100 on consumer reports satisfaction survey
democrat reid proposes new senate rules on executive and judicial nominations
soft philly fed survey raises manufacturing doubts
treasurys extend slide after economic data
senate banking committee backs yellen to lead fed
who's in the jury pool for the sac capital trader, and other banking reads
gm shares pop on treasury plan to exit ownership
philadelphia fed index slows to 6.5 in november
u.s. stocks maintain gains after philly fed data
30-year-mortgage rate falls to 4.22%
newscast: target has a tough quarter
gamestop a big decliner as most tech stocks rise
goldman: 2014 will see gold, copper drop 15% or more
target has rough start in canada as u.s. sales lag forecast
u.s. stocks on rise at open after jobless-claims decline
u.s. wholesale costs fall again in october
u.s. markit flash pmi rebounds in november
treasury to sell remaining gm stake by year-end
jobless claims at lowest level in two months
treasury prices pare gains on jobless claims
u.s. weekly jobless claims fall more than expected to 323,000
green mountain climbs; dollar tree, target slide
u.s. wholesale costs drop 0.2% in october
target shares drop after it cuts outlook
dollar tree shares slide after earnings miss
1 in 5 u.s. flights were delayed or canceled this year
newscast: the going still tough for sears
cisco says don't fear showrooming. embrace it
goldman trading slump tied in part to bad yen trade
best buys holiday season: half-full or half empty?
amway ceo on spurring economic growth
bitcoin at $676 amid slightly less volatility
decoding your 401(k) plans ridiculous jargon
confusion about advisers can cost investors
2014 mercedes-benz s65 amg unleashed
green mountain, target, pandora are stocks to watch
european stocks hit by pmis, fed minutes
german pmis remain solid, as france slides
european stocks hurt by fed minutes, china data
benchmark treasury yields spike to two-month high
japan's nikkei average ends 1.9% up at 15,365.60
the wednesday before thanksgiving will be the busiest travel day of the year, aaa says.
chinas new message: let reforms blossom
10 things gates, buffett, icahn, and other billionaires won't tell you:
6 truly amazing uses for credit cards:
mike tyson delivers another smash hit in viral foot locker advert
j.c. penney ceo:  "we've turned a corner"
bank of japan stands pat; economic view unchanged
asia stocks fall as fed taper worries resurface
bank of japan keeps policy unchanged, as expected
china manufacturing growth cools
the single greatest and most underused credit-card perk:
china manufacturing pmi hits two-month low: hsbc
china manufacturing activity slips to two-month low as export orders fall: hsbc
retail sales rose last month at the fastest pace since july.
china stocks fall ahead of manufacturing data
china stocks fall ahead of manufacturing data; hang seng index down 0.5%
japan stocks get fresh bump from weaker yen
japan stocks rise as dollar retake 100-yen level; nikkei average up 0.6%
japan's nikkei average opens 0.7% up at 15,176.65
robin hood conference to feature dimon, geithner, ackman, summers and more
newscast: wall street slips after fed minutes
aaa forecasts 4.3m people will travel at least 50 miles during the long holiday weekend, 1.5% fewer than last year.
78% of employees blow this simple chance to save $600 on their taxes:
why rebalancing could be a huge mistake:
green mountain shares volatile on earnings, outlook
energy stocks end lower, hit by fed taper talk
white house says obamacare is bending health inflation cost curve
is yahoo about to make another big buy? analyst cites chatter on snapchat, pinterest, buzzfeed
newscast: fed minutes douse stocks
green mountain shares slide on weak outlook
the most famous virtual currency has continued to keep things interesting:
sales of single-serve coffee have tripled since 2011
green mountain sees q1 eps of 85c-95c vs est. 96c
green mountain q4 rev $1.05 bln vs $947 mln yr ago
u.s. stocks close lower after fed minutes
green mountain q4 net 83c vs 58c year ago
u.s. stocks close sharply lower after fed minutes
eurodollar contracts suggest rate hike a ways off
bitcoin continues to swing without any help from central banks
why economic doom and gloom makes for a merrier christmas:
fewer people will travel for thanksgiving: aaa
nymex oil ends near flat as dec. contract expires
this is a fantastic time to shop for a used car. here's why:
newscast: stocks wobble after fed minutes
that last tweet should read: from the @tradingdeck: why dow 16,000 won't last.
from the @trading deck: why dow 16,000 won't last.
gold futures suffer brief halt after sudden $10 drop: nanex
gold at 4-month low, down in electronic trade
fed minutes suggest central bank wants to slow down bond buying
stocks turn negative after fed minutes
fed weighed date or size limit to bond buys
fed minutes: could slow buys at next few meetings
7 tips for juggling a career and elder care
j.c. penney's ullman: theft hasn't helped the turnaround
more shoes are yet to drop on jamie dimon and j.p. morgan, writes @sital.
coming up: fed meeting minutes for october
some bitcoin trading and investing strategies as prices swing
coming up: fomc minutes for october
is 70 the 'right' retirement age?
what's a negative deposit rate anyway?
stocks face more headwinds approaching dow 16,000
what stimulus vs. normal monetary policy really means
we face devastating storms, both physical and financial
starship apple will soon rise in silicon valley.
a midday check-in on the main indexes: 

dow +12
nasdaq +13
sandp 500 +3
globaldow -5

stock market live:
$1 million in gold found in airplane toilet
bullard says bluntly what bernanke had hinted: taper may be coming soon
easy moneys winners and losers
triple whammy hits obamacare with cybersecurity, progress questions
lots of joy over retail sales today:
wild price swings continued for a second day with bitcoin.
devon energy jumps on $6 billion eagle ford shale acquisition
bullard says tapering on table in december
j.c. penney ceo: 'we've turned a corner'
euro drops below $1.35 on ecb deposit rate report
sen. corker says he'll support yellen nomination
oil futures turn higher after eia supply data
sen. corker says he'll support yellen
existing-home sales hit lowest pace in four months
builders upped at raymond james on 'hope trade'
u.s. existing-home sales fall in october
oil futures edge lower ahead of supply data
existing-home sales fall 3.2% in october
newscast: wall street sorts through some earnings
treasurys inch higher after retail, inflation data
the 'volcker rule' isn't tough enough, and other morning reads
u.s. stocks on rise early wednesday following upbeat retail data
leno: 'you look much more relaxed'; george w. bush: 'duh'
coming up: u.s. existing-home sales for october
u.s. stocks open mostly higher; sandp 500 up 0.1%
stock market live blog: j.c. penney sizzles while stocks wait for fomc minutes
u.s. consumer prices decline in october
u.s. retail sales accelerate in october
j.c. penney, deere jump on earnings
live blog: j.c. penney shares rise on upgrades to fourth-quarter outlook
u.s. monthly retail sales rise
u.s. consumer prices fall 0.1% in october
u.s. stock futures add to modest gains after data
u.s. consumer prices fall 0.1% in october
u.s. retail sales climb 0.4% in october
coming up: u.s. retail sales, consumer inflation
j.c. penney loss widens; margin view lifts stock
chanos takes on buffett, calls exxon and fellow oil majors a 'value trap'
5 great credit cards for holiday shopping
newscast: best buy wants your old iphone and ipad
deere fourth-quarter profit beats; shares climb
lowes raises outlook after quarterly earnings
want to expand your portfolio? just add water
what you dont know about googles self-driving cars
the mulally premium, and more from the 'sexiest fed chairman alive'
repeated financial storms threaten global economy
why rebalancing could be a huge mistake
stock futures flat ahead of fomc, retail sales
ftse 100 eases; boe hints of economic worries
marc faber sees bubbles, says yellen could make it worse
europe stocks drift south; metro up, alcatel off
oil futures rise, helped by weak dollar
dollar eases after bernanke comments
j.c. penney, staples are stocks to watch
gold prices inch higher ahead of fed minutes
the 10 dumbest things climate-change deniers say
here are the five cars the richest americans are buying:
asia stocks trade mixed ahead of fed minutes
10 things gates, buffett, icahn, and other billionaires won't tell you:
6 truly amazing uses for credit cards:
hong kong stocks rise as financials extend rally; hang seng index up 0.7%
5 sites teens flock to instead of facebook:
hong kong's hang seng index up 0.6% at 23,808.10
bernanke: fed to move toward talk as key policy tool
with the exception of zulily, most flash-sale sites are struggling:
japan stocks rise as dollar strengthens, with nikkei average up 0.4%
japan's nikkei average opens 0.3% up at 15,176.35
japan's trade deficit unexpectedly widens in oct.
the greatest and most underused credit-card perk:
bernanke: fed likely to hold rates near zero well after jobless rate hits 6.5%
fed to move away from qe to guidance: bernanke
jandj shares are helped by findings on stroke-prevention medication
there may be more shoes to drop after j.p. morgan settlement
larry summers urges focus on growth to control debt
j.p. morgan: part of deal will be tax-deductible
j.p. morgan: part of deal will be tax-deductible
yahoo adds $5 bln to buyback program; shares rise
yahoo adds $5 billion to share buyback program
yahoo shares rise 1.7% after buyback announcement
stocks edge lower; dow ends 4-session win streak
jpm cfo: significant portion of reserves for rmbs
j.p. morgan: bulk of losses were from bear, wamu
justice department details the 'event 3 suspect loans that were allowed into securitizations
j.p. morgan: not admitting to any violation of law
j.p. morgan ceo and cfo hold investor call
la-z-boy shares rise after results beat street
president obama was interviewed at today's #wsjceocouncil. our recap:
la-z-boy shares rise 7% after quarterly results
stocks end modestly lower; dow snaps win streak
no reason to believe jobless rate false - census
j.p. morgan: significant portion of issues covered
spotlight on economy: retailers, home sellers may see softness
fed's evans in no hurry to taper: report
'cleaning up the mess': what the regulators are saying about the j.p. morgan settlement
ny ag: expect other bank settlements to follow
score free schwag on black friday
who's profiting from the detroit bankruptcy? our @beneisen takes a look:  
bp reaches record number of drilling rigs in the gulf
the #wsjceocouncil qanda with president obama about to start. follow live here:
j.p. morgan deal has $4 billion in consumer relief
j.p. morgan admits blame in $13 billion settlement
live blog of president barack obama interview at wall street journal ceo council
nymex oil ends higher ahead of u.s. supply updates
apple itunes radio trails pandora in twitter sentiment tracked by piper jaffray
newscast: dow shies away from 16k once again
white house official tries to explain why obama isn't at gettysburg
whos profiting from the detroit bankruptcy
yellen defends qe3 in letters to senators
forget tapering as new catalysts emerge
ny ag to discuss mbs related to j.p. morgan
ny ag to hold 2:15 pm presser on j.p. morgan
warren buffett says stocks are 'in a zone of reasonableness'
j.p. morgan mortgage relief is little and late
home depot sees continued tailwind from housing market recovery
elon musk laments "unjust" public interest in tesla fires
gates chokes up at microsofts annual meeting
charting the second approach of dow 16,000
real housewives of new jersey stars face additional fraud charges
newscast: dow 16k still elusive
direct edge ceo: investors arent getting ripped off
1,000 dow points aren't what they used to be
wsj: jandj's hip-implant settlement will be lower than expected
google to remove image of slain teen from google maps
salesforce shares down ahead of benioff keynote
give thanks for family caregivers
blackrock's fink calls for reverse great rotation
boston scientific up on device ok; medtronic stumbles on earnings
best buy's high 'table stakes' this holiday shopping season
carl icahn clarifies his stock-caution comments as others downplay them
white house vows to veto gop energy, fracking bills
salesforce falls, microsoft rises ahead of meeting
red-hot china may burn long-term investors
stocks turn up as ecb official says qe is possible
this chart reveals just how stiff the headwinds may be for apple in coming years:
u.s. stocks turn higher; sandp 500 up 0.1%
salesforce slips on margin, growth worries
newscast: home depot helps the dow
salesforce losses lead tech's decline
u.s. stocks waver at the open; dow gains 0.1%
stock market live blog: tesla losing its fire as home depot lifts outlook
dow 16,000 won't last
best buy shares slide; tesla fires in focus
bitcoin retreats to $502 from $900 level as price swings widen and volume jumps
employment cost index up 0.4% in third quarter
bitcoin swing widens, drops to over $500 from $900
new low for obama in poll after health-care mess, and more morning reads
why bleak retail outlook is great for shoppers
are flash-sale sites a flash in the pan?
the greatest, most underused credit card perk
tesla shares tumble in premarket after request for federal probe of car fires
tesla hit in premarket on news of fire probe
best buy shares slide 7.8% premarket on disappointing earnings
best credit cards for holiday travel rewards
home depot, a bitcoin bender and ripe japanese small caps
online learning gets more interactive
ftse 100 breaks 3-day winning streak; miners fall
coming to grips with portfolio decumulation
whats your $1 million payday really worth?
all crowdfunding capitalists should ask this question
how wal-mart, major retailers dividends stack up
u.s. taper, debt crisis threaten global recovery: oecd
german economic confidence climbs to 4-year high
co-op chairman resigns after flowers revelations
bitcoin surges atop $900 before dropping 15%
sony pictures hires bain to help cut costs: report
wal-mart to match competitors black friday deals a week early
europe stocks fall from multiyear highs; zew ahead
dollar inches lower as monetary policy dominates
japan's nikkei average ends down 0.3% at 15,126.56
oil moves lower with supply in focus
the perfectly legal way big data may be gaming mutual funds:
this chart shows just how much the tax code is squeezing parents:
10 things gates, buffett, icahn, and other billionaires won't tell you:
how the rich sell real estate:
gold rises after three-day win streak ends
you'll pay for the mega airline merger:
checking europe's vital signs in the week ahead
did goldman sachs really get four out of five big 2013 investment recommendations right? our report card:
hong kong stocks up on financials; shanghai slips
hong kong stocks rise with china banks strong; hang seng index up 0.5%
hong kong's hang seng index up 0.6% at 23,797.42
bank-stocks fund hits highest level since crisis
10 things billionaires won't tell you:
japan stocks fall early, though sony, olympus gain
japan stocks slip as banks, exporters drag on market; nikkei average down 0.3%
newscast: dow sets fresh new high, but sandp fails
dow 16,000 is not the finish line for this market
australia stocks follow u.s. peers lower
typical homeowner in nevada or california lost $100k in wealth through recession:
best holiday temp jobs for boomers:
google's @youtube homepage was unavailable late monday.
how the stock market day went: our recap.
report: maria bartiromo to join fox business
one-quarter of mortgage settlement relief is from payments banks couldn't collect, according to analysis.
sandp 500, nasdaq drop; dow ekes out record close
sandp 500, nasdaq drop; dow ekes out record close
senate banking panel sets thursday vote on yellen
j.p. morgan, justice department reach terms for $4 billion in consumer relief, reports @wsj.
five virtual currencies other than bitcoin:
stocks end mostly lower after icahn sees big drop
urban outfitters shares rise 2% after results
dow ekes out a small gain, posting its 39th record close this year.
u.s. stocks end mostly down but dow ekes out gain
"our main lead is that there is a single perpetrator." paris shooting treated as possibly terrorist-related.
sen. carper says virtual currencies should be addressed by congress "where appropriate." senate hearing live blog:
do this before lending cash to family:
dow erases gains, down 2 points to 15,959
treasury path to riches? a look at geithner and more
home-builder confidence falls short of forecasts:
a senate hearing on virtual currencies is about to start. follow live:
sixth-fastest 1,000-point run on record has the dow atop 16,000:
writer's promising obamacare jaunt turns into a tech-induced odyssey
bitcoin prices soaring to new highs ahead of a u.s. senate committee meeting today.
george zimmerman arrested after disturbance call
checking in on the main indexes: 

dow +54
nasdaq -5
sandp 500 +2
globaldow +20

stock market live:
are the bulls really invincible? from the @tradingdeck:
$tsla $twtr down more than 5%. track both here:
here are 5 reasons to expect a correction, says @jeffreevesip: 
twitter shares fall 5%; tesla shares skid 8.2%
twitter shares fall 5%; tesla shares skid 8.2%
sony has made its first bid for control of your living room, with the launch of its playstation 4.
this bull market isn't old or unusual, argues john prestbo:
fed's dudley growing more hopeful about economy
a u.s. military drone malfunctioned, crashing into the side of a navy warship. bad news for robotics plays?
we graded goldman sachs's 2013 market forecasts. the results:
this was likely the dow's 6th fastest 1,000 point gain, and the sandp 4th-fastest 100-point move. stock market live:
bitcoin was off to the races on monday, soaring to new highs above $600.
stock market live: dow breaks through 16,000, momentarily 
t-mobile sells additional 6.6 mln shares
u.s. home-builder confidence gauge falls short of forecast
newscast: stocks capture new milestones
treasurys inch up on dovish policy outlook
boeing leads dow gainers on 777x aircraft orders
sony among tech gainers after ps 4 launch
5 reasons to expect a correction
why the euro zone wont be any calmer in 2014
sandp 500 tops 1,800; up 0.1%
dow industrials clear 16,000 level as u.s. stocks open week higher
year-end tax moves for small businesses
ranchland owners say howdy to special loans
dollar drops against euro and other currencies
the 'volcker rule' could be delayed until next year, and other morning reads
paris police hunt gunman after shootings
paris police hunt gunman at large after shootings
sony says a million playstation 4 consoles were sold on first day in n. america
cheney family gay-marriage dispute escalates, and more morning reads
tyson jumps 3.4% premarket on earnings growth
dollar falls ahead of fed speeches
investors often last to see a funds portfolio moves
you don't have to part with $400 to get a ps4
crude oil slips; saudi exports surge in september
bitcoin flies above $600 on hopes of d.c. blessing, china buzz
flight plans after american-us airways merger
for long-term care, you're on your own
emerging markets stocks deserve a closer look
10 of the best 2014 cars under $30,000
aberdeen rallies in london, leads ftse 100 higher
european stocks retreat after 6-week winning streak
european stocks waver after 6-week winning streak
china reforms get market cheers, though doubts remain
fed may delay volcker rule to july 2015: report
japan nikkei average ends almost flat at 15,164.30
need to walk off the pounds you gobble up on thanksgiving? consider these stores: 
how to negotiate with movers:
why boomers are happier than millennials at work:
5 sites teens flock to instead of facebook:
10 things bars won't tell you:
the u.s. postal service stamps out sunday for good:
how the rich sell real estate:
don't let your dog send you to the poor house. here's how to negotiate with your vet:
hong kong stocks jump, leading asia higher
10 things cruise lines won't tell you:
want 18% returns? become a subprime lender.
the fastest way to send money electronically:
china stocks rally after release of reform details
you'll pay for the mega airline merger:
you can still get a job with a pension:
some contrarian advice: don't take out a fixed-rated mortgage:
hong kong h-share index up 2.9% at 11,016.91 early
hong kong's hang seng index up 1.6% premarket
this chart shows just how much the tax code is squeezing parents:
japan blue chips lose hold of opening gains
japan stocks rise as financials gain, yen aids exporters; nikkei average up 0.4%
japan's nikkei average opens 0.6% up at 15,253.24
coffee prices plummet, but not at starbucks:
in 10% of couples, one spouse has a secret credit card for holiday shopping:
2 tornadoes hit illinois as storms rip midwest
50 killed as russian airline's boeing 737 crashes
drone malfunctions, damages navy ship; bad news for robotics plays?
boeing sets record with 777x jetliner launch
philippine damage estimates jump; aquino tours key city
6 contractors in afghanistan beheaded
philippine damage estimates jump; aquino tours key city
6 afghan contractors beheaded; bomb kills 12
tech exuberance feeds stock-market bubble talk
monday's stocks to watch: salesforce, urban outfitters, tyson
6 truly amazing uses for credit cards:
tech exuberance feeds stock-market bubble talk
sales of e-cigarettes may surpass traditional smokes within the decade, analysts say:
"we just get richer and richer." 10 things billionaires won't tell you:
what did warren buffett see in exxon, and should you follow him?
four reasons to choose community college:
5 ways to know you're in a bubble:
5 states where homeowners lost the most money:
10 things billionaires won't tell you:
median property values in california fell $102,600 following the recession:
you'll pay for the mega airline merger:
10 things gates, buffett, icahn, and other billionaires won't tell you:
the real reason hardly anyone signed up for obamacare:
in 10% of couples, one spouse has a secret credit card for holiday shopping:
want 18% returns? become a subprime lender.
obamacare is driving some doctors to refuse insurance. they say it saves them 40% on overhead:
this chart shows just how much the tax code is squeezing parents:
job seekers are padding resumes with pricey credentials. are they worth it?
this chart shows just how much the tax code is squeezing parents:
you can still get a job with a pension:
how to go to college like a venture capitalist:
aston martin flexes its luxury muscles with volante vanquish convertible
boeing says it may build new 777x outside u.s.
geithner to join warburg pincus: wsj
philippine typhoon death toll rises: reports
boeing says it may build new 777x outside u.s.
geithner to join warburg pincus: wsj
how an obamacare disaster could make stocks 'go vertical'
some contrarian advice: don't take out a fixed-rated mortgage:
why big oil will shrink and its stocks tumble
variable annuities: right or wrong for you?
roughly 40% of all couples have spats over how much to spend during the holidays, study shows.
the average rate for the 30-year fixed-rate mortgage hit the highest level in two months. 
for all you gamers out there. how to get a playstation 4 for half price:
as foreign aid pours in to the philippines, this country is being singled out for its initial pledged donation:
need to walk off the pounds you gobble up on thanksgiving? consider these stores: 
president obama gave you a reprieve. but should you keep your health insurance plan?
sell your current playstation console and you could get the new one for half price:
when will plummeting coffee prices be reflected in the cost of a cup of joe? hint: never.
new data released by the u.s. census bureau shows the dramatic effects that the recession had on real estate values:
job seekers are padding resumes with pricey credentials. are they worth it?
sandp 500, dow hit records, rise for 6th week
average joes filling void left by countrywide, risking their nest eggs on loans to home buyers with lousy credit:
some contrarian advice from @simonconstable: don't take out a fixed-rated mortgage.
you can get a playstation 4 for half price by trading in your playstation 3:
for down payments, 15% is the new 20%:
this week, rye, "the black sheep of whiskey," gets its due. our weekend sip review:
four reasons to choose a two-year community college program over a four-year degree program:
why jamie dimon isn't the worst ceo on wall street:
j.p. morgan could pay $4.5 billion in settlement, @wsj reports.
10 things billionaires won't tell you:
used like this, credit cards can achieve wonderful things:
5 ways to know you're in a bubble:
ding! ding! by the numbers: 

dow +86
nasdaq +13
sandp 500 +7
globaldow +15

stock market live:
how the rich sell real estate:
obamacare is driving some doctors to refuse insurance. they say it saves them 40% on overhead:
how to go to college like a venture capitalist:
the u.s. postal service stamps out sunday for good:
dow, sandp 500 rise for 6th consecutive week
twitter shares are down. here's why:
the new sony playstation 4 went on sale friday for $399. but that price tag comes with a cheat code:
batkid wish comes true for 5-year-old cancer patient in san francisco
5 states where homeowners lost the most money:
sandp 500, dow set for sixth straight week of gains:
roughly 40% of all couples have spats over how much to spend during the holidays, says study.
cme group victim of cyber attack in july
apple still trails samsung in mobile-phone sales
"private investor demand for physical silver in 2013 has been staggering." from our commodities corner:
the real reason hardly anyone signed up for obamacare:
"the older you are, the more likely you are to be an entrepreneur."
our howard gold points out: health care stocks have outpaced the overall market for more than two years.
is the fed driving people to drink?
exxon shares took the buffett seal of approval and ran with it friday: shares up 1.1%. 
traders continue to talk about chinese etfs, including $gxc. stock market live: 
about 33 million americans, or more than 1 in 10,  plan to go shopping on thanksgiving day.
what did warren buffett see in exxon, and should you follow him?
checking in on the main indexes: 

dow +45
nasdaq +3
sandp +2
globaldow +11

stock market live:
thousands of would-be buyers across the u.s. waited for hours to get their hands on sony's playstation 4.
shares of zulily up 87% in initial post-ipo trades on nasdaq
forbes magazine publisher exploring sale: report
ackman's firm takes 10% stake in fannie, freddie: 
u.s. mint sales of american eagle silver bullion coins have already hit a record this year:
twitter shares edging lower as options trading begins friday
twitter rated a sell by sandp capital
a red flag against following billionaires trades
september u.s. wholesale inventories climb 0.4%
eton park, soros take stakes in mead johnson
agilent rallies on results; twitter slips
new york manufacturing index turns negative
rye, the black sheep of whiskey, gets its due
fannie, freddie leap on pershing square investment
u.s. stocks start slightly higher; dow up 17 pts
tis the season to lie to your spouse
u.s. industrial production edges lower in october
october industrial production down 0.1%
silver coin supplies buckle on fever-pitch retail buys
zulily prices public offering at $22 per share
four reasons to choose community college
65% of obamacare enrollees come from five states
tile shop edges up after denying gotham claims
icahn and cooperman part ways on apple shares
u.s. import prices decline in october
u.s. import prices decline 0.7% in october
u.s. import prices decline 0.7% in october
november empire state index turns negative
ftse 100 trims weekly loss as banks, resources gain
dissecting the obamacare 'fumble,' and more morning reads
5 states where homeowners lost the most money
newscast: will gas prices reverse course?
china to loosen one-child rule as part of reforms
fed's 'dodo' model, backing out of apple, fedex and xom love
used car loans can be clunkers too
the investment boomer women cant do without
eight big retailers open on thanksgiving
nordstrom, fedex, kimberly are stocks to watch
soros mellows bearish call on sandp 500
european stocks set to break weekly winning streak
u.s. dollar, aussie rise, as yen eases
china reports say big reform details due next week
in november 2008, the $vix said "buy," but the market fell 40%. lessons to draw from that experience:
you'll pay for us airways-american deal, writes @jenwatersmkw. mergers historically = higher prices.
why you should stay in a hotel - instead of mom's house - over thanksgiving:
sales of e-cigarettes may surpass traditional smokes within the decade, analysts say:
rumors of the demise of the employee pension are slightly exaggerated:
obamacare is driving some doctors to refuse insurance. they say it saves them 40% on overhead:
the u.s. postal service stamps out sunday for good:
hong kong, shanghai stocks rise; resources gain
hong kong stocks track regional gains, with hang seng index up 0.9%
the u.s. trade deficit rose in september for the third straight month
some contrarian advice from @simonconstable: don't take out a fixed-rated mortgage:
fico says consumers can now see their credit scores for free. here's the catch: 99% of consumers still have to pay.
for down payments, 15% is the new 20%:
japan stocks rise as yen slips, wall street gains
japan stocks rise, with nikkei average up 1.1% to reclaim 15,000 level
japan's nikkei average opens 1.1% up at 15,034.33
yellen says she did not see a bubble in the stock market
when wal-mart struggles, other retailers thrive
australian stocks edge lower, but gold miners rise
exxon, kimberly-clark rise; nordstrom falls
dan loeb ups stake in fedex, google, trims yahoo
dan loeb ups stake in fedex, google, trims yahoo
einhorn firm reports new stake in intrexon
soros took big microsoft, fedex stakes in q3
john paulson holds onto gold, boosts mining stake
moody's cuts morgan, goldman and j.p. morgan debt
obama says he fumbled health-law rollout
spotlight on the economy: an 'empire' to assess, and imports and inventories too
should you keep your insurance plan?
here are the 5 cars the richest americans are buying.
applied materials swings to profit; outlook weak
janet yellen and 13 other influential women
stocks end higher on yellen; records for dow, sandp
dow, sandp post record closes for 2nd day in a row
not a 'single-minded super dove': yellen reactions
the marketwatch ceo of the year is ... tesla's elon musk.
tile shop "adamantly denies" gotham's allegations
microsoft opens center for fighting cybercrime
#askjpm. one of those seemingly good ideas that went horribly wrong:
stock bubbles, market troubles and aging bulls
insurers nervous about obamacare 'fix,' says it could upset markets
new york regulator to consider license for virtual currencies like bitcoin
oil futures settle lower after volatile session
new cholesterol drug rules sow confusion
10 things obamacare won't tell you:
ny regulator to hold hearing on bitcoin regulation
on the earnings wall today: $wmt $tyc $csco $via $amat
u.s. corporate-bond issuance in 2013 surges above $1 trillion
trade against the idiot hedge fund 'professionals'
yellen faces questions on bubbles, regulation
liberals dreaming of warren in white house
fannie, freddie shares continue to rise on takeover hopes
obama offers to let insurers keep policies
$twtr hit the ground running last week. but if you think it's all upside from here, think again, writes @jeffreevesip
black friday to start on ... thanksgiving thursday.
meredith whitney's hedge fund is for real
cisco outlook hit tech stocks, but twitter and apple rallying:
fannie, freddie soar again; carlyle upped to buy
cisco outlook hits techs, but twitter rallies
yellen gets vote of confidence from greenspan
best quote from hearing so far? live janet yellen nomination hearing:
obama announcement on health-care law set for 11:45 a.m.
treasurys swing higher as yellen testifies:
we've got two live blogs going on right now. yellen nomination hearing:
gotham city zooms in on tile shop's china supplier
google: government data requests have doubled in past three years
contra costa has suffered steepest home-price drop among large u.s. counties
wal-mart's battles could lead to industry bloodbath over the holidays
tile shop sinks 23% on gotham city report
natural-gas prices pare loss after eia data
google: government data requests doubled in 3 yrs
index breakouts lead to eye-popping projections
obama announcement at 11:35 eastern expected to include fix for dropped coverage
as yellen, obama nominee for fed chairwoman, appears before senate panel, these are the jobs no woman has ever held:
treasurys dip as yellen testimony begins
30-year-mortgage rate rises to 4.35%
live blog and video: janet yellen appears before senate banking committee
newscast: demand for ipos starts to cool
stocks flatline, waiting for yellen; cisco drops
meet andrew huszar, the ex-fed insider who hates qe
cisco shares, down 12% early thursday, trip short-sale circuit breaker
cisco shares trip short-sale circuit breaker
u.s. stocks waver at open; all eyes on yellen
u.s. trade gap rises for third straight month
yellen knows the cost of fed failures
bernanke: arab bank group can aid crisis response
jobless claims, yellen, cisco's drag. we're live-blogging the stock market:
u.s. jobless claims drop 2,000 to 339,000
u.s. weekly jobless-benefits claims fall slightly
j.p. morgan tweet idea gone horribly wrong: #askjpm
u.s. jobless claims fall slightly to 339,000
cisco systems, kohls drop as their outlooks disappoint
september trade deficit widens to $41.8 billion
u.s. third-quarter productivity climbs 1.9%
ireland to exit bailout without extra credit line
gundlach: wall street the 'only game in town,' but i won't buy high
newscast: fed nominee to testify
tesla's elon musk named marketwatch ceo of the year for 2013
fico makes credits scores free  for almost no one
wal-mart shares down as company adjusts guidance
kohl's shares plunge on lowered guidance
a unique risk for twitter stock
and the marketwatch ceo of the year is ...
cisco shares slide 11% premarket after earnings
black friday fades to black
tyco swings to profit, lifts dividends
yellen, japanese gdp lift stock futures
internet bubble is californias next big quake
how entrepreneurship extends boomers careers
euro further undermined as euro-zone growth slows
morgan stanley: taper to start in next couple of months
europe stocks driven higher by yellen remarks
euro falls on slower growth in france, germany
goldman's cohen says value remains in u.s. stocks
oil tiptoes higher on dollar, supply data
dollar slips vs. euro, with yellen hearing on tap
japan's nikkei average ends 2.1% up at 14,876.41
this month is the fifth anniversary of something no market timer should ever forget, writes @mktwhulbert.
stock gains push 401(k) balances to new highs
sandp beater? new index tracks 10 billionaires:
china catches bitcoin buzz, but with familiar doubts
why hardly anyone signed up for obamacare:

for down payments, 15% is the new 20%:
10 best new midprice cars for 2014:
brian wilson picks the beard over the new york yankees
hong kong stocks rise, with mainland banks strong
hong kong stocks join regional gains, with hang seng index up 0.7%
would you even consider this high-tech $100 pair of men's underwear?
bernanke wishes job rate was 5% instead of 7%
sales of e-cigarettes may surpass traditional smokes within the decade, analysts say:
seeking value in northern europe
obamacare's first month: 106k signed up, 27k via fed exchanges.
obamacare is driving some doctors to refuse insurance. they say it saves them 40% on overhead:
morgan stanley's reinhart has 12 questions for janet yellen:
japan's nikkei average opens 0.7% up at 14,665.75
japan growth slows but beats forecasts; yen slips
japan q3 gdp rises 1.9% vs. year earlier
california's obamacare enrollment beats 36 other states combined
australia stocks rise, with gold miners gaining
some contrarian advice from @simonconstable: don't take out a fixed-rated mortgage:
rumors of the demise of the employee pension are slightly exaggerated:
read this before giving to a philippines charity:
@my_cogitation actually, try this one instead:
@my_cogitation here you go:
cisco shares fall 10% on weak outlook
average joes filling void left by countrywide, risking their nest eggs on loans to home buyers with lousy credit:
api data show crude supply up about 600,000 barrels
cisco expects revenue to decline 8% to 10%. street was expecting a gain of 4%. stock down 7%. live blog:
cisco shares fall 6%, adding to losses
more on cisco: chambers confirms that the federal shutdown had an impact on the company's results.
$csco ceo chambers highlights weakness in emerging markets which is more than 20% of firm's product business. live:
obamacare enrollment is worse than initial estimate:
yellen: "supporting the recovery today is the surest path to returning to a more normal approach to monetary policy"
yellen to tell senate committee 'qe' ...
tesla: low pressure aluminum casting press failed
tesla: 3 workers injured by hot metal from press
cisco profit slips, revenue misses targets
$csco and $ntap have reported. earnings wall:
cisco shares fall 1.8% after hours
netapp posts higher second-quarter profit, revenue
netapp q2 profit 48c a share vs 30c a share
stocks end up; dow, sandp 500 rise to record closes
3 shot around pittsburgh high school, reports say
live blog: cisco fiscal first-quarter earnings call
stocks add to gains; dow hits intraday record
obamacare enrollment at 106,185, hhs says
oil gains, but stays below $94 before supply data
coming soon: obamacare enrollment figures
following what billionaires are investing in could help you beat the sandp 500, almost every time.
when john chambers talks: how $csco shares have reacted to things its ceo has said.
want to give to a philippines charity? read this first
six stocks to watch:
political cost of obamacare quickly adds up for democrats
listed on our earnings wall today: $csco $ntap $m $wmt
newscast: macy's stokes hopes for green christmas
motorola debuts $179 smartphone without contract
get ready to pay less for gasoline, more for heating, doe says
some of the key takeaways from what may (or may not) be the start of the biggest reform push in china since the 90s:
u.s. october budget deficit $92 billion: treasury
facebook made $3 billion bid for snapchat: wsj
stocks hit session highs on yellen talk; sandp on track for record close
the anniversary our @mktwhulbert says no market timer should ever forget:
stocks reach session highs; dow up 16 points
who cares if we are we in a bubble?
oh, those wacky colorado obamacare ads ...
after many months of hype, china paraded out its sweeping reform plans. some key takeaways:
comments made by cisco ceo john chambers have become an indicator of business sentiment. his notable remarks:
bitcoin jumped to yet another all-time high, pushing above $400 on the trading exchange mt. gox.
the latest on tech stocks in 6 seconds:
meet the most powerful woman in the world:
you'll pay for us airways-american merger, writes @jenwatersmkw. 
deal likely means higher airfares.
investors may need to start reining in their expectations for deliverable reform out of china, says craig stephen:
airline stocks still reacting to news of the american-u.s. airways pact.
euro drops below $1.34 as ecb's praet talks easing
chegg shares slide in ipo debut, but extended stay gets warm welcome
chegg slumps on debut to fall below ipo price
microsoft abandons forced ranking of employees
youll pay for us airways-american merger
chegg shares drop to $11.13 vs ipo price of $12.50
newscast: gas prices at 3-year lows
extended stay shares rise 15% in ipo debut
techs slip but cisco up ahead of report
meet the most powerful woman in the world
stocks extend retreat from record levels, open lower on china, u.k. worries
u.s. stocks open lower as china worries weigh
freud portrait by bacon sells for $142 million, smashing record
macy's surprise bodes well for holiday shopping
stock market live blog: china fears ahead of yellen hearing
macys, potbelly shares surge on earnings
when john chambers talks: cisco ceo's comments versus the stock market
treasurys gain ahead of 10-year note auction
the anniversary no market timer should ever forget
losses in stock futures accelerate amid china worries
losses pick up for stock futures
yellens style, if not substance, to be on display
bitcoin pushes above $400 for new record high
potbelly shares surge premarket on strong earnings
rick perry struggling for traction ahead of 2016, and more morning reads
you can still get a job with a pension
pfizer, cisco and turning around the exxon mobil aircraft carrier
when $csco ceo john chambers speaks, the market listens:
an energy self-sufficient u.s.?
u.k. stocks slump on boe rate-hike fears
stock futures dip after pullback, as china disappoints
10 best new midprice cars for 2014
boe: 7% unemployment reachable before 2016
potbelly, chegg, macys, cisco are stocks to watch
u.k. stocks slide ahead of inflation report
treasury's jack lew says the u.s. economy is thriving
europe mirrors asian weakness; boe report in view
europe stocks fall ahead of u.k. inflation report
oil halts decline, with supply in focus
which ceo made this a great year for shareholders, customers and employees? take a look at our six nominees:
pound falls ahead of quarterly inflation report
beijing still recoiling from market forces
gold dips further on fresh taper fears
bitcoin, "momentum" stocks, and farmland are among these next 10 investment bubbles:
what does it take to become a 401(k) millionaire? some tips here:
of 40 bitcoin trading platforms created in the past three years, 13 closed without warning, research shows.
chinas reform announcement: five key takeaways
borrow anything: hotels will lend you a pet. airlines will lend you an ipad.
goldman's blankfein: the ice has thawed between banks and the government.
asia stocks decline on profit-taking, data
elon musk fires back after george clooney disses the tesla roadster
sales of e-cigarettes may surpass traditional smokes within the decade, analysts say:
hong kong stocks drop on reform uncertainty
want 18% returns? become a subprime lender.
is big data gaming mutual funds?
used like this, credit cards can achieve wonderful things:
china stocks fall, with banks weak after plenum; hang seng index down 1.1%
'confessions of a quantitative easer' casts doubt on benefit of program
"they are like ironmen." learn from these 401(k) millionaires:
bill clinton calls for changes to obamacare:
job seekers are padding resumes with pricey credentials. are they worth it?
colorado does it again with birth control, gosling in obamacare ads
ahead of $csco earnings, a look at notable remarks made by ceo john chambers and how shares responded:
tokyo stocks slip, but autos gain as yen declines
japan stocks retreat, but sony, most auto shares rise; nikkei average down 0.4%
japan stocks fall at open; nikkei average off 0.4%
apple and samsung back in court
apple and samsung back in court
10 things e-cigarettes won't tell you:
which ceo made this a great year for shareholders, customers and employees? take a look at our six nominees:
chegg prices ipo above range at $12.50
chegg prices ipo at $12.50 a share
jandj to settle hip implant lawsuits for $4 billion, report says
the high-tech $100 pair of men's underwear:
american eagle silver coin sales hit a record: u.s. mint
starbucks owes kraft $2.7 bln to end coffee spat
what goes into the cost of a cup of starbucks coffee? hint: not coffee.
best shopping day of the season
obamacare is driving some doctors to refuse insurance. they say it saves them 40% on overhead:
how to go to college like a venture capitalist:
potbelly, reald surge; yrc drops after hours
"all transport will be electric, with ironic exception of rockets." - elon musk at @nytimes dealbook conf. live blog:
reald shares rise 13% after results top street
potbelly popping after results. track them here:
pandora shares rise 4%; needham ups price target
u.s. stocks close lower, halt 2-day winning streak
sandp, dow end down, snapping 2-session winning run
elon musk talking at ny times dealbook conference
david rosenberg on why restaurant stocks are breaking out
about 46% of all analyst ratings on sandp 500 stocks are buys, well below the 73% seen near the market top in 2000.
everything you need to know about bitcoin
clinton's obamacare shot resonates throughout the twittersphere
men's wearhouse investors' hopes rise on possible jos. a. bank tie-up
oil futures settle at lowest since the end of may
one world trade center seizes u.s. height crown from chicago's willis tower
as investors pile in, ceos bail out
the national avg. price for a gallon of regular gasoline stood at $3.18 tuesday. send us photos of prices you're seeing using #mwcheapgas
despite a disastrous launch last year, apple's maps app gaining ground on google:
fed's kocherlakota: markets puzzled by taper talk
looking to get juice for your electric car? there's an app for that:
to beat the stock market, buy quality, says @brettarends:
since the last true correction of at least 10% ended in june 2012, the sandp 500 has gained almost 40%.
gas prices at lowest level since feb. 2011, says aaa.
southwest and jetblue shares join amr and us air in reacting to doj pact
world economy to grow 3.1% in 2014 from a "disappointing" annual growth rate of 2.8% in 2013, says conference board.
amr surges 27%, us airways down 2.5% on doj deal
fedex gains 2% as dan loeb talks up company
stocks slip after a worse-than-expected reading on small-business sentiment. market snapshot:
"i think we're a long way from 2008." the ice has thawed between banks and the government, says goldman's blankfein.
to beat the stock market, buy quality, says @brettarends:
this is your brain in a bull market:
dow industrials lose grip on record heights as u.s. stocks edge lower
facebook, amd rise; symantec slides
newscast: dow pauses from record gains
fedex cut to market perform at cohen on valuation
symantec shares falls; top exec departing
dennis gartman: if it's yellen, you should be sellin' bonds
news corp swings to profit but revenue slips
u.s. stocks start lower; dow off 19 points
d.r. horton, marriott pull higher premarket
how youre paying for wall streets sins
bright times ahead? fund managers cheer up about the global economy
why arent gold traders more scared?
@beckyquick @rededdy56 it ran in monday's edition of the @wsj. must be it :)
can chris christie beat hillary clinton, and more morning reads
@rededdy56 @beckyquick just looked at our stream, and this is the first time we've shared this story. thinking of another story, perhaps?
parents of college kids: think like venture capitalists
is direct primary care for you?
oct. nfib small-business optimism index drops
d.r. horton fourth-quarter profit, sales rise
calendar won't drive holiday shopping this year
obama to nominate treasury official for cftc head
applying game theory to the budget battle
dish swings to profit in third quarter
saving for once-in-a-lifetime moments
this is your brain in a bull market
retirees, dont forget your ira distribution
u.k. stocks pare losses after inflation data
eu turns up the heat on germany over exports
bank of america, freddie mac in dispute talks: wsj
europe stocks slip with earnings in focus; vodafone off
europe stocks waver; vodafone slips after earnings
oil futures fall as dollar rises
fed's fisher says easing to reach its limit
dollar marches higher ahead of fed speeches
the first round of obamacare registrant figures are to be announced this week. a sneak peek into what to expect:
"inning 3 of a 9 inning game." fortress investment's novogratz says bitcoin is just heating up:
here's a sneak peek into what to expect when the white house announces obamacare enrollment figures this week
less ease: dont worry, be happy
you may want to consider staying in a hotel for thanksgiving. hotel rates are often lower than average:
used like this, credit cards can achieve wonderful things:
hong kong sees second wave of emigration
china to 'fine tune' one-child policy: official
hong kong stocks slip; reform announcements on tap
hong kong stocks down ahead of gov't meeting results; hang seng index off 0.1% 
asia stocks mostly higher; weaker yen lifts japan
here are the 5 cars the richest americans are buying.
japan stocks gain modestly with retailers strong
japan stocks slightly higher, with yen holding steady; nikkei average up 0.2% 
why bond traders got off easy monday:
japan's nikkei average opens 0.1% up at 14,289.87
australia stocks rise, with gold miners, energy up
want 18% returns? become a subprime lender.
mom-and-pop investors as subprime lenders? it's estimated that at least 100,000 such lenders exist
early numbers show 3% enrollment in obamacare among 12 exchanges:
from bear to bounce: twitter shares fell as low as $39.40 but finished the day up 3.2% to $43.
the high-tech $100 pair of men's underwear:
10 things e-cigarettes won't tell you:
the dow set another record close -- its 35th this year:
tesla fire-car owner: "i would buy another one in a heartbeat."
investors forgive aegerion for brush with regulators, shares jump 16%
borrow anything: hotels will lend you a pet. airlines will lend you an ipad.
the fda allows for a 20% margin of error on food labels:
spotlight on the economy: how concerned is the fed's leading dove?
news corp class a shares slide 4% after results
hologic shares drop 8% after quarterly results
rackspace shares fall 6% after quarterly results
dow rises to record close, its 35th this year
looking to get juice for your electric car? there's an app for that
sanchez energy's all-in-the-family deals raise questions for shareholders
why internet shoppers will wreck
several media outlets resist 'area man' references in reporting news of all-digital onion
why you should stay in a hotel - instead of mom's house - over thanksgiving:
how the rich sell real estate:
twitter to join wilshire 5000 on friday
5 key facts likely to be left out of the next national security strategy:
microbusiness: the one essential ingredient to meaningful success
could microsoft overtake apple in the mobile space?
jared leto talks to forbes about the motivations behind his new music industry documentary 'artifact'
are u.s. companies risking their own future by not investing at home?
how are laptops used on the international space station? an engineer at nasa answers:
many exercises exist that can help you develop mental strength. but here are 5 that can get you started:
florida state qb jameis winston will not be charged with sexual assault by florida state attorney
#askforbes chat: @rcalo @kashhill @gregorymcneal on drones -- faa regulations, privacy concerns and security issues
springsteen's handwritten 'born to run' lyrics fetch $160,000 at auction
champagne 101: how to drink it like a pro
sesame street will support team usa in partnership with the us olympic committee
from the forbes investment guide, 8 investment tips for 2014:
what is beijing's rationale for promoting bitcoin?
high-end headphones are now well into their run as a fashion accessory, and @50cent is taking advantage
we picked the best holiday gifts for the outdoorsman or woman in your life:
eyvoice: top 10 risks to your fast-growing business 
third quarter real gdp increased at a rate of 3.6%, up from the bea's initial estimate of a 2.8%
how katie couric stacked the deck against gardasil:
palantir seeks $9 billion valuation in new round as ceo alex karp inches towards billionaire status
gm says it will scale back chevrolet's european presence starting in 2016
forget the drones -- amazon's sunday delivery is the big innovation
the drawbacks of delivery drones might outweigh the benefits
gm drops chevrolet in europe, undermining gobal-brand plan
year-end checkup: how to invest when everything seems expensive
this generation of young african women is the most ambitious yet. the 20 young power women in africa 2013:
this landmark study could reveal how the web discriminates against you:
starbucks billionaire howard schultz to @oprah: it's ok for men to cry (even ceos!)
why you should use a masked credit card to shop online:
jared leto to musicians: "get a great lawyer and don't sign a record deal until you absolutely have to."
"we don't lease we buy the whole car." 10 personal finance tips from hip-hop lyrics:
gross. this common coffee shop practice can make you sick:
hiring mbas? you should be looking at ncos. here's what ncos bring to a business through hard-fought experience:
can linkedin survive the social media bubble?
9 year-end moves to cut your 2013 taxes:
these airline employees will be the most cheerful this holiday season
student debt climbs for the 5th year in a row -- 71% of c/o 2012 graduated with an average of $29,400 in student debt
the drawbacks of delivery drones might outweigh the benefits
genworth stays in long-term care insurance, but seeks a new premium design
.@jared leto on waging war on the music industry: "it is absolutely necessary to fight for what you believe in."
why did apple buy social media analytics firm topsy? unpeeling the $200 million mystery: 
roger hajjar's prysm wants to bring eco-friendly, life-size video to your home
why billionaire sean parker puts serious time and energy into his spotify playlist, "hipster international"
why you should use a masked credit card to shop online:
the passion economy: "geeking out might not be as harmoniously aligned as we'd like with passion."
how katie couric stacked the deck against gardasil:
detroit's bankruptcy ruling is good news for bondholders, and unlikely to inspire more filings
p.a.c.e.voice: the impact of empowering women workers 
this generation of young african women is the most ambitious yet. the 20 young power women in africa 2013:
yuri milner expects to see 50 internet companies with a market cap &gt;$5 billion in the next decade
hiring mbas? you should be looking at ncos. here's what ncos bring to a business through hard-fought experience:
disney is making income investor's dreams come true for the fourth year in a row
carl icahn is tweeting about an apple buyback again, but $aapl shares aren't spooked
the definitive qanda on the new net investment income tax, updated for final regulations
with investors bailing, is eddie lampert's sears doomed?
"we don't lease we buy the whole car." 10 personal finance tips from hip-hop lyrics:
carl icahn is wall street's person of the year and he's going after apple
jared leto to musicians: "get a great lawyer and don't sign a record deal until you absolutely have to."
@fsherjan thank you!
and read our forbes blogs:
@rcalo
closing thoughts @rcalo: flying smartphones---i think this will come to matter for these reasons:
closing thoughts @kashhill: looking fwd to seeing amazon's drones go to battle w/ google's driverless cars for delivery dominance #askforbes
.@atoarora depends on energy source. better batteries and some tweaks to the quad architecture could mean quieter drones. - @rcalo #askforbes
.@lukasdmiller faa will require "sense and avoid" tech so this may cause other drones to steer clear. - @gregorymcneal #askforbes
.@matt_cagle ...and actually increases privacy:
.@matt_cagle i'm intrigued by a peer-to-peer drone delivery system that subverts post office tracking...  - @kashhill #askforbes
.@lukasdmiller they take great footageand ppl love making videos. protests in bangkok via drone:
.@lukasdmiller real disruption will be when drones are flying smartphones with 3rd party apps
.@clintonio your dad and this guy would get along very well:
.@clintonio you own the airspace you can reasonably use but shooting down drones could still open you up to liability. - @rcalo #askforbes
.@finanz101 insurance will play big role in robotics. amazon would hold general, not per drone, insurance policy. - @rcalo #askforbes
.@captainmadz hopefully not likely but accidents are inevitable. hundreds of people die a year from falling out of bed. - @rcalo #askforbes
.@captainmadz safety is the faas primary focus in their roadmap.
.@aminebennjima here's @a_greenberg's piece on a drone that would be able to hack back:
.@aminebennjima similar to what happens if someone steals from a doorstep, but drone will have gps tracking - @gregorymcneal #askforbes
.@joshuawo3 the law against damaging property is a kind of defense as well. - @rcalo #askforbes
.@joshuawo3 when do drones get weapons of self defense? probably hard to shoot. going to have tracking equipment. - @kashhill #askforbes
.@captainmadz it won't be legal, per faa rules, until 2015 at the earliest. amazon says it's aiming for 5yrs from now - @kashhill #askforbes
.@pericumference the faa chief michael huerta estimates 7,500 within 5 years. i've seen estimates as high as 20,000. - @rcalo #askforbes
.@rcalo @kashhill @gregorymcneal are here for the next 30 min. to answer your questions about drones. #askforbes
today at 3pm est @kashhill @rcalo @gregorymcneal will answer your qs about drones (amazon's and in general). tweet at us: #askforbes
small business strategies: how did this kid create the largest youtube music network? 
top countries for business:
the irish economy was hammered in the great recession, but its pro-business environment signals a brighter future
facebook aims to weed out piracy by analyzing your personal data
life insurance planner for the super rich cut some big tax corners himself
big banks fined $2.3b over illegal libor cartels, with more fines on the way
the one figure that makes ellsbury a better value than granderson:
here's the letter senator edward markey sent to 20 auto makers demanding answers on car hacking threats:
new home sales dropped in october as builders scale back the price increases they piled on in 2013
gross. this common coffee shop practice can make you sick:
yes, google is building robots
adp says private sector adds 215k jobs, gains bring fed taper back in focus
starbucks billionaire howard schultz to @oprah: it's ok for men to cry (even ceos!)
forget the drones -- amazon's sunday delivery is the big innovation
ireland heads forbes' best countries for business list
emcvoice: changing course and saving your company millions 
in china, private equity firms counterintuitively add value by cutting sales
what is beijing's rationale for promoting bitcoin?
tesla rebounds after germany clears model s fires, but nhtsa investigation looms
the nfl's tax favors: $1billion and counting
inside forbes: some data and tips about native advertising the ftc might find interesting
rv sales are growing, and are expected to keep growing in 2014.
eyvoice: working with a big name can be a startup's golden ticket
coming soon to your home: a battery the size of a fridge
what 2.1 million sales might mean for ps4 owners
why the u.s. should care about the ukraine
detroit is eligible for bankruptcy, putting city pensions at risk
drone innovator sees their future in gathering info, not package delivery
pc market forecasts are ugly. the reality could be worse.
five former kansas city chiefs players file a concussion lawsuit against team
a wine lover's guide to investing
multinationals are confronting an increased tax audit risk
could drone delivery breathe new life into printed books?
want to sell more products? turn up the thermostat in your retail or sales environment
five powerful exercises to increase your mental strength
the irs hasn't weighed in, but canada, germany and sweden all say that bitcoin is an asset, not a currency.
what cities can do to boost entrepreneurship
applebee's will install 100,000 intel-backed tablets on tables next year
"drones delivering packages is going to be more of a reality than skeptics are imagining."
meet the mormon 'wizard' who almost became a billionaire by teaching brazilians a second language
how to keep the grinches from stealing your identity
suggestions on managing someone that (truth be told) you don't really like
why everything you know about branding is wrong
there are two different ways that you need to understand bitcoin: as a currency and as a technology
slideshow: the best jobs in health care
leadership styles are (partly) about culture
sapvoice: how dna sequencing is changing medicine
why does google gobble up more ad revenue than newspapers and magazines?
5 reasons why big data will crush big research
it's not too late to give for #givingtuesday. here's our list of the top u.s. charities
insurance agent to the forbes 400 concedes to understating his taxable income by $50 million
how big data can solve real world problems
how social media is changing business - and your job search
confidence breeds success - and it can be taught
pro drivers call the car paul walker was riding in one of the most dangerous on the road
looking for a sales job? here are 7 tips for landing the best one.
guys have rented tuxedos for years. now women can rent designer evening gowns.
microsoft: we're working on xbox one os problems
looking for a career in health care? these are the best jobs.
need a jumpstart for 2014? register for the forbes-napfa advisor iconference, convening online tomorrow and thurs
move over amazon - direct relief is already using drones to make life-saving deliveries
on our holiday wish list: this impossible-to-get topless lamborghini.
you're not going to believe what facebook just did to the ways superlicious content sites drive traffic
being the most connected person is not an effective way to build your network.
slideshow: the biggest municipal bankruptcies in u.s. history
3 things that top leaders do to stay authentic
drone deliveries "might happen someday, but not someday soon."
how to not look like a jerk with google glass
amazon sells lots of products light enough to be drone-delivered
oppenheimerfundsvoice: how to survive the next 'taper tantrum' 
cyber monday was the biggest online shopping day in history, with an 18.2% increase from last year. 
class action filed against 23andme for selling their product with "no analytical or clinical validation"
after black friday, give back with #givingtuesday
five nonlethal uses for drones (besides amazon deliveries)
here's another indiciation that apple and china mobile might be close to a deal
house rep. dana rohrabacher says that both democrats and republicans are waging war on innovation
the feds are investigating hedge funds and others as part of an insider trading ring in the apparel industry
going global: in bangalore, homegrown indian chain caf coffee day takes on starbucks' might 
ceo julie uhrman talks about her strategy for building ouya's gaming business
14 ways to stay focused at work this holiday season:
class action law suit filed against 23andme
gyrovoice: why programmatic ad buying isn't a silver bullet 
how europe's recovery became more attractive than emerging market growth, and why the trend will continue in 2014:
activist investor jeffrey smith looks to fill semiconductor company triquint with his own board of directors
this fund manager picks winners by betting on wall street being wrong:
inside forbes: some data and tips about native advertising the ftc might find interesting
the best deals are in stocks and sectors that wall street cast aside this year
is gain in bitcoin taxable? depends on whether irs rules it's a commodity or currency
14 ways to stay focused at work this holiday season:
10 special wines to impress the wine lover in your life:
india's mars probe is on its way to the red planet - and on its way to growing the country's future
futuristic security technologies have made their way into the homes of billionaires
here's why drone delivery will be a nightmare for cops:
lessons from black friday: 40% off is dead, long live 50% off
"never loan somebody what you need right back." 10 personal finance tips from hip-hop lyrics:
will israel be the focus of mexican telecom mogul carlos slim's next investment spree?
fed doesn't object to revised capital plans from jpmorgan, goldman sachs
barclays raises eps estimates for petrobras as brazilians are expected to pay over $5 a gallon for gasoline
here's why drone delivery will be a nightmare for cops:
12 smart money moves to make before the end of 2013:
by targeting real madrid and barcelona, regulators could cripple la liga
what faa rules will amazon need to navigate before a 30-minute delivery drone becomes a reality?
if the acc wants to be a football power, it's going to need bigger stadiums
u.s. high yield bond volume slips to $20b in november
14 ways to stay focused at work this holiday season:
lessons from black friday: 40% off is dead, long live 50% off
will israel be the focus of mexican telecom mogul carlos slim's next investment spree?
"men lie, women lie, numbers don't" and other personal finance tips from hip-hop lyrics:
is gain in bitcoin taxable? depends on whether irs rules it's a commodity or currency
this fund manager picks winners by betting on wall street being wrong:
urban meyer has $4.2 million on the line in the big ten championship game
"never loan somebody what you need right back." 10 personal finance tips from hip-hop lyrics:
the best deals are in stocks and sectors that wall street cast aside this year
how europe's recovery became more attractive than emerging market growth, and why the trend will continue in 2014:
value investor john buckingham on his stock picks for 2014:
'catching fire', 'frozen' set new thanksgiving box office records
when andrew luck isn't quarterbacking the indianapolis colts, he's designing headphones
hilton worldwide seeks to become one of the largest ipos of 2013 with a planned $2.3 billion offering
jeff bezos: i had to be talked into buying the washington post
is gain in bitcoin taxable? depends on whether irs rules it's a commodity or currency
the largest u.s. charities:
1. united way
2. salvation army
3. task force for global health
full story:
watch bill gates address the national institutes of health:
black friday 2013 backfires on retailers. can cyber monday save them?
inside the new $220 million art museum named after billionaire jorge perez:
petra nemcova (@pnemcova) is on the cover of @forbeslife in a dress made from wrapping paper
china's ipo market might open sooner than you expect
our list of the best holiday gifts for skiers and snowboarders:
week ahead: can santa rally survive the flurry of december data?
billionaire william heinecke hosts an elephant polo tournament to save thailand's elephants
jarome iginla is the best scorer for the buck in the nhl
'don't go to law school,' 'move to asia,' and 28 other pearls of wisdom for recent grads
10 reasons why humor is the key to success:
15 things you do that drive your colleagues crazy:
from the forbes 2014 investment guide, 365 ways to get rich:
microsoft billionaire paul allen adds a $27 million home in atherton, america's priciest zip code, to his collection
why live-tweetings of private conversations are here to stay (and may not be such a bad thing):
how small businesses can win on security and speed this cyber monday:
12 days of charitable giving starts soon
silk road competitor shuts down and another plans to go offline after a $6 million theft
5 tips for starting up from the judges of abc's shark tank:
bmw shows off the jeff koons bmw at miami basel
billionaire bunkers: beyond the panic room, home security goes sci-fi
heroin dealers can deduct samples on their taxes, but medical marijuana dispensaries can't deduct rent?
the secret to financial success can sometimes be captured in a simple equation. 9 formulas for wealth building:
'catching fire', 'frozen' set new thanksgiving box office records
how smart is investing in art?
the challenge of being poor at america's richest colleges:
guangzhou tops forbes china's list of the best cities for business
bmw shows off the jeff koons bmw at miami basel
7 reasons to tell your kids what they will (or won't) inherit:
heroin dealers can deduct samples on their taxes, but medical marijuana dispensaries can't deduct rent?
12 days of charitable giving starts soon
after upgrades, official says 50,000 can now use obamacare website concurrently, 800,000 a day
'catching fire', 'frozen' set new thanksgiving box office records
video: bono's ode to warren buffett, as sung to him at the forbes summit on philanthropy
thoughts on philanthropy from ancient philosophers maimonides and bob hope:
if you want to do well while doing good, contribute your private company stock to a donor-advised fund
edward silverstein's convertible fund has beaten both stocks and bonds. how did he do it?
sir tom hunter on philanthropy, entrepreneurship and development:
martha stewart shares what she looks for when gauging the success of her philanthropy
joohee an braves asia's massive consumer jungle to find the next blockbuster stock
we ranked america's top 50 givers in this interactive special report on philanthropy:
how to play the shale boom's next phase:
bill erbey has built a $2.8b fortune by figuring out what makes subprime borrowers tick - and how to keep them paying
how smart is investing in art?
guangzhou tops forbes china's list of the best cities for business
bmw shows off the jeff koons bmw at miami basel
7 reasons to tell your kids what they will (or won't) inherit:
from the forbes 2014 investment guide, 365 ways to get rich:
our latest cover story: forbes 2014 investment guide: 365 ways to get rich
the secret to financial success can sometimes be captured in a simple equation. 9 formulas for wealth building:
wayne pierce's $700,000 vintage harley-davidson collection is going up for sale
the largest u.s. charities:
1. united way
2. salvation army
3. task force for global health
full story:
thanks to spotify, lorde jumped from an unknown teenager from new zealand to an international superstar
attention entrepreneurs: 5 financial pitfalls you didn't see coming
man tosses out bitcoin wallet worth $9 million
why live-tweetings of private conversations are here to stay (and may not be such a bad thing):
fifa wants tougher actions against racism in soccer, but reportedly rejects black couple in brazil
if you want to be a team player, you need to strike this word from your vocabulary
how small businesses can win on security and speed this cyber monday:
fed up with bitcoin? here's how to start your own currency:
fifa wants tougher actions against racism in soccer, but reportedly rejects black couple in brazil
inside the new $220 million art museum named after billionaire jorge perez:
the historic hotel jerome, aspen's crown jewel, reaches a new peak after a makeover
as a signator to warren buffett's giving pledge, leon cooperman outlines the rationale that guides his philanthropy
goldieblox pulls parody of beastie boys' "girls" from their ad citing adam yauch's will
china's transition to a tech economy based on innovations rather than copying continues to gain momentum
a criminal complaint against a delaware doctor details how the feds could link a person to their silk road account
thoughts on philanthropy from ancient philosophers maimonides and bob hope:
video: bono's ode to warren buffett, as sung to him at the forbes summit on philanthropy
havens: real-life lairs a supervillain could love 
the late jack kent cooke devoted his fortune to helping the smartest poor kids excel
toad the wet sprocket takes us inside their unlikely business model for releasing their 1st studio album in 16 years
from luxury cars to handmade globes, here are the hot-ticket items for winter 2013/2014
entrepreneurs clinic: first-rate insights from self-made superstars.
we ranked america's top 50 givers in this interactive special report on philanthropy:
in the u.s., black friday is about deals; in brazil, black friday is about fraud
these airline employees will be the most cheerful this holiday season
can entrepreneurial market-based philanthropy fix one of the poorest countries in the world?
inside the mind of the dread pirate roberts, silk road's internet drug czar:
from the forbes 2014 investment guide, 365 ways to get rich:
8 ways to undermine yourself as a leader:
the most successful leaders do these 15 things automatically every day:
8 reasons startup incubators are better than business school
10 things your boss doesn't want you to know:
our latest cover story: forbes 2014 investment guide: 365 ways to get rich
how to turn the job you hate into the job you love:
10 reasons why humor is the key to success:
'don't go to law school,' 'move to asia,' and 28 other pearls of wisdom for recent grads
half of college grads are working jobs that don't require a degree
on the move: an inside look at united airlines' mission control center 
the largest u.s. charities:
1. united way
2. salvation army
3. task force for global health
full story:
project spylighter documents surveillance technology used by the nsa
the 12 immutable rules of watching thanksgiving football
could we stop the black friday madness by taxing it?
eyvoice: working with a big name can be a start-up's golden ticket 
bill gates and bono talk about their alliance of fortune, fame and giving
lauren bush talks about the birth of her philanthropic movement to end global food insecurity
apprenda is thriving by offering engineers what the bay area can't -cheap housing, low taxes and challenging work
jay z, cano and the dangers of a $100 million bluff:
design for living: spotlight on art and functionality and the designers who expertly combine both.
walmart is on the pr offensive as thanksgiving fights go public, with protests scheduled for black friday
martha stewart on the unexpected amount of generosity she encountered when she entered the philanthropic world:
from luxury cars to handmade globes, here are the hot-ticket items for winter 2013/2014
forbes gift guide: the best seat belts for your dog
new billionaires emerge in fashion, retail and energy sectors:
how old is too old to get parental help with holiday shopping?
scott gilmore holds the key to liberia's trove of entrepreneurs
beyond the basics: how to mix love and money in your twenties
bon jovi shares insights he's gleaned from managing his foundation's reputation:
edward silverstein's convertible fund has beaten both stocks and bonds. how did he do it?
petra nemcova (@pnemcova) is on the cover of @forbeslife in a dress made from wrapping paper
billionaire george soros takes the top honor at the international rescue committee benefit
the heisman trophy has lost most of its appeal, but it still nets the winners better pro contracts
will smokers with lung cancer provide the next wave of asbestos lawsuits?
consider donor-advised funds when giving to charities, and more on giving:
essential apps for black friday and cyber monday shopping deals:
joohee an braves asia's massive consumer jungle to find the next blockbuster stock
now in his fourth startup, yext's howard lerman has an uncanny sense of timing. what's his secret?
a value-added tax that won't raise revenues or boost taxes on the poor:
thanks to spotify, lorde jumped from an unknown teenager from new zealand to an international superstar
forget the farms and shopping centers - here's a look inside billionaire stan kroenke's many homes:
meet the best hardware store in the nation, and the midwestern billionaire who built it: john menard jr.
television may (or may not) be dying, but viewership is definitely not being tracked properly
if you want to be a team player, you need to strike this word from your vocabulary
billionaire william heinecke hosts an elephant polo tournament to save thailand's elephants
centurylinkvoice: 3 tech trends retailers can't afford to ignore
electric cars lead our list of the cars and trucks that lose their value faster than average
nearly 40 million people will hit the road this thanksgiving. is your car fit to travel?
capitalonesparkvoice: how a startup stays ahead of the curve [video] 
new malware that encrypts files and demands a ransom in bitcoin has affected thousands of people in the u.k.
how to sell almost anything:
sungardasvoice: how retailers can fight black friday fatigue
when your customers get a tattoo of your product's logo, you don't need black friday
amazon's naughty, walmart's nice? learn which stores have your back ahead of black friday:
xeroxvoice: perk gives employees a more affordable commute
billionaire bunkers: beyond the panic room, home security goes sci-fi
the busiest cities and delivery foods of thanksgiving to-go:
the forbes 2013 guide to all-star eateries in new york:
7 reasons to tell your kids what they will (or won't) inherit:
how small businesses can win on security and speed this cyber monday:
photos: iconic balloons from macy's thanksgiving day parade, 1927 to today 

microbusiness: how banishing meetings creates great leaders
when will tesla motors make a truck? can they ever?
13 money mistakes to stop making by the end of the year: 
5 things you (and retailers) might not know about this black friday weekend:
northwestern mutualvoice: creating a financial plan? start by asking a question 
the secret to financial success can sometimes be captured in a simple equation. 9 formulas for wealth building:
why kid rock and kenny chesney won't get paid for thanksgiving halftime gigs
from the forbes 2014 investment guide, 365 ways to get rich:
china is the only major country that will get old before it gets rich
sofia vergara tops our list of the highest-paid tv actors
15 things you do that drive your colleagues crazy:
new research shows that facebook messenger is lagging behind whatsapp, wechat and line
investing lessons from the late lucien o. hooper, who turned $1,000 into $42 million:
our latest cover story: forbes 2014 investment guide: 365 ways to get rich
in the u.s., black friday is about deals; in brazil, black friday is about fraud
according to your non-existent holiday budget, all you can afford is coal. what would emily post say?
discover smart year-end tax planning advice on year-end checkup.
the new issue of forbes celebrates the billionaires and entrepreneurs who are making a difference through philanthropy:
china's transition to a tech economy based on innovations rather than copying continues to gain momentum
if you want to do well while doing good, contribute your private company stock to a donor-advised fund
china's ipo market might open sooner than you expect
will smokers with lung cancer provide the next wave of asbestos lawsuits?
liesel pritzker simmons: 'where you put your money is a moral decision'
project spylighter documents surveillance technology used by the nsa
daily fantasy sports operator draftkings closes a massive $24 million round of series b funding
martha stewart on the unexpected amount of generosity she encountered when she entered the philanthropic world:
billionaire george soros takes the top honor at the international rescue committee benefit
forbes' staff picks the year's most entertaining and illuminating nonfiction reads of 2013:
in the age of social media, has conversation become a lost art?
nearly 40 million people will hit the road this thanksgiving. is your car fit to travel?
photos: iconic balloons from macy's thanksgiving day parade, 1927 to today 

why kid rock and kenny chesney won't get paid for thanksgiving halftime gigs
5 tips for starting up from the judges of abc's shark tank:
new malware that encrypts files and demands a ransom in bitcoin has affected thousands of people in the u.k.
american airlines-us airways merger officially cleared for takeoff
the late jack kent cooke devoted his fortune to helping the smartest poor kids excel
now in his fourth startup, yext's howard lerman has an uncanny sense of timing. what's his secret?
our latest cover story: forbes 2014 investment guide: 365 ways to get rich
goldieblox pulls parody of beastie boys' "girls" from their ad citing adam yauch's will
these are the cities where employees earn the largest and smallest paychecks:
sofia vergara tops our list of the highest-paid tv actors
the forbes 2013 guide to all-star eateries in new york:
amazon's naughty, walmart's nice? learn which stores have your back ahead of black friday:
billionaire bunkers: beyond the panic room, home security goes sci-fi
investing lessons from the late lucien o. hooper, who turned $1,000 into $42 million:
the secret to financial success can sometimes be captured in a simple equation. 9 formulas for wealth building:
joohee an braves asia's massive consumer jungle to find the next blockbuster stock
from the forbes 2014 investment guide, 365 ways to get rich:
apprenda is thriving by offering engineers what the bay area can't -cheap housing, low taxes and challenging work
meet the best hardware store in the nation, and the midwestern billionaire who built it: john menard jr.
television may (or may not) be dying, but viewership is definitely not being tracked properly
collectively, the 25 largest u.s. charities pulled in $30 billions of donations. here's who they are:
martha stewart shares what she looks for when gauging the success of her philanthropy
electric cars lead our list of the cars and trucks that lose their value faster than average
how to cook a turkey without a side order of stress:
a criminal complaint against a delaware doctor details how the feds could link a person to their silk road account
how to sell almost anything:
bon jovi shares insights he's gleaned from managing his foundation's reputation:
inside the new $220 million art museum named after billionaire jorge perez:
home prices rise at fastest pace since february 2006, says sandp/case-shiller
how small businesses can win on security and speed this cyber monday:
5 things you (and retailers) might not know about this black friday weekend:
13 money mistakes to stop making by the end of the year: 
photos: iconic balloons from macy's thanksgiving day parade, 1927 to today 

want to know your value in the labor market? here's how to figure it out:
15 things you do that drive your colleagues crazy:
microsoft billionaire paul allen adds a $27 million home in atherton, america's priciest zip code, to his collection
5 ways to put the joy back in your holidays (without breaking the bank)
goldieblox asks court to bless its 'girls' ad after legal threats from the beastie boys
lauren bush talks about the birth of her philanthropic movement to end global food insecurity
how old is too old to get parental help with holiday shopping?
video: bono's ode to warren buffett, as sung to him at the forbes summit on philanthropy
the largest u.s. charities:
1. united way
2. salvation army
3. task force for global health
full story:
our latest magazine issue is now available for our ipad app. get it today!
according to your non-existent holiday budget, all you can afford is coal. what would emily post say?
photos: iconic balloons from macy's thanksgiving day parade, 1927 to today 

bill gates and bono talk about their alliance of fortune, fame and giving
eyvoice: the jobs act, 18 months later [infographic] 
how little can cash-strapped millennials get away with spending this holiday season?
billionaire george soros takes the top honor at the international rescue committee benefit
business roadshow: going where business gets done
don't expect smartwatches to be a big holiday seller this year
television may (or may not) be dying, but viewership is definitely not being tracked properly
5 steps to scale your business (you won't make it otherwise) 
talent strategies: how to eliminate performance reviews in your organization 
5 ways to put the joy back in your holidays (without breaking the bank)
wayne pierce's $700,000 vintage harley-davidson collection is going up for sale
15 things you do that drive your colleagues crazy:
will smokers with lung cancer provide the next wave of asbestos lawsuits?
home prices rise at fastest pace since february 2006, says sandp/case-shiller
how to sell almost anything:
icahn: returns are high when i'm on board
travel tech: how entrepreneurs can travel smarter 
nhl and rogers communications reach a lucrative 12-year, $5.232 billion media rights deal
from luxury cars to handmade globes, here are the hot-ticket items for winter 2013/2014
want to know your value in the labor market? here's how to figure it out:
new research shows that facebook messenger is lagging behind whatsapp, wechat and line
electric cars lead our list of the cars and trucks that lose their value faster than average
petra nemcova (@pnemcova) is on the cover of @forbeslife in a dress made from wrapping paper
the historic hotel jerome, aspen's crown jewel, reaches a new peak after a makeover
collectively, the 25 largest u.s. charities pulled in $30 billions of donations. here's who they are:
oppenheimerfundsvoice: how to avoid false profits 
project spylighter documents surveillance technology used by the nsa
men's wearhouse announces a $1.2 billion bid to acquire jos. a. bank clothiers
tiffany profit shines on yellow diamonds and statement jewelry
13 money mistakes to stop making by the end of the year: 
13 money mistakes to stop making by the end of the year: 
alan mulally's extended dance with microsoft leaves ford in an unwelcome state of limbo
in the age of social media, has conversation become a lost art?
consider donor-advised funds when giving to charities, and more on giving:
the world's first supersonic business jet will reach the market in 2021 
as a signator to warren buffett's giving pledge, leon cooperman outlines the rationale that guides his philanthropy
are these new lego sets any fun? a 6-year-old puts them to the test
embracing winston churchill's 'jaw-jaw' to avoid a north korean conflict
fiat punts chrysler ipo to 2014
superintendent among the four adults indicted in relation to steubenville rape case
counterintuitively, decreasing workplace transparency can increase productivity.
connecticut pockets over $175m in back taxes
if you want to be a team player, you need to strike this word from your vocabulary
theory debunked: there are no clear ties between bitcoin's creator and silk road
fda spanks 23andme, grants breakthrough status to factor xa inhibitor, and approves promus premier stent
nhl's most valuable teams, richest television deals, and more hockey news, here:
it's time for more companies to question if software upgrades really deliver business value.
will eating nuts really help you live longer? there's reason to be skeptical.
why apple's buyout of 3-d sensor maker primesense makes sense
slideshow: the world's highest-paid musicians
can hedge fund billionaire paul tudor jones save america's public education system?
should you buy an xbox one or ps4 this holiday season?
a gift for the person who has everything: a personal submarine
here comes the google wallet card
the most valuable nhl teams:
1. toronto maple leafs
2. new york rangers
3. montreal canadiens
full list:
derrick rose knee injury is the latest blow to adidas basketball
the fda just ruined your plans to buy a 23andme tests as christmas presents
going abroad? here's how to choose the best international data plan for your phone.
sungardasvoice: has the disney princess marketing machine 'frozen' our girls' imaginations?
jarome iginla is the best scorer for the buck in the nhl
three tips for the next generation of would-be entrepreneurs
is 23andme self-destructing?
when your customers get a tattoo of your product's logo, you don't need black friday
12 tools to improve your business writing
gyrovoice: the millennial marketing mix: community, innovation and values 
how to pick and stick to career goals
how to become a more likable leader
should websites be liable for encouraging users to gossip?
mexican billionaire carlos slim's dinner with nba champ lebron james raises speculation
what will google glass and tiny cameras everywhere mean for management?
six ways to reduce your holiday stress
eric schmidt's guide for switching from iphone to android ups the war of words with apple
are the xbox one and ps4 yesterday's gaming tech?
eight signs that it's time to make a leadership change
is the iran deal good or bad? it's complicated.
slideshow: the 10 fastest growing freelance opportunities
the toronto maple leafs top the list of most valuable nhl teams
check out this live interview with 16 year old jack andraka on the future of cancer research
getting to know the startup scene in istanbul
'the fifth estate' is the biggest flop of 2013 (so far)
7 ways to maximize your time during the holidays
by any measure of air quality, beijing's air is very very bad.
'catching fire' does superhero numbers - and is the highest opening weekend for a movie with a female lead
apple loop: retail ready, samsung asked to pay up, ive on design, steve jobs' apple ii returns from nepal
3 mistakes you might be making with your inbox
by a wide margin, united way remains no.1 on the annual forbes list of the largest u.s. charities.
sidney crosby tops the list of the nhl's highest-paid players
in a surprise move, walmart has today announced its new ceo will be doug mcmillon
apple confirms acquisition of 3d sensor company primesense
holiday sales may be surprisingly strong this year 

we're looking for young, high-growth companies for our most promising list. fit the bill? apply here:
ban ki-moon and raymond g. chambers discuss the role of private philanthropists in large public initiatives
"not everything on broadway has to be a pulitzer play. we are a tourist industry. wake up and smell the coffee."
forbes magazine editor @randalllane answered your questions about billionaires and philanthropy:
orbital sciences is launching a satellite designed and built by high school students
essential apps for black friday and cyber monday shopping deals:
existing home sales fall for the 2nd month in a row in october, prices are up as inventory stays tight
can tech giants execute as agilely as startups?
lawsuits over higher taxes are no joke
is this the world's greenest video wall?
next year, federal tax revenues will exceed $3 trillion for the first time in u.s. history.
we ranked america's top 50 givers in this interactive special report on philanthropy:
thursday box office: 'catching fire' grosses a solid $25 million
how to foster employee trust and growth with constructive feedback
these companies build the technology used to spy on you:
what you don't say about data can still hurt you
the perfect homestay in south america and more travel inspiration:
is your employer shortchanging you on your 401(k) plan? 4 key questions to ask:
an editor's guide to writing ridiculously good emails
alleged dread pirate roberts murder target led a massive bitcoin scam on silk road
dikembe mutombo tells the story behind building the first modern hospital in 40 years in his home country
dating app tinder goes abroad: uk, brazil and... dubai?
in 2015, nasa will attempt to make history by growing plants on the moon
forget grain -- worry about what taxes are doing to your brain
nearly 40 million people will hit the road this thanksgiving. is your car fit to travel?
manny pacquiao's career earnings will reach $300 million with rios fight
some of the world's most influential investors are betting hampton creek foods can make the humble egg obsolete
some of the world's most influential investors are betting hampton creek foods can make the humble egg obsolete
future of work: 7 ways worrying sabotages your career 
comcast and charter fight brewing over time warner cable in a potential multi-billion deal
best practices in planning for costly emergencies and more tips in personal finance:
7 questions 20-something investors should consider before starting a portfolio
10 things your boss doesn't want you to know:
10 reasons why humor is the key to success:
business roadshow: going where business gets done
21 quotes from henry ford on business, leadership, and life
4 to-do's for the 'someday' entrepreneur
here's what happens to google employees when they die:
'don't go to law school,' 'move to asia,' and 28 other pearls of wisdom for recent grads
clergy housing tax break declared unconstitutional: everything you want to know and more
8 ways to undermine yourself as a leader:
billionaire peter lewis, advocate of marijuana legalization, dies at 80
kmart and gap show radically different approaches to holiday advertising. which will drive more sales?
review: 'frozen' is disney's best cartoon in years
intelligent investing: 4 emerging growth stocks for your portfolio
walmart will win black friday despite worker strikes, labor violations and food bank woes
the brazilian billionaire who rules unitedhealth group
the ps4 is a big win for facebook
gap executive reveals how the company struck gold with its 'game changing' reserve in store program
would you pay $40 for this monstrous sumo bloody mary?
from larry robbins to ashish thakkar, check out these success stories and tips:
the best and worst airlines for holiday travel
let your inner 12-year-old rejoice - practical jetpacks are taking off
has bitcoin gone establishment?
this startup just raised $16m to help barclays, nike and havas play with big data:
do you want a 1099 or a w-2?
meet the start-up bringing investors to the fastest-growing economies in the world:
'the hunger games: catching fire' might win biggest opening of the year --
it's expected to earn $175m this weekend
richard branson's virgin galactic now accepts bitcoin for space travel
how supermodel christy turlington engages new audiences and amplifies her influence to help change the world:
astronomers observe galaxy cluster in earliest stages of formation
surprise! sales of hardcover books are growing faster than e-books.
dropbox is doing great - but maybe not as great as previously believed
china still has the world's fastest supercomputer
aaron levie on why startups like box will beat microsoft
meet the 'assassination market' creator who's crowdfunding murder with bitcoins:
inside the mind of the dread pirate roberts, silk road's internet drug czar:
30 amazing facts about private jets
10 things you should be doing while you're unemployed:
inside tumblr, david karp's $800 million art project
how to work a room like you own the place:
this is what employers are thinking when they look at your facebook page:
20 ways to find your calling: 

the 50 fastest-growing women-led companies in america:
89 business cliches that will get any mba promoted and make them totally useless
would you pay more to take a 'quiet flight'?
when simon cowell and miranda kerr come to a car event, you know it's important. or at least expensive.
beyond the basics: the best unknown strategies in your 401(k)
morocco is the gateway for america's business in africa. here's why:
year-end checkup: the $500,000 tax break that's disappearing by year-end
"there is nothing i want more than to see this project succeed, and for that i need dead politicians."
the life of beatles manager brian epstein is the perfect parable for professional success
7 of 19 mls teams are owned, at least in part, by a billionaire
there's a $500,000 tax break that will disappear by the end of the year
honda named top brand for residual values among mainstream automakers, followed by toyota, subaru, hyundai and mazda
microsoft sold 1 million plus units of the xbox one in its first 24 hours on sale
universities want to become entrepreneurial campuses. is this a good idea?
it's been a rough year for many of indonesia's richest
sapvoice: best holiday shopping deals: will businesses be ready?
looking for a job in sales? here's who is hiring:
"i'm skeptical of being an entrepreneur for the sake of being an entrepreneur."
a new study says that video gaming has no negative effect on kids' behavior 
who is going to buy blackberry's porsche-designed z10?
if you want your business to survive and thrive on black friday, here are some tips:
the bay area may get all the buzz, but a host of less-celebrated cities are gaining tech jobs at a faster pace
the surprising cites creating the most tech jobs:
major league soccer's most valuable teams:
follow these 10 successful african entrepreneurs on twitter for business advice, news updates and life lessons:
slideshow: the naughty and nice places to spend your bitcoin
mini debuts its 2014 mini cooper hardtop at the l.a. auto show
our latest cover story: america's richest are bringing hope to the world's 8th poorest nation
'rewards keep you going' and other marketing lessons from candy crush
how one nigerian woman is leading a battle to decrease newborn mortality
aaron carter filed for chapter 7 bankruptcy, with $1.3m in tax bills
the vcs behind facebook, spotify and warby parker reveal what makes a great entrepreneur:
microsoft's "scroogled" google-bashing gear proves popular with its competitor's employees
one of the guys ross ulbricht allegedly tried to kill scammed silk road users out of $50,000-$250,000 in bitcoins
does your office stress you out? here are 9 tips for creating a stress-free work environment:
the highest paid musicians of 2013:
1. madonna
2. lady gaga
3. bon jovi
4. toby keith
5. coldplay
full story:
audi debuts the a3 family at the l.a. auto show  and goes for domination in the u.s.
mexican billionaire carlos slim is quietly transferring assets to his children
harvard pranks yale with hilarious fake admissions tour
madonna tops our list of this year's highest-paid musicians
if you're looking for a retail job, consider costco - no. 1 on our list of the best retail companies to work for
at the l.a. auto show, porsche debuts its next best-seller:
this gaming company was fined $1 million for secretly using its players' computers to mine bitcoin
billionaire @richardbranson's ultra-exclusive necker island has just reopened after a two-year closure
what does the world's richest man have in common with the world's biggest rock star?
sun tzu's the art of war, illustrated (chapter 13: the use of spies)
5 ways to accelerate your career and get promoted
six (often frustrating) reasons why comcast's prices vary so widely from day to day and place to place:
"if you're wondering what the cloud can do for you, this is the big score."

10 things mentally strong people avoid:
it's rare that a video from a brand will spark any real emotion - but this beautiful google india video might
new research suggests changing your sleep schedule can decrease body fat
"making money is a happiness. making other people happy is a superhappiness." -nobel peace winner muhammad yunus
delete by default: why more apps promising disappearing messages a la snapchat are on the way
"i'm skeptical of being an entrepreneur for the sake of being an entrepreneur."
charoen's thai liquor giant needs to deliver on its debt-fueled regional play
the vcs behind facebook, spotify and warby parker reveal what makes a great entrepreneur:
chevron unleashes the 'thermonuclear device' of litigation against steven donziger over his $9b ecuador judgment
remembering president john f. kennedy 50 years after his death:
video: bono's ode to warren buffett, as sung to him at the forbes summit on philanthropy
when simon cowell and miranda kerr come to a car event, you know it's important. or at least expensive.
kmart and gap show radically different approaches to holiday advertising. which will drive more sales?
can tech giants execute as agilely as startups?
harvard pranks yale with hilarious fake admissions tour
zulily jumped more than 70% on its first day trading - making a billionaire out of founder mark vadon in the process
sheldon adelson says he is 'willing to spend whatever it takes' to stop online gambling
mini debuts its 2014 mini cooper hardtop at the l.a. auto show
lawsuits over higher taxes are no joke
4 great skills to have that will make you better at almost any startup job:
delete by default: why apps promising disappearing messages a la snapchat are on the way
aaron carter filed for chapter 7 bankruptcy, with $1.3m in tax bills
existing home sales fall for the 2nd month in a row in october, prices are up as inventory stays tight
sleeping outside a best buy for a black friday deal doesn't appeal to you? shop online at these 10 sites instead:
alleged dread pirate roberts murder target led a massive bitcoin scam on silk road
holiday sales may be surprisingly strong this year 

booking your holiday getaway? you might want to consider which airline employees will be most cheerful this season
sungardasvoice: good managers should embrace bad news
a new york judge denied bail to alleged drug kingpin ross ulbricht, based on fresh accusations of violence
we're looking for young, high-growth companies for our most promising list. fit the bill? apply here:
the cholesterol controversy shows medicine needs big data, not old data
is your employer shortchanging you on your 401(k) plan? 4 key questions to ask:
what you don't say about data can still hurt you
in 2015, nasa will attempt to make history by growing plants on the moon
alleged silk road creator ross ulbricht was denied bail and is now accused of 6 murder-for-hires
"a lot of the time when i play a game, i like to brag. and it turns out facebook is really good for that."
china still has the world's fastest supercomputer
china's wanda group chairman wang jianlin is forbes asia's 2013 businessman of the year
morocco is the gateway for america's business in africa. here's why:
if you want your business to survive and thrive on black friday, here are some tips:
looking for a job in sales? here's who is hiring:
7 ways to resist the urge to splurge during the holidays:
new research suggests changing your sleep schedule can decrease body fat
goodbye, peace and quiet. hello, phone calls on planes?
follow these 10 successful african entrepreneurs on twitter for business advice, news updates and life lessons:
joaqun 'el chapo' guzmn, the world's most powerful drug kingpin, is rumored to be hiding in honduras
joaqun 'el chapo' guzmn, the world's most powerful drug kingpin, is rumored to be hiding in honduras
who is more toxic to corporate america right now, a-rod or lance armstrong?
nigerian mogul tony elumelu makes $123 million in 3 weeks
10 cars to watch for at the l.a auto show:
goodbye, peace and quiet. hello, phone calls on planes?
ross ulbricht's mother says the silk road allegations are 'absurd,' launches a legal defense fund
a new york judge denied bail to alleged drug kingpin ross ulbricht, based on fresh accusations of violence
what you don't say about data can still hurt you
forbes editors showcase this year's best holiday gifts on the forbes gift guide
a san francisco startup takes aim at microsoft's $20b cash cow
liesel pritzker simmons of blue haven initiative on deciding how to invest in specific philanthropic efforts:
liesel pritzker simmons: 'where you put your money is a moral decision'
follow these 10 successful african entrepreneurs on twitter for business advice, news updates and life lessons:
nigerian mogul tony elumelu makes $123 million in 3 weeks
looking for a job in sales? here's who is hiring:
dell appoints ugandan millionaire ashish j. thakkar to its global entrepreneur-in-residence advisory board
the favorable omens and long odds of north korea's rason zone:
forbes magazine editor @randalllane answered your questions about billionaires and philanthropy:
microbusiness: 5 must-read tips for building a brand
if you're looking for a retail job, consider costco - no. 1 on our list of the best retail companies to work for
new research suggests changing your sleep schedule can decrease body fat
joaqun 'el chapo' guzmn, the world's most powerful drug kingpin, is rumored to be hiding in honduras
design for living: making damascus steel and timepieces
alleged silk road creator ross ulbricht was denied bail and is now accused of 6 murder-for-hires
hedge fund billionaire david einhorn blasts green mountain coffee: cooked books and a dying business model
booking your holiday getaway? you might want to consider which airline employees will be most cheerful this season
sleeping outside a best buy for a black friday deal doesn't appeal to you? shop online at these 10 sites instead:
china still has the world's fastest supercomputer
if you want your business to survive and thrive on black friday, here are some tips:
7 ways to resist the urge to splurge during the holidays:
morocco is the gateway for america's business in africa. here's why:
audi debuts the a3 family at the l.a. auto show  and goes for domination in the u.s.
10 cars to watch for at the l.a auto show:
at the l.a. auto show, porsche debuts its next best-seller:
existing home sales fall for the 2nd month in a row in october, prices are up as inventory stays tight
money can buy relief on wall street, and other lessons from jpmorgan's $13b deal
the cholesterol controversy shows medicine needs big data, not old data
we're looking for young, high-growth companies for our most promising list. fit the bill? apply here:
xeroxvoice: don't let your store crash on black friday 
king mohammed vi of morocco will meet with president obama on friday at the white house
in 2015, nasa will attempt to make history by growing plants on the moon
nfl owners, week 12: the winners (lurie, kraft) and losers (ross, mcnair)
"not everything on broadway has to be a pulitzer play. we are a tourist industry. wake up and smell the coffee."
billionaire low tuck kwong has a special hobby  his own private zoo
a new billionaire emerges from devon energy's $6 billion deal for geosouthern
what happens to your data after you're dead?
nearly 40 million people will hit the road this thanksgiving. is your car fit to travel?
the annual l.a. tech summit names its top picks for the city's hottest startups:
the best and worst airlines for holiday travel
7 of 19 mls teams are owned, at least in part, by a billionaire
moving can be extremely stressful and complicated. 8 tips for a successful job relocation:
10 cars to watch for at the l.a auto show:
the surprising cites creating the most tech jobs:
major league soccer's most valuable teams:
the bay area may get all the buzz, but a host of less-celebrated cities are gaining tech jobs at a faster pace
at the l.a. auto show, porsche debuts its next best-seller:
what do microsoft founder @billgates, bono, ellen johnson sirleaf and @officialmutombo have in common?
forbes magazine editor @randalllane answered your questions about billionaires and philanthropy:
liesel pritzker simmons: 'where you put your money is a moral decision'
the favorable omens and long odds of north korea's rason zone:
at the l.a. auto show, porsche debuts its next best-seller:
10 cars to watch for at the l.a auto show:
billionaire low tuck kwong has a special hobby  his own private zoo
centurylinkvoice: retailers: is your website ready for black friday?
nearly 40 million people will hit the road this thanksgiving. is your car fit to travel?
"not everything on broadway has to be a pulitzer play. we are a tourist industry. wake up and smell the coffee."
it's been a rough year for many of indonesia's richest
ross ulbricht's mother says the silk road allegations are 'absurd,' launches a legal defense fund
king mohammed vi of morocco will meet with president obama on friday at the white house
audi debuts the a3 family at the l.a. auto show  and goes for domination in the u.s.
credit card replacement @coin reaches campaign goal in 40 minutes, extends pre-order
money can buy relief on wall street, and other lessons from jpmorgan's $13b deal
the surprising cites creating the most tech jobs:
existing home sales fall for the 2nd month in a row in october, prices are up as inventory stays tight
is your employer shortchanging you on your 401(k) plan? 4 key questions to ask:
the cholesterol controversy shows medicine needs big data, not old data
moving can be extremely stressful and complicated. 8 tips for a successful job relocation:
liesel pritzker simmons of blue haven initiative on deciding how to invest in specific philanthropic efforts:
we're looking for young, high-growth companies for our most promising list. fit the bill? apply here:
7 of 19 mls teams are owned, at least in part, by a billionaire
major league soccer's most valuable teams:
nfl owners, week 12: the winners (lurie, kraft) and losers (ross, mcnair)
smarting from a gold buy? be clever with your capital loss deduction:
these companies build the technology used to spy on you:
despite a court order, the fourth largest tax biz in the country preps for sale
forget grain -- worry about what taxes are doing to your brain
.@goldieblox ceo debbie sterling on empowering girls and young women to get into stem
in 2015, nasa will attempt to make history by growing plants on the moon
there's a $500,000 tax break that will disappear by the end of the year
hackers broke into the syrian government's secret police systems and found... porn
struggling retailer $jcp misses on earnings and revenue but stock rises on optimism over sales trends
7 questions 20-something investors should consider before starting a portfolio
the best and worst airlines for holiday travel
what happens to your data after you're dead?
on the move: uber on moving into resistant markets [video]
"if you're wondering what the cloud can do for you, this is the big score."

china's transition to a tech economy based on innovations rather than copying continues to gain momentum
slideshow: the naughty and nice places to spend your bitcoin
aaron levie on why startups like box will beat microsoft
the brazilian billionaire who rules unitedhealth group
who is going to buy blackberry's porsche-designed z10?
is a commission-based sales job right for you?
a new study suggests the ideal percentage of your portfolio that should be devoted to art: 0%
cathy bessant has one of the biggest technology roles on the planet.
the $500,000 tax break that's disappearing by the year's end
can you be a bad writer and still be a successful entrepreneur? sure. you can also be short and play in the nba.
the highest paid musicians of 2013:
1. madonna
2. lady gaga
3. bon jovi
4. toby keith
5. coldplay
full story:
forget grain - worry about what taxes are doing to your brain
how one nigerian woman is leading a battle to decrease newborn mortality
sun tzu's the art of war, illustrated (chapter 13: the use of spies)
hillary clinton honored for making 'best humanitarian investment'
five marketing lessons from candy crush
salesforce1 sets an ambitious strategy to redefine selling and customer relationships
walmart will win black friday despite worker strikes, labor violations and food bank woes
an editor's guide to writing ridiculously good emails
what chris hadfield learned from his voyage in space
when is a picture okay to publish and when isn't it? google maps captures a murder scene:
best practices in planning for costly emergencies and more tips in personal finance:
ross ulbricht's family and friends offer to pledge over $1 million in bail for the alleged silk road mastermind
havens: $130 million river house residence is now nyc's most expensive home for sale
rachel zoe about her life as a working mom at the helm of a rapidly growing company
mexican billionaire carlos slim is quietly transferring assets to his children
from larry robbins to ashish thakkar, check out these success stories and tips:
what do high auction prices say about art investing?
talent strategies: global mobility, a win-win for you and your employer 
the cost of sony's ps4 hardware is close to the recommended retail price
dikembe mutombo tells the story behind building the first modern hospital in 40 years in his home country
lebron james might co-invest in a soccer team for miami with david beckham
next year, federal tax revenues will exceed $3 trillion for the first time in u.s. history.
'rewards keep you going' and other marketing lessons from candy crush
francine lefrak: women can exit poverty through business
the new issue of forbes celebrates the billionaires and entrepreneurs who are making a difference through philanthropy:
eyvoice: 12 inspiring female entrepreneurs 
what happens to your data after you're dead?
freedompop aims for the iphone as it connects more android devices
dropbox is doing great - but maybe not as great as previously believed
going global: the world's top-saving countries, 2013 
the perfect homestay in south america and more travel inspiration:
"we just announced our first $1 billion quarter." - marc benioff at dreamforce
how to communicate effectively at work
sony expects to have plenty of ps4s for the holidays
nokia shareholders approve sale of mobile devices to microsoft
job seekers are failing to present their attributes in a way that delivers what employers need and want. 
madonna tops our list of this year's highest-paid musicians
oppenheimerfundsvoice: 3 reasons dc won't shut down this winter 
how apple and samsung are collaborating to dominate in mobile
tesla's elon musk responds to concerns about recent fires
what do microsoft founder @billgates, bono, ellen johnson sirleaf and @officialmutombo have in common?
george weiss talks philanthropic role models and expediting research that could cure life-threatening diseases
scott gilmore holds the key to liberia's trove of entrepreneurs
ban ki-moon and raymond g. chambers discuss the role of private philanthropists in large public initiatives
lauren bush talks about the birth of her philanthropic movement to end global food insecurity
how supermodel christy turlington engages new audiences and amplifies her influence to help change the world:
we ranked america's top 50 givers in this interactive special report on philanthropy:
there's a hit out on ben bernanke on the 'assassination market' -- $75,000 in bitcoin has been raised for his murder
meet the start-up bringing investors to the fastest-growing economies in the world:
bill gates and bono talk about their alliance of fortune, fame and giving
are you the family atm? 60% of boomers help out adult relatives with money, averaging $15k
why isn't bitcoin interesting to economists?
would you pay $40 for this monstrous sumo bloody mary?
a new study says that video gaming has no negative effect on kids' behavior 
you can now book hotels via twitter
the 50 philanthropists who have given away the most money:
honda named top brand for residual values among mainstream automakers, followed by toyota, subaru, hyundai and mazda
universities want to become entrepreneurial campuses. is this a good idea?
apple's iphone 5s and 5c are showing strong uptake vs. the iphone 5
does your office stress you out? here are 9 tips for creating a stress-free work environment:
six (often frustrating) reasons why comcast's prices vary so widely from day to day and place to place:
liberty and justice's chid liberty talks expansion with america's fashion elite
lauren bush talks about the birth of her philanthropic movement to end global food insecurity
.@jeffskoll aims to "create entertainment that inspires and compels social change"
.@mariobatali tells us why he focuses on improving the healthcare, nutrition and literacy rates of the nations' kids:
can hedge fund billionaire paul tudor jones save america's public education system?
israeli economics minister warns that saudi arabia, other gulf states will build nuclear bombs if iran gets one
francine lefrak: women can exit poverty through business
jessica alba's triple bottom line startup the honest company just raised $25 million
water shortages could dry up the shale gas boom
are you the family atm? 60% of boomers help out adult relatives with money, averaging $15k
why isn't bitcoin interesting to economists?
let your inner 12-year-old rejoice - practical jetpacks are taking off
a new study says that video gaming has no negative effect on kids' behavior 
would you pay $40 for this monstrous sumo bloody mary?
you can now book hotels via twitter
black market tax preparers continue to defy the irs
.@ayandavilakazi once you hit a billion, more money has almost no utility. most driven by success/legacy/desire to change world #askforbes
.@asaadhutchinson not sure where you're looking. @billgates + @melindagates gave most ($1.9b), edging out @warrenbuffett #askforbes
.@azhar__siddique @warrenbuffett's good answer on @60minutes: if billionaires gave $ to heirs vs public good, world more unequal #askforbes
.@rapandobrian ft team of abt 10 in us + more at 30+ foreign editions. here's what went into givers list:
.@hcfoods already seeing more women billionaires! +more self-made women. used to be mostly widows, heirs. now blakely, burch, etc #askforbes
.@mvalawyerto the #forbes400 contains an icon next to every signatory. if they don't have one, they haven't signed...#askforbes
.@andersonmillerp 1) drive (almost every self-made billionaire overcame dozen insurmountable hurdles 2) luck. really need both #askforbes
promises/pledges/press releases don't cut it -- these are the people who last year put most into the hands of recipients. #askforbes
some articles to chum the #askforbes waters...here's our philanthropic 50, out today, listing the biggest givers
subscribe to forbes today and get our new philanthropy issue for free
honda named top brand for residual values among mainstream automakers, followed by toyota, subaru, hyundai and mazda
"there is nothing i want more than to see this project succeed, and for that i need dead politicians."
universities want to become entrepreneurial campuses. is this a good idea?
bitcoin surges to $600 heading into senate hearings
nasa's maven mission has successfully launched on its 10 month journey to solve a riddle about ancient mars
bill gates and bono talk about their alliance of fortune, fame and giving
the new issue of forbes celebrates the billionaires and entrepreneurs who are making a difference through philanthropy:
if we knew in 2012 what we now know about obamacare, would romney be president now?
as a signator to warren buffett's giving pledge, leon cooperman outlines the rationale that guides his philanthropy
apple's iphone 5s and 5c are showing strong uptake vs. the iphone 5
forbes editor @randalllane takes over @forbes @ 4:30pm est to talk billionaires and philanthropy
the 2014 forbes guide to the top 10 ski resorts in the united states:
we ranked america's top 50 givers in this interactive special report on philanthropy:
six (often frustrating) reasons why comcast's prices vary so widely from day to day and place to place:
there's a hit out on ben bernanke on the 'assassination market' -- $75,000 in bitcoin has been raised for his murder
dr. raj panjabi is training rural liberians to save lives
our latest cover story: america's richest are bringing hope to the world's 8th poorest nation
the 50 philanthropists who have given away the most money:
meet the 'assassination market' creator who's crowdfunding murder with bitcoins:
sir tom hunter on philanthropy, entrepreneurship and development:
governments can't erase poverty, nor can big corporations. these are the people and ideas that are doing it:
as seen on #60minutes: a golden age of philanthropy
"making money is a happiness. making other people happy is a superhappiness." -nobel peace winner muhammad yunus
billionaire @richardbranson's ultra-exclusive necker island has just reopened after a two-year closure
the 50 philanthropists who have given away the most money:
"in spite of all the rhetoric, pandora supports very healthy royalties for artists."
what do microsoft founder @billgates, bono, ellen johnson sirleaf and @officialmutombo have in common?
video: 3d-printed gun stands up to federal agents' testfiring -- except when it explodes 

lauren bush talks about the birth of her philanthropic movement to end global food insecurity
ban ki-moon and raymond g. chambers discuss the role of private philanthropists in large public initiatives
"we are losing the space race. this time the space is between our kids' ears."
only 106,185 americans opt to select obamacare in the first month
the new issue of forbes celebrates the billionaires and entrepreneurs who are making a difference through philanthropy:
bill gates and bono talk about their alliance of fortune, fame and giving
can hedge fund billionaire paul tudor jones save america's public education system?
jessica alba's triple bottom line startup the honest company just raised $25 million
billionaire @richardbranson's ultra-exclusive necker island has just reopened after a two-year closure
sir tom hunter on philanthropy, entrepreneurship and development:
francine lefrak: women can exit poverty through business
scott gilmore holds the key to liberia's trove of entrepreneurs
liberty and justice's chid liberty talks expansion with america's fashion elite
@msjennahscott thanks!
@jackbouffard @jeffskoll @60minutes here it is:
@skydeena thank you!
as seen on #60minutes: a golden age of philanthropy
forbes' @randalllane says billionaires are "uniquely qualified" to solve social problems that govts can't
governments can't erase poverty, nor can big corporations. these are the people and ideas that are doing it:
as seen on #60minutes: a golden age of philanthropy
"making money is a happiness. making other people happy is a superhappiness." -nobel peace winner muhammad yunus
what does the world's richest man have in common with the world's biggest rock star?
meet the start-up bringing investors to the fastest-growing economies in the world:
liesel pritzker simmons sued her family and got $500 million, but she's no trust fund baby
our latest cover story: america's richest are bringing hope to the world's 8th poorest nation
how to turn ebay scraps into billions
how to turn ebay scraps into billions
a look at nascar's unique approach to increasing official partners' return on investment:
the worst jobs for your health
year-end checkup: the tax savvy wedding planner
10 things you should be doing while you're unemployed:
hoping to turn your temporary holiday gig into a permanent, full-time job? here's what you'll need to do:
half meet-up, half bacchanalia, the yacht week has evolved into a floating rite for the young and affluent
with small-cap stocks, it's important to look beyond the numbers for events that can drive valuations
how will travel and tourism change in the future?  ari steinberg, founder of travel startup vamo, answers:
ocean spray has a knack for squeezing new $ out of the same old cranberries. can ceo randy papadellis do it again?
how much debt is too much? which kind should you pay first? a professional debt counselor answers:
forbes is linkedin's most shared publisher
half meet-up, half bacchanalia, the yacht week has evolved into a floating rite for the young and affluent
why some climate scientists are warming to nuclear power
ocean spray has a knack for squeezing new $ out of the same old cranberries. can ceo randy papadellis do it again?
future of work: american cities may have hit 'peak office' 
the best- and worst-performing biotech stocks, nov. 8 to nov. 15
after buzzfeed and cnn, other big publishers will use duolingo to translate articles
the 2014 forbes guide to the top 10 ski resorts in the united states:
fueled by a bevy of new sponsorship deals, manchester united has recorded its best first quarter ever
how motley crue's former manager transformed into a hollywood producer and comic book publisher: 

employee benefits lacking at your office? here's how to d.i.y.:
participant media founder jeff skoll on the power of a good story:
why didn't tumblr turn out more like twitter?

inflation and interest rates are going up, but we're on the cusp of a major bull market move
f-secure launches a dropbox for the dark web and a vpn that could erase content borders everywhere

nasa's cassini caught a photo of mars, venus and earth as seen from beyond saturn
fyi: irs releases tax calendar for 2014
bitcoin is booming, but start-ups can't get bank accounts
these african innovators are using mobile and web technology to make essential tasks much easier
how depression can speed the aging process
entrepreneurs clinic: first-rate insights from self-made superstars.
why not use tax preparers to sign people up for obamacare?
here's how index funds can beat the market:
why it's a bad idea to keep your retirement savings in cash
should you pull a crazy stunt to land a job?
pandora just wants the same royalty deal that apple got
the best hope of replacing lost coal jobs is through natural gas industry gains
blame washington, not hollywood, for r-rated violence in pg-13 films
how the brooklyn nets' $80 million tax penalty is making basketball competitive again:
attention fracktivists: corn ethanol is the real environmental culprit
smithsonian now allows anyone to print 3d renderings of almost two dozen priceless historic artifacts
here's why yale, harvard and sovereign funds are changing their views about alternative assets
"you cannot have your cake, eat it too, and then accept its cupcakes through legacy admissions."
your phone number is going to get a reputation score
coca-cola and ford team up to turn plastic bottles into car seat fabric
how identity thieves snagged $12m of $65m refund claims before getting caught:
study says that gaming has no negative effect on kids' behavior
here are 7 tiny companies that made it big
why instagram might be the best internet acquisition ever
in an age of swiftly moving technology, teams become more important, not less
there's a rock star among the 13 on the cover of our philanthropy issue (launches on sunday). who do you think it is?
scotus takes up a halliburton appeal challenging a fundamental tool of class-action lawyers
how to survive on freelance, contract or 'odd' jobs
billionaire scorecard: winners include icahn, bezos and williams
how your boss can snoop on you, nsa-style 
how to handle critics, build a brand, and rise above a dead-end job:
leaving the corporate world to go it alone? 4 things you need to know:
this data visualization shows the linkages among the 2013 forbes list of africa's 50 richest:
here's where teens are going instead of facebook:
20 signs that you're stuck in a dead-end job - and what to do if you are
hip-hop's hardest worker explains how to stay motivated
these are the 100 best websites for entrepreneurs
jane lauder is now america's youngest female billionaire
at least there aren't any nyc-sized icebergs breaking free of antarctica to block crucial shipping lanes. oh wait:
words of wisdom from some of africa's richest:
the real reason why francis bacon's 'lucian freud' is worth $142 million:
the overly expensive, tricky to sell investment product that everyone seems to be buying
the number of african billionaires surges to 27, up two-thirds from 2012
south africa leads the african continent in names appearing on forbes list of africas 50 richest
"if you don't have ambition, you shouldn't be alive."  aliko dangote
astronomers find that accelerated jets propelled from a black hole contain charged metal atoms
5 must-read tips for building a brand:
apple and samsung continue to dominate smartphone profits but there are changes underway
59.6-carat pink star diamond sells for a world record $83 million
snapchat rejected a $3 billion buyout offer from facebook. what were they thinking?
the 20 people skills you need to succeed at work:
who got rich this week: cosmetics maven jane lauder, the youngest female billionaire in america
"a vision is not enough. hard work and dedication is required to make that vision a reality."  strive masiyiwa
the reports of bitcoin's fundamental brokenness have been greatly exaggerated
why didn't tumblr turn out more like twitter?

f-secure launches a dropbox for the dark web and a vpn that could erase content borders everywhere

why not use tax preparers to sign people up for obamacare?
here's how index funds can beat the market:
cote d'ivoire's economy is down, but not out
microbusiness: the secrets to taking your small business global 
bitcoin is booming, but start-ups can't get bank accounts
how the brooklyn nets' $80 million tax penalty is making basketball competitive again:
why some climate scientists are warming to nuclear power
beyond the basics: employee benefits lacking at your office? here's how to d.i.y.
jane lauder is now america's youngest female billionaire
bitcoins may very well be coming to a 401(k) near you
the 20 people skills you need to succeed at work:
how your boss can snoop on you, nsa-style 
who got rich this week: cosmetics maven jane lauder, the youngest female billionaire in america
13 people are on the cover of our philanthropy issue, which launches on sunday. who do you think they are?
slideshow: the cities adding the most high-paid jobs
intelligent investing: a nice trick for gold traders
"in spite of all the rhetoric, pandora supports very healthy royalties for artists."
fueled by a bevy of new sponsorship deals, manchester united has recorded its best first quarter ever
lawsuit asks: should taxpayers pay more for labor peace?
the 2014 forbes guide to the top 10 ski resorts in the united states:
watch the randd chiefs of pfizer, merck, and amgen discuss the drug industry's challenges at #forbesrx:
acrylamide is found in everything from coffee to potatoes to dried fruit. here's why we should avoid it:
the fda calls out another food chemical to avoid: acrylamide
capitalonesparkvoice: should your business open on thanksgiving and christmas? 
blame washington, not hollywood, for r-rated violence in pg-13 films
italy tries biting apple as officials probe tax structures
this company wants to sanitize bitcoin for business, by tracking 'clean' accounts:
it's exciting that a court blessed google books, but it would be easy to overstate the importance of this ruling
the fed's centennial: a look at what yellen stands to inherit
fueled by a bevy of new sponsorship deals, manchester united has recorded its best first quarter ever
braves new world? taxpayer funding remains a concern as atlanta rushes towards a new stadium
the 2014 forbes guide to the top 10 ski resorts in the united states:
"a small but growing phenomenon." check out the latest bitcoin news:
thoughts on philanthropy from ancient philosophers maimonides and bob hope:
how will travel and tourism change in the future?  ari steinberg, founder of travel startup vamo, answers:
"in spite of all the rhetoric, pandora supports very healthy royalties for artists."
watch the randd chiefs of pfizer, merck, and amgen discuss the drug industry's challenges at #forbesrx:
forbes is linkedin's most shared publisher
hoping to turn your temporary holiday gig into a permanent, full-time job? here's what you'll need to do:
thanks, snowden! now all major tech companies reveal how often they give data to the govt
the best hope of replacing lost coal jobs is through natural gas industry gains
smithsonian now allows anyone to print 3d renderings of almost two dozen priceless historic artifacts
the winners and losers of the us airways - american merger:
how identity thieves snagged $12m of $65m refund claims before getting caught:
bitcoins may very well be coming to a 401(k) near you
"you cannot have your cake, eat it too, and then accept its cupcakes through legacy admissions."
the real reason why francis bacon's 'lucian freud' is worth $142 million:
snapchat rejected a $3 billion buyout offer from facebook. what were they thinking?
apple and samsung continue to dominate smartphone profits but there are changes underway
at least there aren't any nyc-sized icebergs breaking free of antarctica to block crucial shipping lanes. oh wait:
should snapchat have accepted facebook's $3 billion cash buyout offer?
it's the relationships, stupid: why j.p. morgan's #askjpm twitter chat went horribly, horribly wrong
with small-cap stocks, it's important to look beyond the numbers for events that can drive valuations
fueled by a bevy of new sponsorship deals, manchester united has recorded its best first quarter ever
participant media founder jeff skoll on the power of a good story:
thanks, snowden! now all major tech companies reveal how often they give data to the govt
investor bruce berkowitz launches an activist campaign against the u.s. government over fannie mae and freddie mac
hoping to turn your temporary holiday gig into a permanent, full-time job? here's what you'll need to do:
the best hope of replacing lost coal jobs is through natural gas industry gains
the best hope of replacing lost coal jobs is through natural gas industry gains
snapchat rejected a $3 billion buyout offer from facebook. what were they thinking?
thanks, snowden! now all major tech companies reveal how often they give data to the govt
the 10 metro areas where the highest proportion of new jobs created from 2013 to 2017 will be high-wage jobs:
federal agents learn that 3d-printed guns are dangerous when they work, and they're also dangerous when they don't
christy turlington and dikembe mutumbo on helping patients around the globe:
it's the relationships, stupid: why j.p. morgan's #askjpm twitter chat went horribly, horribly wrong
it's exciting that a court blessed google books, but it would be easy to overstate the importance of this ruling
the winners and losers of the us airways - american merger:
google triumphs in long-running legal fight over book scanning
obama grants one year reprieve for existing health insurance plans
janet yellen: no equity bubble, no real estate bubble, and no qe taper yet
how identity thieves snagged $12m of $65m refund claims before getting caught:
at least there aren't any nyc-sized icebergs breaking free of antarctica to block crucial shipping lanes. oh wait:
leaving the corporate world to go it alone? 4 things you need to know:
apple and samsung continue to dominate smartphone profits but there are changes underway
should snapchat have accepted facebook's $3 billion cash buyout offer?
bitcoins may very well be coming to a 401(k) near you
braves new world? taxpayer funding remains a concern as atlanta rushes towards a new stadium
the real reason why francis bacon's 'lucian freud' is worth $142 million:
game changers: need solar power in a hurry? this company has an answer
smithsonian now allows anyone to print 3d renderings of almost two dozen priceless historic artifacts
orbital sciences is launching a satellite designed and built by high school students
astronomers find that accelerated jets propelled from a black hole contain charged metal atoms
forbes is linkedin's most shared publisher
the fed's centennial: a look at what yellen stands to inherit
the house passes a bill to open the books of asbestos trusts, but it isn't likely to get to obama
after buzzfeed and cnn, other big publishers will use duolingo to translate articles
how will travel and tourism change in the future?  ari steinberg, founder of travel startup vamo, answers:
"a small but growing phenomenon." check out the latest bitcoin news:
how much debt is too much? which kind should you pay first? a professional debt counselor answers:
inflation and interest rates are going up, but we're on the cusp of a major bull market move
these african innovators are using mobile and web technology to make essential tasks much easier
how depression can speed the aging process
why miami dolphins lineman richie incognito may have a valid case if he chooses to appeal his suspension:
twitch has big-league audiences watching e-sports online. they've got big advertisers' attention, too:
the nfl continues to smash the tv competition with the most-watched shows for the 10th consecutive week
half meet-up, half bacchanalia, the yacht week has evolved into a floating rite for the young and affluent
pandora just wants the same royalty deal that apple got
"one of the best parts of being in hollywood is working with celebrities who have their hearts in the right place."
your phone number is going to get a reputation score
on a day when amazon made a major cloud enterprise announcement, dropbox countered with changes of their own
fruit of the loom's campaign, longchamp's billionaire status, lululemon's apology, and more in fashion:
this data visualization shows the linkages among the 2013 forbes list of africa's 50 richest:
billionaire scorecard: winners include icahn, bezos and williams
in an age of swiftly moving technology, teams become more important, not less
attention fracktivists: corn ethanol is the real environmental culprit
facebook tried to buy snapchat for $3 billion and snapchat turned it down. here's why:
the number of african billionaires surges to 27, up two-thirds from 2012
"if you don't have ambition, you shouldn't be alive."  aliko dangote
south africa leads the african continent in names appearing on forbes list of africas 50 richest
with a $7.9 billion fortune, johann rupert is africa's richest man
59.6-carat pink star diamond sells for a world record $83 million
here's where teens are going instead of facebook:
why didn't anyone raise an early alarm on the potential number of policy cancellations under obamacare?
eyvoice: what does the future hold for healthcare? 
firstmark capital closes its third fund at $225 million
only 106,185 americans opt to select obamacare in the first month
the nfl continues to smash the tv competition with the most-watched shows for the 10th consecutive week
59.6-carat pink star diamond sells for a world record $83 million
"a vision is not enough. hard work and dedication is required to make that vision a reality."  strive masiyiwa
pandora just wants the same royalty deal that apple got
the house passes a bill to open the books of asbestos trusts, but it isn't likely to get to obama
words of wisdom from some of africa's richest:
northwestern mutualvoice: vacation as a retirement test drive 
facebook tried to buy snapchat for $3 billion and snapchat turned it down. here's why:
nasa's cassini caught a photo of mars, venus and earth as seen from beyond saturn
why miami dolphins lineman richie incognito may have a valid case if he chooses to appeal his suspension:
5 must-read tips for building a brand:
these african innovators are using mobile and web technology to make essential tasks much easier
twitch has big-league audiences watching e-sports online. they've got big advertisers' attention, too:
music publishers are going after song lyric sites
forced ranking is as bad for yahoo as it was for microsoft
thoughts on philanthropy from ancient philosophers maimonides and bob hope:
"in spite of all the rhetoric, pandora supports very healthy royalties for artists."
the number of african billionaires surges to 27, up two-thirds from 2012
fruit of the loom's campaign, longchamp's billionaire status, lululemon's apology, and more in fashion:
forbes gift guide: the new $65,000 superleggera superbike from ducati
billionaire scorecard: winners include icahn, bezos and williams
with a $7.9 billion fortune, johann rupert is africa's richest man
inflation and interest rates are going up, but we're on the cusp of a major bull market move
the american-us airways mega-merger has been cleared for takeoff
"one of the best parts of being in hollywood is working with celebrities who have their hearts in the right place."
ocean spray has a knack for squeezing new $ out of the same old cranberries. can ceo randy papadellis do it again?
with small-cap stocks, it's important to look beyond the numbers for events that can drive valuations
havens: america's most expensive homes: what's in, what's out
half meet-up, half bacchanalia, the yacht week has evolved into a floating rite for the young and affluent
participant media founder jeff skoll on the power of a good story:
with small-cap stocks, it's important to look beyond the numbers for events that can drive valuations
lady gaga's management blues
how depression can speed the aging process
the best trade in all of 2013, was going long on stocks and selling gold short.
why instagram might be the best internet acquisition ever
why sequoia bet $19 million on berlin's wunderlist
this startup accelerator funds nuke detectors and a cure for viruses
should you pull a crazy stunt to land a job?
why it's a bad idea to keep your retirement savings in cash
bam! emeril lagasse has a new private barrel of bourbon
playstation, xbox and wii are in a tight race
top entrepreneurs in america reveal their 5 biggest strengths
here are 7 tiny companies that made it big
five myths about millennials as parents
when should you defend your personal brand online, and when should you ignore criticism?
these are the worlds most influential business thinkers
amazon and its brick-and-mortar competitors are on a collision course
hip-hop's hardest worker explains how to stay motivated
the overly expensive, tricky to sell investment product that everyone seems to be buying
these are the sites that teens are going to instead of facebook
on the move: uber on moving into resistant markets [video]
20 signs that you're stuck in a dead-end job - and what to do if you are
here are seven lessons for startups that matter
when should you take a statin? the answer just changed:
apple's steve jobs inducted into bay area business hall of fame after 'building something that was beautiful'
stanford vs. mit: how marketing trumps technology in startups
how a law you've never heard of could affect everything you eat
here's where teens are going instead of facebook
these are the 100 best websites for entrepreneurs
starbucks has been ordered to pay $2.8 billion to kraft
here's why yale, harvard and sovereign funds are changing their views about alternative assets
new u.s. cardiovascular guidelines emphasize individual risk over target cholesterol levels
the top 5 digital trends for 2014
3 lessons that entrepreneurs can learn from marc benioff
eyvoice: 5 growth strategies from health and beauty distributor dcs europe 
how to teach kids to code without turning them into hackers
the world entrepreneurship forum has named ugandan businessman ashish thakkar the world's best young entrepreneur.
hip-hop's hardest worker explains how to stay motivated
le pliage handbags have turned the family behind longchamp into billionaires
what $105m from ge can buy: pivotal launches a cloud-hopping platform for enterprise
us airways fined for failure to provide wheelchair assistance to passengers with disabilities
how your boss can snoop on you, nsa-style
the fight over raising the minimum wage is heating up
five myths about millennials as parents
when should you defend your personal brand online, and when should you ignore criticism?
the best-selling cars of 2013 aren't really cars at all
south african billionaire retail mogul christo wiese is among bidders looking to acquire british home stores
oppenheimerfundsvoice: 3 reasons dc won't shut down this winter 
amazon and its brick-and-mortar competitors are on a collision course
these are the worlds most influential business thinkers
the overly expensive, tricky to sell investment product that everyone seems to be buying
did instagram sell too early?
travel tech: how entrepreneurs can travel smarter 
an american buyer purchases john lennon's childhood home in wavertree, liverpool, for 480,000 (about $772,000)
ericsson projects that there could be 8 billion broadband subscribers in 2019 with 5.6 billion smartphones in use
why that healthy-looking 2.8% third-quarter gdp number is less healthy than you think:
by tracking customers and skus, and freedompay helps build deep customer relationships
this year's no. 1 military friendly employer is usaa, a financial services provider for the military community
sporty vehicles with the highest theft rates, a look at japanese-branded cars, and a revamped porsche:
6 tips to fix the broken long term care system in america:
lady gaga's artpop pop-up store: art or commerce?
another round of layoffs is about to hit new york startup
the 0.9% obamacare tax that's about to hit you:
the 4th largest tax preparation business in the u.s. has been ordered to shut down by the feds
the new list of too big to fail banks is here with jpm and hsbc at the top
do you accept lululemon billionaire chip wilson's teary apology over his body-shaming comments?
clayton christensen is still the most influential business thinker in the world, according to thinkers50
brazil's 'king of the luxury hard-partying' makes a (high) living out of bad debtors
it's not uncommon to apply for a job you're overqualified for these days. here's how you should approach the process:
10 ways to become better at your job today:
lexus will unveil a new coupe called the rc at the 2013 tokyo motor show
mercedes-benz is surging at the end of the 2013 u.s. luxury-sales race
the 5 best reasons for buying the xbox one instead of a ps4:
how to invest in twitter for less than $20:
chemicals billionaire jon huntsman boosts children's cancer research with a $50 million donation
atlanta braves plan to move into a new $672 million ballpark in cobb co.
bill gates is in nigeria to monitor polio eradication. progress is good: reported cases have dropped by more than 50%
rethinking risk: how waiting kills companies and cultures 
as the holiday shopping season approaches, investors can buy these stocks for bargain price:
could the winter season impact your finances? how to prepare, and more in personal finance:
it's a good time to be a registered nurse or a customer service rep
do you accept lululemon billionaire chip wilson's teary apology over his body-shaming comments?
by tracking customers and skus, and freedompay helps build deep customer relationships
this year's no. 1 military friendly employer is usaa, a financial services provider for the military community
the new list of too big to fail banks is here with jpm and hsbc at the top
the 5 best reasons for buying the xbox one instead of a ps4:
are you paying too much for your 401(k)?
sungardasvoice: why blockbuster never had a chance
mercedes-benz is surging at the end of the 2013 u.s. luxury-sales race
the best-selling cars of 2013 aren't really cars at all
why that healthy-looking 2.8% third-quarter gdp number is less healthy than you think:
chemicals billionaire jon huntsman boosts children's cancer research with a $50 million donation
ericsson projects that there could be 8 billion broadband subscribers in 2019 with 5.6 billion smartphones in use
6 tips to fix the broken long term care system in america:
these 20 tech companies report the most fictionalized earnings:
10 ways to become better at your job today:
billionaire carl icahn tweets about $3 dividend deal with transocean, lauds its prospects for activist investing
coincidentally, our next issue is focused on philanthropy. rt @rainnwilson .@forbes can u do an issue devoted to the poor?
these inspiring folks won the 2013 awards for using their second acts to improve the lives of others:
the 0.9% obamacare tax that's about to hit you:
veterans day rock star: a look at gary sinise's lt. dan band, which raises millions for multi-amputees:
can you imagine staging your own murder to escape the wrath of an online drug kingpin? this guy did it:
sellers of all kinds are discovering the value of letting customers create their own unique products.
did instagram sell too early?
while western commentators refer to putin as "increasingly unpopular," the actual data says otherwise
an american buyer purchases john lennon's childhood home in wavertree, liverpool, for 480,000 (about $772,000)
sporty vehicles with the highest theft rates, a look at japanese-branded cars, and a revamped porsche:
the worldwide video game marketplace will reach $93 billion in 2013, up from $79 billion in 2012
the best internship experience on wall street? evercore partners. the top banking/finance internships for 2014:
your airbnb host can use smart thermostat nest for surveillance
live nation's results reveal a concert landscape that seems to have recovered dramatically
the worldwide video game marketplace will reach $93 billion in 2013, up from $79 billion in 2012
the best internship experience on wall street? evercore partners. the top banking/finance internships for 2014:
nuclear isn't dead, but cheap natural gas has shuttered some plants and left others at risk
sting operation nabs alleged online arms dealer via a silk road competitor
apple rumor mill again heats up with reports of big-screen iphones
the quick-tip holiday playbook for busy entrepreneurs:
weekend box office: 'thor 2' sets marvel record with mighty $86 million
netflix + thor = marvel's magnificent money-making machine
rt @rmac18: for more on how @gopro's cameras evolved over time, check out the @forbes interactive:
how to turn the job you hate into the job you love:
the world's richest restauranteur says it's not about the food
8 reasons startup incubators are better than business school
the top 5 ugliest billionaire websites:
here's what law enforcement can recover from a seized iphone:
weekend box office: 'thor 2' sets marvel record with mighty $86 million
9th circuit rules against one of the nation's most famous (and oldest) tax protestors, irwin schiff
wall street bonuses are expected to rise 5% to 10% this year
4 months after bankruptcy, michigan leaders are trying to reframe detroit as america's comeback city
before zuckerberg, systrom and karp, michael dell defined the myth of the american tech prodigy
never give stores your zip code. here's why:
why we need to take twenty-somethings seriously:
how to start a business with only $100 in the bank:
why steve jobs' magic doesn't work in medicine:
5 lessons in luxury car design from the guys who park them:
half of college grads are working jobs that don't require a degree
a look at lockheed martin, employer stock, the mindset of an investor, and more in investing:
led by goldman sachs' anthony noto, the balance of power for tech ipos has shifted to new york
golfer phil mickelson wants to take his game to the 2016 olympics
why billionaires receive farm subsidies, plus a look at gmo labeling and the move to ban trans fat:
forbes is hiring! are you looking for your next career move, internship opportunity or temporary role? look here:
lululemon's founder has no filter, and it's costing the company. the latest in a long string of slurs:
loveroom, the airbnb for attractive people, is doing the fake startup game wrong
healthcare is increasingly focused on compliance rather than patient care
bitcoin soars while liberty reserve draws guilty plea
the technology industry has the responsibility to lead the charge toward gender parity
why stocks remain the best long-term bet and how you can avoid risky investments:
the high cost of getting high: colorado voters approve new 25% tax on recreational marijuana
why stocks remain the best long-term bet and how you can avoid risky investments:
why stocks remain the best long-term bet and how you can avoid risky investments:
fact-checking president obama's kind-of sort-of 'apology' for obamacare-driven insurance cancellations
what happens behind the scenes when a stock has priced its ipo but they're debating what the opening trade should be?
the most dominant countries in history are the most indebted nations today, according to new imf data
when it comes to television, the nfl is smashing the competition
trans fats may soon be a thing of the past, as the fda moves for a comprehensive new ban
asana offers food to employees with a focus on health and productivity
on november 12, 2013, the first non-human will ring the closing bell on nasdaq
3d-printing 'encryption' app hides contraband objects in plain sight
netflix + thor = marvel's magnificent money-making machine
this pet-friendly tech startup is exploding on kickstarter
from walmart to bitcoin: meet the ceo behind the chinese exchange sending btc to new highs
san francisco rents have skyrocketed 10.1% from last year
what's your value as a twitter user? check out the latest developments on twitter's ipo:
should you have the right not to know genetic information?
the irs paid out between $12b and $13b in bogus tax credits in 2012 (and $132b over the last decade)
9 easy ways to win over your boss:
4k is the next big thing in tv. so what is it?
who are the most important innovators and influencers under 30? share your picks with us here!
here's what the marketing organization of the future should look like:
forensic experts claim that king tut died in a chariot accident - and that his mummy spontaneously combusted
think nsa is invading privacy? better read faa's plan to integrate drones into us airspace
when is a motorcycle worth $65k? when it's made in italy with 200 horsepower, in a limited run of 500
how to get more respect as a manager
russia is on pace to record population growth in 2013
how to deal with your annoying co-workers:
curtis clark green, a silk road employee, staged his own murder to help authorities nab the dread pirate roberts
big british retailer tesco is installing screens that will scan your face and deliver targeted ads
how well you age depends largely on your childhood.
a former uk government drug advisor is calling for more access to ecstasy
see which #forbesbillionaires are losing money or gaining money - in real-time
see which #forbesbillionaires are losing money or gaining money - in real-time
four 401(k) no-brainers to avoid leaving money on the table
when it comes to television, the nfl is smashing the competition
10 ways to avoid being branded as "old" at work
our latest magazine issue is now available for our ipad app. get it today!
with the higgs boson safely tucked away, the next great hunt for physicists is for dark matter
after flirting with failure, major league soccer popularity is now surging
7 excuses we use to cover up failure:
how big is the penalty if you don't get health insurance?
why twitter's ipo was really a failure:
7 excuses we use to cover up failure:
tech companies dominate our list of the most valuable brands this year
an ipad air burst into flames. should you worry about yours?
american cities may have hit 'peak office'
here's what we know now about blackberry's strategic failings
the top 8 workplace trends in the financial services industry
meet the silk road employee that the dread pirate roberts allegedly tried to murder:
why are solar panels so inefficient?
apple, microsoft and coca-cola lead our world's most valuable brands list, while samsung is the biggest gainer
one woman had racked up nearly $100,000 in debt when she made a promise to herself that would set her finances right
hillary clinton is connected to nearly everyone on the world's most powerful people list:
this employee got prison time and $1.5m fine for holding network password hostage after he lost his job:
14 things to look for when you go in for a job interview
why you should have kids in your 20s instead of your 30s:
the dread pirate roberts tried to kill a 47-year-old grandfather to preserve online drug marketplace silk road 
everything you've heard about crack and meth is wrong
one woman had racked up nearly $100,000 in debt when she made a promise to herself that would set her finances right
6 good reasons to keep your resume updated, even if you're happy at your current job:
improving productivity, embracing change as a leader, and more business management-related features:
"it's not against twitter policies to tweet nude photos, though trolling their ceo may be frowned upon"
things are getting real: the federal reserve of chicago issues a bitcoin primer
'star wars episode vii' gets a 2015 christmas season release
meet the silk road employee that the dread pirate roberts allegedly tried to murder:
whether you run a large corporation or a small business, here are the 4 most effective ways leaders solve problems:
5 small workspace changes that will make you more productive
'silk road 2.0' launches, promising a resurrected black market on the web 
at $25 billion, twitter has a larger market value than sandp 500 components like kellogg and netflix
from walmart to bitcoin: meet the ceo behind the chinese exchange sending btc to new highs
october was kind to jc penney, though not so nice to mcdonald's
#ff top forbes writers this week: @davethier @avik @jacquelynvsmith @erikkain @paultassi @a_greenberg @therealjencohen @glennllopis
thursday box office: 'thor: the dark world' earns $7.1 million
a look at lockheed martin, employer stock, the mindset of an investor, and more in investing:
what happens behind the scenes when a stock has priced its ipo but they're debating what the opening trade should be?
think nsa is invading privacy? better read faa's plan to integrate drones into us airspace
after flirting with failure, major league soccer popularity is now surging
this amazing robot exoskeleton allows the paralyzed to walk again:
in-flight phone calls may not be in the near future, but look for next closest thing soon: text messaging
whether you run a large corporation or a small business, here are the 4 most effective ways leaders solve problems:
the world's most indebted country is greece, with general government net debt that is 173% of its gdp
hands-on work, post-internship job options and competitive pay make capital one the best it internship of 2014
why twitter's ipo was really a failure:
why you should have kids in your 20s instead of your 30s:
what's your value as a twitter user? check out the latest developments on twitter's ipo:
entrepreneurs clinic: top motivational secrets from c-suite stars
lululemon's founder has no filter, and it's costing the company. the latest in a long string of slurs:
u.s. economy added 204k jobs in october; unemployment rate up slightly to 7.3% from 7.2% in september
9th circuit rules against one of the nation's most famous (and oldest) tax protestors, irwin schiff
"people who think they can hide behind a veil of an 'underground' site to buy/sell weapons illegally are mistaken"
microbusiness: the five 'c's of small business lending
nuclear isn't dead, but cheap natural gas has shuttered some plants and left others at risk
the best internship experience on wall street? evercore partners. the top banking/finance internships for 2014:
why stocks remain the best long-term bet and how you can avoid risky investments:
when it comes to television, the nfl is smashing the competition
twitter's message to tv networks: 'we come in peace; let's make money together'
the high cost of getting high: colorado voters approve new 25% tax on recreational marijuana
on november 12, 2013, the first non-human will ring the closing bell on nasdaq
twitter billionaires and insiders are riding the ipo pop and holding off on selling shares
one woman had racked up nearly $100,000 in debt when she made a promise to herself that would set her finances right
an american buyer purchases john lennon's childhood home in wavertree, liverpool, for 480,000 (about $772,000)
6 good reasons to keep your resume updated, even if you're happy at your current job:
things are getting real: the federal reserve of chicago issues a bitcoin primer
at $25 billion, twitter has a larger market value than sandp 500 components like kellogg and netflix
this employee got prison time and $1.5m fine for holding network password hostage after he lost his job:
apple, microsoft and coca-cola lead our world's most valuable brands list, while samsung is the biggest gainer
with the higgs boson safely tucked away, the next great hunt for physicists is for dark matter
how big is the penalty if you don't get health insurance?
the best internship experience on wall street? evercore partners. the top banking/finance internships for 2014:
the olympic torch is now on board the international space station
after ross ulbricht's first ny court appearance, his lawyer says he's not the fbi's dread pirate roberts
the technology industry has the responsibility to lead the charge toward gender parity
why stocks remain the best long-term bet and how you can avoid risky investments:
when it comes to television, the nfl is smashing the competition
5 lessons refinery29 can teach you to be the next $100m startup:
how big is the penalty if you don't get health insurance?
"people who think they can hide behind a veil of an 'underground' site to buy/sell weapons illegally are mistaken"
with the higgs boson safely tucked away, the next great hunt for physicists is for dark matter
statoil energy realitiesvoice: auto fuels reborn
everything you've heard about crack and meth is wrong
apple, microsoft and coca-cola lead our world's most valuable brands list, while samsung is the biggest gainer
a twitter user is worth $110; facebook's $98; linkedin's $93 
in 2015, fans will get a new 'star wars' movie for christmas
sting operation nabs alleged online arms dealer via a silk road competitor
live nation's results reveal a concert landscape that seems to have recovered dramatically
twitter billionaires and insiders are riding the ipo pop and holding off on selling shares
the worldwide video game marketplace will reach $93 billion in 2013, up from $79 billion in 2012
the reports of bitcoin's fundamental brokenness have been greatly exaggerated
northwestern mutualvoice: playing the waiting game to update your device 
one woman had racked up nearly $100,000 in debt when she made a promise to herself that would set her finances right
this employee got prison time and $1.5m fine for holding network password hostage after he lost his job:
internet freedom in myanmar expanded dramatically over the past year
loveroom, the airbnb for attractive people, is doing the fake startup game wrong
dog the irs bounty hunter? private tax collectors are coming:
netflix + thor = marvel's magnificent money-making machine
trans fats may soon be a thing of the past, as the fda moves for a comprehensive new ban
an american buyer purchases john lennon's childhood home in wavertree, liverpool, for 480,000 (about $772,000)
at $25 billion, twitter has a larger market value than sandp 500 components like kellogg and netflix
"it's not against twitter policies to tweet nude photos, though trolling their ceo may be frowned upon"
twitter opens at $45.10, stock pops 73% in nyse debut
eyvoice: you can't see the holes in your own business
fannie mae posts third quarter profit of $8.7 billion, the majority of which will go straight to uncle sam
things are getting real: the federal reserve of chicago issues a bitcoin primer
these individuals own the largest stakes in twitter and will get rich from the ipo:
why stocks remain the best long-term bet and how you can avoid risky investments:
no, bitcoin is not broken, says lead developer gavin andresen
the high cost of getting high: colorado voters approve new 25% tax on recreational marijuana
ptcvoice: how google glass is now being used during surgery
this pet-friendly tech startup is exploding on kickstarter
9 easy ways to win over your boss:
here's what the marketing organization of the future should look like:
google security engineers blast nsa on google+
tech companies dominate our list of the most valuable brands this year
apple, microsoft and coca-cola lead our world's most valuable brands list, while samsung is the biggest gainer
you can no longer "make it a blockbuster night." dish network is closing down the remaining 300 blockbuster stores:
how to deal with your annoying co-workers:
7 excuses we use to cover up failure:
the 10 coolest things @oprah gave away for her charity auction:
the best internship for 2014? bp america. meaningful work experience, pay, perks and career opportunities:
a former uk government drug advisor is calling for more access to ecstasy
'silk road 2.0' launches, promising a resurrected black market on the web 
world's most powerful drug realer joaqun 'el chapo' guzmn makes a mockery of u.s. law enforcement
individual investors: you may not want to scramble and jump on twitter's ipo
uk laws are still stifling scientific research into the potential benefits of drugs like cannabis and ecstasy
9 easy ways to win over your boss:
on november 12, 2013, the first non-human will ring the closing bell on nasdaq
game changers: tesla considers building the world's biggest lithium-ion battery factory
7 excuses we use to cover up failure:
this pet-friendly tech startup is exploding on kickstarter
google security engineers blast nsa on google+
4k is the next big thing in tv. so what is it?
the 10 coolest things @oprah gave away for her charity auction:
5 small workspace changes that will make you more productive
tech companies dominate our list of the most valuable brands this year
you can no longer "make it a blockbuster night." dish network is closing down the remaining 300 blockbuster stores:
rapper @nipseyhussle stopped by forbes to talk $100 mixtapes and to pick up a few copies of his favorite mag
despite complaints, instagram ads are working, says ceo kevin systrom
after ross ulbricht's first ny court appearance, his lawyer says he's not the fbi's dread pirate roberts
a 23% boost in oil production helps chesapeake energy profit and year-end guidance 
the methodology behind forbes' look at the most valuable brands around the globe:
the worldwide video game marketplace will reach $93 billion in 2013, up from $79 billion in 2012
valueact hedge fund's big microsoft bet is paying off so far
why stocks remain the best long-term bet and how you can avoid risky investments:
world's most powerful drug realer joaqun 'el chapo' guzmn makes a mockery of u.s. law enforcement
here's what the marketing organization of the future should look like:
apple, microsoft and coca-cola lead our world's most valuable brands list, while samsung is the biggest gainer
'silk road 2.0' launches, promising a resurrected black market on the web 
improving productivity, embracing change as a leader, and more business management-related features:
internet freedom in myanmar expanded dramatically over the past year
year-end checkup: how to maximize your 2013 deductions
one world trade center unveils new marketing offices to woo tenants
american cities may have hit 'peak office'
dog the irs bounty hunter? private tax collectors are coming:
journalists covering the sochi olympics claim they're being harrassed by police
while western commentators refer to putin as "increasingly unpopular," the actual data says otherwise
the supreme court refused to halt a settlement lawyers engineered with facebook over its short-lived beacon program
the youtube music awards missed its chance to represent the best of the new music business
have today's economic big shots gone mad? asks @steveforbesceo
zillow revenue up despite weak consumer housing appetite
forbes is hiring! are you looking for your next career move, internship opportunity or temporary role? look here:
did instagram sell too early?
monster energy argued that "dope!" granted it the right to publish copyrighted material. the court said nope.
one world trade center unveils new marketing offices to woo tenants
can call of duty: ghosts beat grand theft auto v's first day video game sales record?
tesla's third-quarter sales came in at 5,500 vehicles, nearly 10% than it promised it would deliver last quarter.
with a promise of no annual contract, t-mobile brings in a million new subscribers
tesla shares slide after earnings report
tesla is considering building the largest lithium-ion battery factory in the world
the dirty business of tax-exempt campaign money laundries
the world's largest democracy aims a satellite towards the red planet.
how 'star wars' could become the next 'star trek'
google's eric schmidt is not a fan of microsoft and isn't afraid of the rise of social media.
sun tzu's the art of war, illustrated (chapter 10: terrain)
san francisco rents have skyrocketed 10.1% from last year
apple is making good on its promise to boost manufacturing in the u.s., and plans to open a new plant in arizona
gm is looking to plug holes in its model lineup
nbc expects to profit from its sochi olympics coverage
tesla revenues are up 9% but production is hindering growth
how chaos makes us more innovative
a new twitter update puts the focus on ads - and users aren't happy.
russia is on pace to record population growth in 2013
acer will see its second ceo resign in less than three years to atone for losses
talent strategies: 5 ways leaders bridge the generational divide 
in pictures: the 15 hottest new cars for 2014
how well you age depends largely on your childhood.
after 3 years of silence, the newest album from rapper eminem hits shelves today
will legalizing pot result in more or less drinking?
eyvoice: will the next generation take over the family business? 
how the best leaders embrace change
forensic experts claim that king tut died in a chariot accident - and that his mummy spontaneously combusted
5 small changes to your workspace could make you more productive
american cities may have hit 'peak office'
facebook is close to being dethroned as the world's no. 1 social network.
the new blackberry ceo says the company's turnaround could take a year and a half
to use @forbes new safesource anonymous tip tool, get torbrowser from
jack dorsey talks square, product design, and building companies
toad the wet sprocket came to forbes to perform for us!
india's mars orbiter has begun its long journey to the red planet
here's what we know now about blackberry's strategic failings
four 401(k) no-brainers to avoid leaving money on the table
asana offers food to employees with a focus on health and productivity
14 things to look for when you go in for a job interview
the irs paid out between $12b and $13b in bogus tax credits in 2012 (and $132b over the last decade)
who are the most important innovators and influencers under 30? share your picks with us here!
simplicity is the missing element in twitter right now.
small business strategies: 3 tough lessons from a startup's first year 
aol's revenue jumps, but exiting patch has proved costly
in major league soccer, the table is a 50/50 split between luck and talent
social gaming platform playphone enters the asian market in a partnership with singtel
steve cohen will probably earn enough this year to cover his hedge fund's new $1.2 billion settlement
before zuckerberg, systrom and karp, michael dell defined the myth of the american tech prodigy
11 uses for leftover halloween candy (and the resulting tax consequences)
while obamacare stutters, these entrepreneurs are finding their own solutions to health care challenges:
49-state analysis: obamacare to increase individual-market premiums by an average of 41%
sporty vehicles with the highest theft rates, a look at japanese-branded cars, and a revamped porsche:
gold: the metal, the standard, and the market:
3d-printing 'encryption' app hides contraband objects in plain sight
when is a motorcycle worth $65k? when it's made in italy with 200 horsepower, in a limited run of 500
mexican billionaire carlos slim agrees to sell rights to broadcast the 2014 winter olympics to govt-owned tv channel
a lawsuit over gambling cash seized at the atlanta airport morphs into a debate over internet law
help us pick the young talents in food and wine for our 30 under 30 list!
why are solar panels so inefficient?
new college grads take note: you're never too young to think about tax dodges
14 things to look out for when you go in for a job interview:
the forbes video team is seeking a full-time video editor. details here:
this year's biggest dealmakers explain how to build value in the drug business:
if govt agencies hope to police the spread of dangerous digital shapes, their job is about to get much more difficult
forensic experts claim that king tut died in a chariot accident 
design for living: how to recruit a great designer for your startup 
son learns its not nice to make threats on instagram (even at mom's tax trial)
while obamacare stutters, these entrepreneurs are finding their own solutions to health care challenges:
preet bharara isn't done with steve cohen and sac capital
when is a motorcycle worth $65k? when it's made in italy with 200 horsepower, in a limited run of 500
"it's not against twitter policies to tweet nude photos, though trolling their ceo may be frowned upon"
gyrovoice: 5 millennial stereotypes that aren't true (mostly)
the death and rebirth of @profjeffjarvis, the best parody account on twitter
edm-obsessed millennials boost sfx entertainment outlook
gold: the metal, the standard, and the market:
a lawsuit over gambling cash seized at the atlanta airport morphs into a debate over internet law
mexican billionaire carlos slim agrees to sell rights to broadcast the 2014 winter olympics to govt-owned tv channel
14 things to look out for when you go in for a job interview:
steve cohen will probably earn enough this year to cover his hedge fund's new $1.2 billion settlement
why are solar panels so inefficient?
help us pick the young talents in food and wine for our 30 under 30 list!
so much for twitter being the 'anti-facebook' in its approach to going public. twitter raises ipo price range:
3d-printing 'encryption' app hides contraband objects in plain sight
new college grads take note: you're never too young to think about tax dodges
blackberry shares plummet as buyout collapses
kellogg plans to cut its global workforce by 7% in four-year cost-savings program
twitter hikes ipo price range, aims to sell shares for $23-$25
11 uses for leftover halloween candy (and the resulting tax consequences)
"@carl_c_icahn didn't know whether we made nuclear plants or french fries." - @michaeldell
vocativ brings the tools of the spy world into newsroom
lavabit and silent circle join forces to make all email surveillance-proof:
before zuckerberg, systrom and karp, michael dell defined the myth of the american tech prodigy
introducing mark rachesky, the smart money man who bankrolled the hunger games movies:
andy warhol, george harrison and james dean just missed making our top-earning dead celebrities list this year
world view wants to take you to space using balloons instead of rockets
fresh from its world series win, boston eyes the 2024 olympics
will the soon-to-be-former mayor of new york city become even more powerful out of office?
mexico's oil reforms will create opportunities and challenges for the world's richest and most powerful. here are a few:
michael jackson leads our list of the top-earning dead celebrities
"if bitcoin represents anything to us, it's the ability to forbid the government."
which member of the beatles, living or dead, earns the most? we crunched the numbers:
half of college grads are working jobs that don't require a degree
never give stores your zip code. here's why:
how to start a business with only $100 in the bank:
how to be a great manager that employees want to work with
why weird is both wonderful and bankable:
investors take note: even billionaires like carl icahn take profits off the table
kroger discovers that if you map a customer's "dna," your coupons will work:
sting discusses his latest album and upcoming broadway musical
irs raises limit on tax-free lifetime gifts
microbusiness: three steps to overcome your fear of delegation
this holiday season, target is all about the discounts, and not much else
the broad reach of broadridge, the most important financial firm you've never heard of:
central europe is becoming a big destination for medical tourism
we're looking for a wealth analyst intern in nyc. it's a paid position. details:
"our energy policy is our military policy. surely we can do better." - @boonepickens on u.s. energy policy
industry atlas: are the world's happy workers the most productive?
the 2014 porsche panamera turbo s is an impressive machine that goes against the company's key founding principles
the most successful leaders do these 15 things automatically every day:
8 reasons startup incubators are better than business school
the first step to building your personal brand
top 10 reasons why large companies fail to keep their best talent:
how to ace the 50 most common job interview questions:
the top 5 ugliest billionaire websites:
simon khalaf's flurry collects more data than almost anyone on earth about smartphone users
mexico's enrique pea nieto is leading an oil revolution worth billions
video: at airbnb, chef sam lippman concocts vegan-friendly menus inspired by airbnb listings and musical artists.
intelligent investing: when things get beaten up, look for the larger market caps
"the oil business is a global business, a geopolitical business. to compete pemex needs a tremendous restructuring."
the forbes video team is seeking an associate producer for a temporary assignment of 3-6 months. details:
tanking, new arenas, sky-high payrolls and lebron will all be major storylines for the 2013-14 nba season
nyu is taking worldwide education to the next level
'ender's game' won't be the next 'hunger games'
move over, stewart and colbert. meet the millennial duo mining public policy for laughs:
billionaire scorecard: larry page up, pierre omidyar down
8 people from our #powerfulpeople list hail from mainland china and india, 3 of whom are billionaires
google glass explorer gets ticketed for driving under the influence of glass
tech companies write congress begging for surveillance reform
how much did the feds really help when it came to developing fracking?
why you shouldn't collect a candy tax from your kids
5 years after the govt bailout of the auto industry, a look at how some of the saga's main characters are doing:
where should companies draw the line in collecting information about us in their efforts to sell things?
if you launched one of the world's most exciting startups, and you're based outside the us, we want to hear from you
the truth of what happened during gm's darkest days has never been told. until now:
india faces good economic times - just in time for the diwali holidays
isaac larian is worth an estimated $1.1 billion after knocking barbie down a peg
should you use your home state 529 college savings plan for a tax deduction? here is a formula to help you decide:
beyond the basics: three bizarre but really important retirement questions
google took aim at the next billion users worldwide with today's introduction its flagship nexus 5 smartphone.
forget the bailout - this is the untold true story of how general motors was really saved:
japanese-branded cars are increasingly made in america by americans
why it's time to give up on tax reform
six ways america can step up its game in biomedical breakthroughs
this year there are 9 women on our list of the world's most powerful people - 12% of the ranking
people tend to be more honest in the morning and more dishonest in the afternoon
the herschel space telescope lifts the veil on the milky way's dusty core
p.a.c.e.voice: transforming lives - a smart business strategy
video: from conception to consumer, the iphone is in the hands of some powerful people.
can google glass change the music business?
carlos slim gives $74 million to make genomic research less ethnically-biased
these twin sisters can control what you buy by manipulating your nose:
the new york public library has created a list of 100 great children's book of the last century
the world's 12 most powerful entrepreneurs:
who got rich this week: this company is flying high thanks to the faa
a 250-megawatt solar power plant has risen from the beautiful carrizo plain in central california
7 ways mobile will change business in 2014:
forbes editors showcase this year's best holiday gifts on the forbes gift guide
st. louis expects to see a $23.7 million economic impact from hosting the world series
you're an old brand, charlie brown: the $80m business of peanuts needs a turnaround
after 125 years building work wear for the american workingman, carhartt is now an unlikely fashion icon
lenovo, the world's biggest pc maker, aims to break into the top mobile ranks by rethinking its manufacturing
the world's most powerful people 2013:
hillary clinton is connected to virtually everyone on the world's most powerful people list:
mozilla's lightbeam uncovers the web's secret spies
video: the top earning dead celebrities of 2013
how to be part of the team when you work from home:
chevy's camaro tops the list of the most stolen performance cars
the liberal war on food stamps
businesses must begin to tell their hero's journey stories, because stories drive change
the kindle is still the most popular device for reading ebooks
here's what you need to know about how financial aid need affects college admission decisions:
average home prices across the u.s. are back to their mid-2004 levels and roughly 20% below their june/july 2006 peak
the nba should compete against the nfl by keeping young players in college
9 questions to help you find your dream career
the world's happiest (and saddest) countries 2013:
nfl players including frank gore and santonio holmes file a multi-million dollar lawsuit against bbandt
"be prepared for the rejection. don't let it overcome you." business tips from billionaire john paul dejoria:
the common application to college: great idea, disastrous execution
with the 2015 escalade, cadillac elevates the art and science of luxury
"create the best product you can," and other business tips from once homeless billionaire, john paul dejoria:
the world's first supersonic business jet will fly in 2021
for 5 years running, norway has ranked as the most prosperous country in the world:
here's what the store of the future will look like (hint: not amazon)
pros and cons of selling your home to a real estate investor:
tesla outsells bmw, mercedes and lexus in america's wealthiest zip codes
the most expensive car, boat and motorcycle sold at auction
fresh from its world series win, boston eyes the 2024 olympics
how to survive in a freelancing economy
games drive the most revenue on apple's app store and google play
entrepreneurs clinic: top motivational secrets from c-suite stars
how quirky uses tech to disrupt manufacturing
these twins are controlling what you buy - with your nose
it's not too late to get your tax planning done. here are some last minute tax tips:
japanese-branded cars are increasingly made in america by americans
the herschel space telescope lifts the veil on the milky way's dusty core
houston tops the list of the best places for veterans to live
the obamacare website mess underscores the first rule of good management
gm, ford and chrysler report october sales growth despite shutdown
why jos. a. bank fights for men's wearhouse
5 big mistakes investors make - and how to avoid them
google, evernote, and rockefeller u. headline the launch of forbes' innovators event series
twenty-somethings face u.s. housing policy, delayed retirement, plus a new roommate finder:
video: the top earning dead celebrities of 2013
why it's time to give up on tax reform
is facebook really failing marketers?
we're looking for your nominations for the best websites for your money 2013
the nba should compete against the nfl by keeping young players in college
cofounder bradford shellhammer is leaving commerce site fab following the company's pivot away from flash sales
statoil energy realitiesvoice: north america's unconventional energy boom 
billionaire scorecard: larry page up, pierre omidyar down
the forbes video team is seeking an associate producer for a temporary assignment of 3-6 months. details:
commodity investors need to know the bizarre rules on how hard assets are taxed
before zuckerberg, systrom and karp, michael dell defined the myth of the american tech prodigy
aig reports a growing profit, but revenues miss
mexico's oil reforms will create opportunities and challenges for the world's richest and most powerful. here are a few:
the forbes video team is seeking a video editor for a temporary assignment for approximately 3-6 months
havens: energy boom fueling demand for ranch real estate
the 2014 porsche panamera turbo s is an impressive machine that goes against the company's key founding principles
mortgage-finance giant fannie mae is suing 9 banks over alleged libor manipulation
"@carl_c_icahn didn't know whether we made nuclear plants or french fries." - @michaeldell
nyu is taking worldwide education to the next level
5 years after the govt bailout of the auto industry, a look at how some of the saga's main characters are doing:
nfl players including frank gore and santonio holmes file a multi-million dollar lawsuit against bbandt
'ender's game' won't be the next 'hunger games'
google glass explorer gets ticketed for driving under the influence of glass
the forbes video team is seeking a full-time video editor. details here:
tech companies write congress begging for surveillance reform
why individual investors might not want to jump onto the twitter ipo 
the nba rule that may make dwyane wade's free agency more interesting than lebron's
alan alda reminisces about his star turn as hawkeye in 'm*a*s*h'
a 250-megawatt solar power plant has risen from the beautiful carrizo plain in central california
sears isn't really a retail company anymore.
the generation of startup guys who want to change the way we dispose of the dead.
the biggest bitcoin investment so far: circle raises $9 million
if electronic devices on planes are ok now, why have we been getting yelled at to turn them off for so long?
here's what the store of the future will look like (hint: not amazon)
mozilla's lightbeam uncovers the web's secret spies
tesla outsells bmw, mercedes and lexus in america's wealthiest zip codes
what would darwin think of obama's health insurance exchanges?
general motors aims to make cadillac the next big status symbol in china
india faces good economic times - just in time for the diwali holidays
why you shouldn't collect a candy tax from your kids
vocativ brings the tools of the spy world into newsroom
google took aim at the next billion users worldwide with today's introduction its flagship nexus 5 smartphone.
things to look for as budget talks begin
video: at airbnb, chef sam lippman concocts vegan-friendly menus inspired by airbnb listings and musical artists.
video: from conception to consumer, the iphone is in the hands of some powerful people.
people tend to be more honest in the morning and more dishonest in the afternoon
the most expensive car, boat and motorcycle sold at auction
video: aviation company aerion wants to build a smaller, faster, private supersonic jet.
the new $500 tweak to the flex spending "use it or lose it" rule
six ways america can step up its game in biomedical breakthroughs
why kids today aren't scared by the movie 'halloween'
sungardasvoice: want to sell disaster recovery to senior management? stop saying 'disaster'
the off-season priority for the boston red sox: jacoby ellsbury
can google glass change the music business?
booming halloween economy: americans will spend $2.8 billion on costumes this year.
she didn't make the 2013 forbes list of the world's most powerful people, but hillary clinton is still a contender.
the world's first supersonic business jet will fly in 2021
cigna is the latest insurer to cite a profit windfall
halloween 2013 by the numbers
here's what the store of the future will look like (hint: not amazon)
13 things that should really scare you this halloween
darkwallet aims to be the app of choice for anarchist bitcoin users
the liberal war on food stamps
the kindle is still the most popular device for reading ebooks
craigslist beware: roomidex is the new way for 20-year-olds to find roommates
the essence of the game: boston red sox character guys and downsizing salary to get them
northwestern mutualvoice: why giving may be the secret to getting ahead 
the fed's fears spook markets but not the dollar
where should companies draw the line in collecting information about us in their efforts to sell things?
top social security tax will rise 2.9% in 2014; benefits are going up 1.5%
will the soon-to-be-former mayor of new york city become even more powerful out of office?
how a company on its fourth pivot keeps investors from bolting:
the broad reach of broadridge, the most important financial firm you've never heard of:
google glass explorer gets ticketed for driving under the influence of glass
simon khalaf's flurry collects more data than almost anyone on earth about smartphone users
"the oil business is a global business, a geopolitical business. to compete pemex needs a tremendous restructuring."
isaac larian is worth an estimated $1.1 billion after knocking barbie down a peg
putin is the most powerful person in the world:
forget the bailout - this is the untold true story of how general motors was really saved:
this year there are 9 women on our list of the world's most powerful people - 12% of the ranking
8 people from our #powerfulpeople list hail from mainland china and india, 3 of whom are billionaires
carlos slim gives $74 million to make genomic research less ethnically-biased
the truth of what happened during gm's darkest days has never been told. until now:
these twin sisters can control what you buy by manipulating your nose:
after 125 years building work wear for the american workingman, carhartt is now an unlikely fashion icon
the world's most powerful people 2013:
lenovo, the world's biggest pc maker, aims to break into the top mobile ranks by rethinking its manufacturing
you're an old brand, charlie brown: the $80m business of peanuts needs a turnaround
how to be part of the team when you work from home:
linkedin ceo jeff weiner knows how to exploit his own network to hire smart. here are the house secrets:
he's no. 4 on the hip-hop charts and on sale in best buy. how @dopeitsdom made it without a record deal:
there are nearly 7.2 billion people on the planet. these are the 72 that matter the most:
love or hate janet yellen, you'd better get used to her because she's probably here to stay
the first time mark zuckerberg brought up privacy was to talk about how facebook messed it up
facebook admits it's seen a drop in usage among teens
the hubble space telescope caught a beautiful shot of our sun's nearest stellar neighbor, proxima centauri
overseas stocks are a stock-picker's game
inside the mad science  and glamorous life  of consumer manipulation via scent:
after 20 years of pioneering an infrastructure for robotics, steve cousins is starting a new robotics company.
isaac larian is worth an estimated $1.1 billion after knocking barbie down a peg
sapvoice: how fashion retailer burberry keeps customers coming back for more
you're an old brand, charlie brown: the $80m business of peanuts needs a turnaround
these twin sisters can control what you buy by manipulating your nose:
businesses must begin to tell their hero's journey stories, because stories drive change
$sbux beats street on fourth quarter eps, sees revenue boost due to new store openings and higher operating margins 
visa shares are down 2.2% in after hours trading due to a sharp drop in earnings
is putin really more powerful than obama?
billionaire scorecard: larry page up, pierre omidyar down
the truth of what happened during gm's darkest days has never been told. until now:
signing off the most powerful people chat. if you want to continue the conversation, follow me @carolinelhoward #askforbes
.@jarhettc you realize he's leaving office in jan. 2014, right? but he's still in top 10 of #powerpeople #askforbes
who would you put on top of world's most powerful people list?
.@hadfield_ the list is meant to get people talking, debating about power and what it means today and who's in control. #askforbes
.@inspireone_ it's a challenge, for sure, and it takes about 3 months. methodology is here
.@etulipano hillary? here's one reason why
.@bigdawg1845 the most #powerfulpeople know when to use military judgment, no matter how large the army or military spending #askforbes
.@joeypers you couldn't afford it :) #askforbes
should the government's shutdown mess have impacted obama's spot on the #powerfulpeople list? he's no. 2 this year #askforbes
.@dennybergin ha!
.@asaadhutchinson power def. involves connections but we evaluate the power list based on indiv. merits re $$, people, active use #askforbes
.@jostbrain putin is increasingly and aggressively in control of russia and the global stage. #askforbes
.@bjornulv the most powerful list is really about the person, especially in the top 10, although country counts #askforbes
hi twitter. this is @carolinelhoward and here to answer q's and fuel debate about the #powerfulpeople
talent strategies: 5 fresh trends to fuse fun and work 
wondering why putin is no.1 on our #powerfulpeople list? curious how we rank power? ask @carolinelhoward at 4pm et #askforbes
carlos slim gives $74 million to make genomic research less ethnically-biased
how to be part of the team when you work from home:
will the soon-to-be-former mayor of new york city become even more powerful out of office?
lavabit and silent circle join forces to make all email surveillance-proof:
he's no. 4 on the hip-hop charts and on sale in best buy. how @dopeitsdom made it without a record deal:
wondering why putin is no.1 on our #powerfulpeople list? curious how we rank power? ask @carolinelhoward today @ 4pm et #askforbes
simon khalaf's flurry collects more data than almost anyone on earth about smartphone users
after 125 years building work wear for the american workingman, carhartt is now an unlikely fashion icon
lenovo, the world's biggest pc maker, aims to break into the top mobile ranks by rethinking its manufacturing
twitter sued for fraud over cancelled private share sale
travel tech: insights into the latest technology for business executives.
5 years after the govt bailout of the auto industry, a look at how some of the saga's main characters are doing:
the broad reach of broadridge, the most important financial firm you've never heard of:
linkedin ceo jeff weiner knows how to exploit his own network to hire smart. here are the house secrets:
who is more powerful, putin or obama? the answer might surprise you:
the world's most powerful people 2013:
there are nearly 7.2 billion people on the planet. these are the 72 that matter the most:
priced at $75 million, singleton house is l.a.'s most expensive home for sale
investors take note: even billionaires like carl icahn take profits off the table
eyvoice: the interactive future of live sports presents new revenue streams 
introducing safesource, a new way to send forbes anonymous tips and documents:
our latest cover story: dell officially goes private: inside the nastiest tech buyout ever
this year's biggest dealmakers explain how to build value in the drug business:
"our energy policy is our military policy. surely we can do better." - @boonepickens on u.s. energy policy
irs criminal investigations dept ramps up efforts to thwart tax id thefts
"@carl_c_icahn didn't know whether we made nuclear plants or french fries." - @michaeldell
tanking, new arenas, sky-high payrolls and lebron will all be major storylines for the 2013-14 nba season
ron johnson calls reports on his j.c. penney tenure 'largely inaccurate and surprisingly uninformed'
want to anonymously send us files and tips that are too sensitive for email? use our new secure submissions system:
box office benchmark: 'gravity' crosses $200 million
if only ford could get its business firing on all cylinders
"if you doubt yourself, others will doubt you too. so believe." - supermodel-turned-entrepreneur @pnemcova 
st. louis expects to see a $23.7 million economic impact from hosting the world series
7 ways mobile will change business in 2014:
new york giants' jerry reese ranks among the worst-drafting gms
priced at $75 million, singleton house is l.a.'s most expensive home for sale
average home prices across the u.s. are back to their mid-2004 levels and roughly 20% below their june/july 2006 peak
here's what you need to know about how financial aid need affects college admission decisions:
evan spiegel is a 23 year-old stanford dropout sitting atop what could be a $3.5 billion company
the world's happiest (and saddest) countries 2013:
for 5 years running, norway has ranked as the most prosperous country in the world:
should you use your home state 529 college savings plan for a tax deduction? here is a formula to help you decide:
the first time mark zuckerberg brought up privacy was to talk about how facebook messed it up
this year's biggest dealmakers explain how to build value in the drug business:
box office benchmark: 'gravity' crosses $200 million
success with moira forbes: advice on how successful women do everything they do
7 ways mobile will change business in 2014:
a guide to obamacare penalties and exemptions:
our latest cover story: dell officially goes private: inside the nastiest tech buyout ever
kroger discovers that if you map a customer's "dna," your coupons will work:
tanking, new arenas, sky-high payrolls and lebron will all be major storylines for the 2013-14 nba season
are you better off than you were 5 years ago? is the world? new rankings from the legatum institute prosperity index:
"be prepared for the rejection. don't let it overcome you." business tips from billionaire john paul dejoria:
future of work: 5 must-have qualities of the modern manager 
"create the best product you can," and other business tips from once homeless billionaire, john paul dejoria:
evan spiegel is a 23 year-old stanford dropout sitting atop what could be a $3.5 billion company
for 5 years running, norway has ranked as the most prosperous country in the world:
for 5 years running, norway has ranked as the most prosperous country in the world:
after its earnings announcement on monday, apple shares should probably rally. here's why:
before zuckerberg, systrom and karp, michael dell defined the myth of the american tech prodigy
giving cash directly to the poor gets thumbs up from a new study
@kpoulsen thank you!
no iphone bump for september retail sales
rt @bupbin: the feds just approved dell going private. here's the exclusive on the fight behind the deal
our latest cover story: you won't have michael dell to kick around anymore
herbalife president says re-audit is on track to be completed by year end
irs criminal investigations dept ramps up efforts to thwart tax id thefts
we're looking for a wealth analyst intern in nyc. it's a paid position. details:
new models of google glass will soon go out to interested "explorers" who are using the current model
ron johnson calls reports on his j.c. penney tenure 'largely inaccurate and surprisingly uninformed'
this holiday season, target is all about the discounts, and not much else
all dog seat belts are not created equal. here are the best  and the worst:
despite glitches, obamacare is set to deliver big profits to health insurers
world view wants to take you to space using balloons instead of rockets
banks are trying to reach angry customers before they file a complaint to the cfpb
shanghai free trade zone may create a new financial hub in the city
michael kors is set to be added to sandp 500 as the stock surges 215% since ipo
herbalife president says re-audit is on track to be completed by year end
10 terms you must know before raising startup capital:
how do you round numbers? how you learned might predict how innovative you'll be

this website reads and grades the privacy policies you don't read:
5 shopping trends for the holiday season:
all dog seat belts are not created equal. here are the best  and the worst:
a guide to obamacare penalties and exemptions:
forget the golden years -- a growing number of americans say they'll be working until they die
the 9 hottest trends in hr technology
obamacare faces a 'death spiral'
not thrilled about your job? here some ways to make it more enjoyable:
if you're a fan of photography, here are 10 instagrammers whose work you should be following:
"create the best product you can," and other business tips from once homeless billionaire, john paul dejoria:
now you can give the gift of starbucks with twitter
introverts tend to lean back to stimulate and inspire others. does this make them better leaders?
can led bulbs make nuclear plants obsolete?
10 things you need to know about getting married and taxes:
"be prepared for the rejection. don't let it overcome you." business tips from billionaire john paul dejoria:
nominations are open for this year's list of america's most promising companies
tips for a stress-free first day on the job:
live: apple earnings top estimates, forecast misses, shares fall  $aapl
"false teeth flew out the window while driving down the highway" and other ridiculous excuses for calling in sick:
can the nasdaq's 2013 returns survive earnings from apple, facebook, linkedin and starbucks this week?
the dallas cowboys: the best bad team in sports
shanghai free trade zone may create a new financial hub in the city
steroids are for sale online at amazon and sears
netflix shows that you need to pay up for growth
not thrilled about your job? here some ways to make it more enjoyable:
for most investors, twitter's ipo price doesn't matter
this website reads and grades the privacy policies you don't read:
9% of u.s. cell phone owners use snapchat -- that's 26 million people
introverts tend to lean back to stimulate and inspire others. does this make them better leaders?
evan spiegel is a 23 year-old stanford dropout sitting atop what could be a $3.5 billion company
merck disappoints as patents expire, pharmaceutical sales decline
burger king beat the street thanks to a 64% decrease in operating expenses
how one millennial turned his liberal arts degree into a six-figure job:
10 terms you must know before raising startup capital:
world view wants to take you to space using balloons instead of rockets
$700m medical start-up invited patients to leave (disturbingly explicit) reviews they may not realize are public
lessons from 10-time startup failure, supercharging your business with technology and more in our entrepreneurs digest:
4 signs you are heading for burnout
campbell's ceo denise morrison shares her strategies for getting to the top
a record 168 billionaires made the 2013 forbes china rich list
steroids are for sale online at amazon and sears
which member of the beatles, living or dead, earns the most? we crunched the numbers:
the 9 hottest trends in hr technology
a wildly popular class at stanford encourages m.b.a.s to take control of a real business
the top 5 ugliest billionaire websites:
how to ace the 50 most common job interview questions:
how to turn the job you hate into the job you love:
man jailed for impersonating microsoft mogul paul allen and accessing his $97 million bank account
8 reasons startup incubators are better than business school
the world's richest restauranteur says it's not about the food
bruce lee is back -- he stars in a 90-second film for johnnie walker's walk on campaign
here's what law enforcement can recover from a seized iphone:
how do you round numbers? how you learned might predict how innovative you'll be

lou reed dies at 71 - he leaves behind a musical legacy matched by few and known by many
banks are trying to reach angry customers before they file a complaint to the cfpb
lou reed dies at 71 - he leaves behind a musical legacy matched by few and known by many
the latest from the 'jackass' gang is expected to top the box office this weekend with $32 million
google's 'project shield' will offer free cyberattack protection to hundreds of at-risk sites
how one millennial turned his liberal arts degree into a six-figure job:
the world series was once the marquee sporting event in america. those days are long gone, but baseball is healthy:
home affordability is down in all 25 of the largest metropolitan ares in the united states
this data broker masquerading as a college scholarship search engine has no qualms selling lists of gay teens:
weekend box office: 'jackass: bad grandpa' tops with $32 million
see which #forbesbillionaires are losing money or gaining money - in real-time
detroit again tops the list of the most dangerous cities, but the crime rate has dipped
the most successful leaders do these 15 things automatically every day:
how to turn the job you hate into the job you love:
u.s. carbon emissions are at their lowest point since 1994
10 terms you must know before raising startup capital:
brands are moving budgets from tv to online video
starting your own business is scary. here's a month-by-month guide to preparing for that big step:
andy warhol, george harrison and james dean just missed making our top-earning dead celebrities list this year
thanks to two cirque du soleil shows, fans can still get the michael jackson experience
how do you know when your book is finished? 5 authors answer:
fyi: if you're in public, the conversation you're having isn't a private one
u.s. carbon emissions are at their lowest point since 1994
which member of the beatles, living or dead, earns the most? we crunched the numbers:
ross ulbricht's online drug market has been closed, but a global footprint remains. take a walk down silk road:
petra kvitova, tennis' $3 million woman, focuses on results, not revenue
forbes gift guide: is a new vespa ever worth $10,000? yes, as a holiday toy.
midwestern ethanol producers challenge california global-warming regs that just happen to put them at a disadvantage
on the move: the big shift in urban planning 
industry atlas: a look at some of the hottest topics in 6 critical industries
how regulations are holding back telecommunications, according to @steveforbesceo
allegations that the nsa spied on millions of french citizens may overshadow vital talks on the future of syria
bill gates buys a 6% stake in spanish construction firm fcc
chances are you've been on one end of workplace favoritism at some point in your career. how to deal:
arrested reporter in zoomlion case admits to taking bribes and inaccurate reporting
steroids are for sale online at amazon and sears
who got rich this week: a young tech company surges to new highs
gary player is making more money this year than the $14m in pga and senior tour earnings he made over a 60-year career
these computer viruses ensure that you never see your files again
swiss bank ceo investigated in tax case told to stay in france
china rongsheng ghost town reflects shipbuilder's struggle to survive
fed's evans says open-minded to december taper, but prefers waiting
barnes and noble shares fall as sec probes restatement
apple spent over $60 million on u.s. lawyers against samsung
monte paschi's top investor may vote against cash call: sources
chicago fed president evans: 2014 is shaping up to look like a "pretty good year" for u.s. economic growth
fed official evans: u.s. inflation goal target is 2 percent - live interview
chicago fed president evans says jobs report "welcome"; open-minded on when tapering should begin - live interview
consumer sentiment jumps in dec on improved economic outlook
struggling sears to spin off lands' end as lampert seeks cash
should we care about the gender of twitter's newest board member?
insight: tech start-ups show little imagination on board gender diversity
consumer spending rises, but inflation muted
graphic: u.s. unemployment - more live coverage and analysis
struggling sears to spin off lands' end business
global house prices hit new peak, led by emerging asia
analysis: deep discounts sound warning for u.s. retail profits
aer lingus union threatens industrial action over pensions
gm may consider s.korean exports to australia after chevy shake-up - source
chevron's $6.4 bln china gas project pushed back again-sources
solid u.s. job gains expected in november, fed seen on hold
asia shares sluggish, bond yields climb into us data
la sues citi, wells fargo over discriminatory mortgage lending
fed uncertainty sends the dow, sandp 500 down for fifth day
u.s. lawmaker urges continuation of boeing f/a-18 fighter line
analysis: boeing bidders dangle goodies to win 777x jetliner
j.c. penney gets sec inquiry regarding its financial position
ex-dell employee avoids prison for help in insider trading probe
u.s. judge weighs penalties after bank of america fraud verdict
mexico watchdog weighs if america movil, televisa dominate sector
irs not fully ready for law against offshore tax evasion: watchdog
as workforce shrinks, korea struggles to embrace immigration
eu raids consumer electronics firms over antitrust concerns
securities trade group urges hardware revamp after nasdaq august halt
haunted by old pledges, airbus aims to boost a340 value
unilever streamlines products, cuts jobs to confront world slowdown
euro zone officials to meet on banking union on friday: report
chanel acquires first tannery to secure luxury bag supplies
swiss banks prepare to bow to u.s. demands, grudgingly
argentina-brazil patch up on trade, look to europe deal
venezuela to regulate car prices in war against inflation
britain to close hedge fund tax loopholes
analysis: did smarter shopping kill black friday?
lululemon says lawsuit wrongly suggests intent to sell sheer pants
deutsche bank to quit commodities trading
airbus in bid to boost a340 value as asset guarantees loom
bargain-hunting dents retailers' november sales
eni's ceo first to meet with iran oil minister
uk's osborne says vindicated by growth rebound, vows to stay on course
britain announces sharp upward revision to growth forecasts
siemens infrastructure arm tightens project criteria to lift profit
ford says november china auto sales up 47 percent year-on-year
ford launches new global mustang to buoy brand, boost margins
myanmar to allow foreign banks to begin some operations next year
gm to drop chevy brand in europe by end 2015 to focus on opel
mercedes-benz november sales reach record on e-class demand
toyota labor federation to push for higher wages: media
bleak outlook for wto deal as rifts widen over food subsidies
ubs shuffles management as asset management head fraser retires
asian shares ship water, euro awaits ecb
china mobile signs deal with apple to offer iphone: wsj
south korea mulls disciplinary action against goldman sachs' local unit: sources
pentagon focused on weapons, data fusion as f-35 nears combat use
dow, sandp 500 drop for fourth straight day; fed a concern
ex-aide says madoff workers duped investor's account postmortem
westfield to buy remaining 50 percent in world trade center for $800 million
rbs, sandp sued by european investors for $250 million crisis losses
bank of america settles municipal bond rigging lawsuit
electronic filing by taxpayers hits new high: irs
barrick says munk to step down, two other directors out
billionaire investor icahn steps up pressure on apple
wall street trade groups challenge cftc cross-border guidelines
fifth third settles sec charges over financial crisis accounting
fsi values versace at 1.1 billion euros: sources
fed says employers stepped up hiring in parts of country
barclays spinout eyeing up to $1 billion for debut fund
spain aims to close sale of nationalized ncg bank by year-end
investor campaign against telecom italia board gains traction
eu executive document says transaction tax plan legal
morgan stanley amps up lending to boost wealth margins
deere expands share buyback plan by $8 billion
hedge fund hayman capital takes stake in gm: report
diners say not biting on kfc's china revival campaign
analysis: euro zone likely to backstop banks with promises rather than cash
bank of america, citigroup faulted over mortgage servicing
india, japan eye joint tenders for cheaper lng
new home sales surge in october, supply dwindles
u.s. private sector activity bounces back in november: markit
u.s. car buyers borrow more as rates fall and standards loosen
u.s. private sector adds 215,000 jobs in november: adp
apparel retailer express warns of weak holiday quarter
tesco's problems mount as uk sales resume decline
u.s. watchdog to revive proposal to name audit partner
u.s. mortgage applications slide for fifth straight week: mba
recovery pauses in november, euro zone divergence deepens
china's free trade zone plans herald quicker fx reforms
blackberry interim boss in it for the long haul: fairfax
exclusive: eu commission to fine banks 1.7 billion euros for benchmark rigging
stanchart says 2013 income flat after h2 slowdown
china loses top spot as overseas production base for japan firms: survey
tesco's uk sales resume decline
boj's sato says no need to forestall tax hike pain with more easing
morgan stanley amps up lending to boost wealth margins
wal-mart pays lawyer fees for dozens of executives in bribery probe
china services industry growth steady in november: hsbc pmi
u.s. asks tesla for additional information on model s fires
japan regulator to sanction deutsche securities for excessive client entertainment: sources
video wades into lockheed-boeing battle over canadian jet orders
key witness faces heat in steinberg insider trading case
fed's williams: cutting rate on banks' reserves 'would make sense'
dow, sandp fall for third straight day; retail weighs
eu to hold marathon talks on new securities law
businesses win in u.s. court ruling on worker arbitration pacts
exclusive: wal-mart keeps bank of america to run $18 billion 401(k) plan
sycamore holds lead for men's wearhouse's kandg chain: sources
analysis: canada's cold shoulder to target a cautionary tale
ogx, creditors near accord to swap debt for stock: sources
convicted ex-tyco ceo kozlowski to be freed on parole
fed should give more detail on rate hike plans: williams
u.s. senator seeks information on carmaker efforts to thwart hackers
u.s. swaps regulator plans december 10 volcker rule vote
early deals dilute thanksgiving weekend sales: shoppertrak
chile central bank calls for more oversight in cross-holdings
eu regulators to fine five banks for rate rigging: source
sec chair white touts benefits of shareholder activism
blackberry says making headway with corporate, government clients
expiring jobless benefits to lower u.s. unemployment rate
global regulators expected to ease banking leverage rule: source
lawmaker tyrie critical of jp morgan fees on co-op deal
abercrombie shareholder wants ceo replaced or company sold
unitedhealth says health reform to cost up to $1 per share in 2014
finra bars two ex-jp morgan brokers for theft from elderly widow
china challenges u.s. anti-dumping measures at wto
global economies increasingly at risk: pimco's gross
chrysler's november sales rise 16 percent, top expectations
container firms order new ships to gain economies of scale
jpmorgan received $11 million fees for advising co-op on britannia
china's leaders see challenges in 2014, vow to push economic reforms
hyundai motor feels heat from japanese rivals in china
hyundai motor says u.s. vehicles sales rose 5 percent in november
munk's well-connected successor looks to fix barrick
asian shares sag as fed taper talk heats up, boj sounds easy
china's yuan surpasses euro as 2nd most-used currency in trade finance: swift
exclusive: united auto workers considers first dues hike since 1967
sac's steinberg wanted 'edgy' information, ex-analyst says
apple buys startup topsy; gets rich twitter data
technology, rules keep amazon drone delivery in hangar, for now
fake trades and a fridge used in madoff fraud: witness
apple buys social analytics startup topsy
twitter stock gets mixed reviews from ipo underwriters
3d printer boom lures new wave of japan entrepreneurs
fed does not object to new goldman, jpmorgan capital plans
u.s. chamber seeks changes to financial risk council
vale tax deal to cost 1 percent of annual revenue for 15 years
blackberry is 'here to stay', interim ceo tells customers
the twelve days of christmas will cost a true love $27,393 this year, up 7.7 percent from 2012
earlier-than-usual online deals to steal cyber monday thunder
blackstone-controlled hilton plans biggest hotel ipo
interview with @tedleonsis: seeking charities that are built to last
lagardere, daimler to be tried over eads case: prosecutor
u.s. manufacturing sector expanded in november at the fastest pace since april 2011: ism
dow chemical to exit century-old chlorine business
manufacturing growth rebounds in november to 10-month high: markit
insight: after massive economic stimulus, boj under pressure to do more
bank of america to pay $404 million to freddie mac to settle mortgage dispute
thyssen shares sink as u.s. deal fails to fix wider losses
gsk says ceo's china visit flags commitment in face of graft scandal
china southern airlines says four executives under anti-graft probe
china factory sector growth steady, other centers quicken
danone may take legal action over dairy recall-fonterra ceo
japan q3 capex rises, boj kuroda warns of overseas risks
steady china factory growth in november underlines economic resilience
asian shares edge lower, china pmi offers support
japan corporate capex up in third-quarter but gdp seen little changed
yen remains under pressure as china pmi, u.s. data eyed
cut from the same cloth: esprit tries on zara for fashion makeover
data and ecb may help set tone for investors looking ahead to 2014
esprit to staunch losses as early as next year: paper
arcelormittal says u.s. buy won't impact $15 billion debt target
freeport says worker dead at indonesian copper mine
israel's el al airlines ceo shkedy to step down
fed unlikely to redraw markers for rate hike
global recovery still too weak, south korea data shows
u.s. retail sales up at start of holiday season: shoppertrak
east african trade bloc approves monetary union deal
thyssen announces capital increase as u.s. deal sealed
illinois union leaders bash pension plan as details emerge
arcelormittal, nippon steel to buy thyssen u.s. plant for $1.55 billion
amazon germany says more worried about snow than strikes
retail, jobs data to rule stocks' next move
bank of england's carney warns house-buyers on rates: newspaper
eu-imf postpone visit to athens in dispute over reforms
analysis: u.s. sanctions make cuba's bank account too toxic for banks
saab to restart 9-3 sedan production two years after bankruptcy
goldman sachs sued in singapore penny stock saga
will u.s. thanksgiving shopping binge become black friday hangover?
monte paschi outsources back-office ops, 1,100 jobs
stock futures edge higher, on track for strong month
swiss regulator urges banks to come clean on u.s. tax offences
key bangladesh garments factory destroyed in blaze
lloyds set to appoint lord blackwell as chairman: source
jobs and price growth offer hope for euro zone
european firms size up iran's post-deal potential
london spearheads 11 percent jump in bankers earning 1 million euros
general motors appoints matt tsien as china president
amazon germany says more worried about snow than strikes
south korea to have preliminary talks on joining tpp - yonhap
japan shippers plan to order 90 new lng tankers worth $17.6 billion by 2020
insight: no quick exit from west's economic malaise
stores open early on thanksgiving but shoppers in no rush
pizza hut offers to rehire manager who refused to open on holiday
australia surprises with rejection of $2.55 billion graincorp takeover by adm
speedy hire uncovers accounting problems, ceo steps down
renault-nissan to build second engine with avtovaz
eni may seek up to $10 billion from statoil in gas dispute
dutch privacy watchdog says google in breach of data law
venezuela central bank denies transactions with wall st.
alitalia raises less than two-thirds of cash call
no gold bars but higher salaries for london bankers with bonus cap
analysis: u.s. sanctions make cuba's bank account too toxic for banks
thousands of eads workers in germany protest against restructuring
delek group third-quarter net slips 25 percent after u.s. unit loss, tax expense
thomas cook ramps up targets as overhaul yields profit leap
exclusive: ubs shrinks corporate advisory team for rich in emerging markets
german unemployment climbs to highest level since april 2011
china's reforms to hit investment trust industry hard: study
eyeing holiday sales, more u.s. retailers to open on thanksgiving
vale to pay $9.6 billion brazil tax bill after big discount
barclays capital ordered to pay $2.1 million to ny trader
exclusive: argentina's ypf says repsol deal will attract oil investment
cutbacks by resource firms to spark disputes with governments: report
exclusive: argentina's ypf says repsol deal will attract oil investment
citigroup seeks to end financier hands' u.s. lawsuit over emi
brazil's vale to pay $9.61 billion back tax bill on overseas units
analysis: whither u.s. manufacturing? bea data provides clues
rural india shows signs of economic revival but wider outlook glum
ubs clamps down on online chat use: memo
france's credit agricole to close 50 branches by 2015: paper
monte paschi top investor committed to bank relaunch, where possible
incoming time warner cable ceo could exit with $50 million-plus after deal
dubai's world expo win may fuel boom, risk bust
peugeot chief renounces $29 million pension deal after outcry
ecb supervisor promises to come clean on banks' health
generali sees scope for higher dividends as debt falls
electra private equity sets aside $100 million for staff payouts
peugeot chief renounces pension package after outcry
u.s. expands china hiring probe to morgan stanley
court approves settlement among justice dept., amr, us airways
boeing icing problems could lead to forced landings: u.s. faa
ecb says financial system stress has fallen to pre-crisis levels
cvs caremark to buy apria's infusion business for $2.1 billion
u.s. jobless claims unexpectedly fall last week
japan to spend about 1 trillion yen on public works for stimulus: sources
futures flat near record levels, hp rises early
turkcell claims damages of $4.2 billion in south africa suit against mtn
analysis: no checkouts, no chocolate: online shopping hits impulse buys
uk says last minute price hike would have risked royal mail sale
german union threatens further industrial action at eads
madame nouy set to take on europe's banks
analysis: surfing central banks in a benign 'qe trap'
tepco sees steady recurring profit over 10-year period: source
euro makes move on yen, china shares outperform
exclusive - jpmorgan tried but failed to satisfy fed on metals warehousing: letters
hewlett-packard, ceo whitman ordered to defend securities class action
auto sector adds spark to japan's electronic components industry
british engineer amec eyeing foster wheeler takeover: report
hp enterprise sales pickup stirs turnaround hopes
new york times ceo says chinese language site under review
south korea order would drive f-35 per-plane cost lower
exclusive: teck, newmont, blackstone in joint las bambas bid - sources
u.s. watchdog gives foreign banks more time on swap rules
german watchdog starts probe into gold price-fixing: report
uk's serious fraud office may launch rbs criminal probe -report
exclusive: u.s. expands china hiring probe to morgan stanley
u.s. trial ends over ecuador pollution judgment against chevron
comscore expects u.s. e-commerce holiday sales to rise 16 percent
auto sector adds spark to japan's electronic components industry
privately held cox looking at bid for time warner cable: wsj
software maker command wins $24.8 million judgment against lockheed
cme sells nymex building for $200 million, to lease trading floor
alitalia rebuffs ryanair collaboration offer
bank of ireland says may sell stock to help redeem preference shares
analysis: u.s. exchanges grapple for solutions to trading glitches
boardroom coup shakes uk shale player dart energy
icahn board memberships led to outsized returns over five years
jpmorgan, mortgages drag down third-quarter u.s. bank profits
hellman and friedman to buy applied systems for $1.8 billion
carlyle to buy funds-of-hedge-funds manager
consumer confidence falls in november
barnes and noble quarterly revenue falls 8 percent
u.s. housing permits breach 1 million mark, highest in 5-1/2 years
men's wearhouse offers to buy jos. a. bank
stock futures flat with indexes near record levels
rbs reports 'deeply troubling': bank of england's carney
exclusive: ecobank in row over anonymous email, hacking allegations
insight: a new wave of u.s. mortgage trouble threatens
hugo boss drops 2015 profit target on china slowdown
bank of cyprus grabs 2nd ex-rbs banker for turnaround
ex-goldman trader plans china, japan hedge fund: sources
apple supplier biel crystal violates workers rights: hk activists
faa to warn airlines of engine icing risk on boeing 747-8s, dreamliners
oil prices stabilize after iran deal, asian shares steady
dbs, abn amro submit final bids for socgen asia private bank: sources
bain capital looks to sell applied systems: sources
chrysler won't go ahead with ipo in 2013: fiat
citigroup can't block abu dhabi arbitration over $7.5 billion stake
wal-mart veteran mcmillon to replace duke as ceo next year
itw gets private equity bids for $3 billion-plus unit: sources
analysis: what taper? low rates for longer is key fed theme for 2014
jaguar land rover plans $437 million brazil factory: government
analysis: vw in delicate dance with german union over tennessee plant
amr seeks court approval for settlement paving way to us airways merger
exclusive: orrick, pillsbury call off big law firm merger
nasdaq's no. 2 executive to leave company: sources
analysis: men's wearhouse alterations could backfire on retailer
fisker automotive failure could hit u.s. taxpayers for years to come
handm aims to pay all textile workers "living wage" by 2018
three top blackberry executives to leave in management shake-up
chrysler won't go ahead with ipo in 2013: fiat
qualcomm says china's price regulator probing company
ex-bank austria head investigated in madoff case: prosecutors
suharto denies rolls-royce bribery allegations
europe needs new dream to revive fortunes: lamy
iran deal dents oil prices, bolsters asia shares
ecb's coeure: don't see deflation risks materialising in europe
marathon wto talks likely to leave questions open for ministers
iran deal knocks oil lower, bolsters risk appetite
taxing times for singapore as corporate strategy faces scrutiny
new u.s. derivative rules leave asia markets vulnerable
peugeot's ceo prepares to step aside for dongfeng deal: sources
rbs profited from struggling small businesses: government advisor
hoping, as usual, that next year will be better
sanofi sued in france over gardasil vaccine
hp may have yet another problem: china
israeli markets gain, investors say iran deal not a mistake
john lewis weekly store sales up 2 percent
exclusive: nonprofit that flipped homes to investors faces scrutiny
iran's rial jumps as nuclear deal fuels economy hopes
russians see no cause for alarm in crackdown on shadowy banking
daimler ceo says would 'welcome' chinese investor
boeing warns of engine icing risk on 747-8s, dreamliners
ecb can take further action if necessary: board member asmussen
indian units of pfizer and wyeth to merge
german finance minister says no more risks of contagion in euro zone
wall street can cheer going into thanksgiving day
boeing, ge notify airlines about engine icing risk on 747-8, dreamliners
ecb rates to remain low, could be cut further: coeure
sotheby's top auctioneer leaving amid investor pressure
apache talking with argentina about selling assets: sources
exclusive - tomkins explores potential $7 billion sale: sources
justice department objects to lightsquared bankruptcy exit plans
herbalife shares jump despite ackman's latest attack
analysis - why hedge funds still manage to seduce
nissan names new u.s. sales chief, one of 13 executive moves
u.s. seeks to add former wells fargo exec as fraud defendant
fed's tarullo details plans to counter bank runs
bank of america intern died of natural causes: inquest
uk treasury orders independent inquiry into co-op bank
caterpillar probed for dumping train parts into sea: wsj
brazil awards $9 billion of airport deals, prepping rio for olympics
comcast considering bid for time warner cable: cnbc
bank of america intern died of natural causes: inquest
exclusive: euro zone mulls cheap loans as incentive for economic reforms - document
novartis sweetens investors with $5 billion share buyback
caterpillar probed for dumping train parts into sea: wsj
drone maker general atomics may face layoffs: executive
wto chief hopeful of global trade reform deal within days
smart-device launches set to boost laird revenue
ecb's draghi: need european backstops for bank tests
china regulator orders more disclosure on shadow bank products
german business morale surges to highest level in 1-1/2 years
domestic-led third-quarter growth bolsters germany in showdown over trade
british police arrest former co-op bank chairman in drugs investigation
indonesia, australia spy claim tension spreads to corporate world
ubs reaches immunity deal with eu over libor: wsj
former china mobile executive gets life sentence for taking bribes
electric vs hydrogen: china is battleground for auto giants
charter comm nears funding deal for time warner cable bid: wsj
u.s. plans to exit gm stake by year-end, may lose $10 billion
dow ends above 16,000 for first time, boosted by data
settlement talks between madoff trustee, investor collapse: wsj
judge leaves ogx foreign units out of bankruptcy protection
approval of $8.5 billion bofa settlement in judge's hands
exclusive: party city preparing for early 2014 ipo: sources
loeb reveals $1 billion-plus stake in japan's softbank
exclusive: jpmorgan's legal troubles weigh on employee pay: sources
aimco's head says blackberry proposals lacked a turnaround plan
analysis: markets finally absorb fed's two-track message
tesla's top sales executive departs
judge partially accepts ogx bankruptcy protection filing: lawyer
magellan ceo sees lots of demand for u.s. gulf coast condensate splitters
u.s. takes action in two auto parts price-fixing cases
honeywell ceo urges sharply lower u.s. corporate tax rate
ex-merrill broker suspended, fined for anti-money laundering violations
dismissal of woori lawsuit against merrill upheld by u.s. court
sec charges ex-marvell worker in galleon insider-trade scheme
reuters has a new blog, equals, about women and economics/finance/management/education! check it out:
gulf buyers eye future purchases of lockheed's f-35 jet
omnicom and publicis say merger to close by mid-2014 at latest
vivendi has 'significant' means to reward shareholders: cfo
exclusive: jpmorgan plans to keep pay roughly flat from last year - sources
ford pours $150 million in buffalo stamping plant, adds 350 jobs
all the official attention about bitcoin could flip its investor base, writes @indiviglio
u.s. says china's exemption demands jeopardize wto technology deal
gulf buyers eye future purchases of lockheed's f-35 jet
hologic adopts poison pill after icahn reports stake
hologic adopts poison pill after icahn reports stake
yellen clears key senate hurdle to become next fed chair
retail results and stocks to watch for thursday
bofa says it should owe zero penalty in 'hustle' fraud case
u.s. treasury says plans to exit gm stake by year end
producer prices fall for second month
u.s. jobless claims fall, hint at firming labor market
l'oreal says travel retail boom creates 'sixth continent'
germany's eads workers to stage walk-out on november 28
tesla gets top marks in consumer reports satisfaction survey
bangladesh approves wage hike for garment factory workers
dubai air show closed due to rain, local flooding
credit suisse sets up swiss subsidiary as crisis lifeboat
bank trading rule under fire, fed says could delay
u.s. rejects fairholme's proposal to recapitalize fannie, freddie
house panel passes bill targeting 'patent trolls'
boj stands pat on policy, keeps rosy economic view intact
honda unveils nameless car, says fuel cell drive to take time
toyota sees u.s. industry growth slowing by half in 2014
ford betting iconic mustang will lure overseas buyers
goldman sachs burned by bad currency bets in third quarter
sac's steinberg sought 'illegal edge,' prosecutor tells jurors
bankrupt rescap did not put value on intercompany claims: exec
mexico pemex ceo criticizes repsol chairman's pay
yellen says fed will weigh compliance extension for volcker rule
hungary's competition watchdog fines banks for cartel
peugeot, renault to end production alliance in france
french government to sue e.leclerc over supplier relations
foreign investors eye airports as indonesia rolls out welcome mat
tribune to cut 700 jobs at its newspaper division
bmw says has orders for nearly 10,000 of its electric i3 cars
lockheed sees more clarity on saudi naval buy in next months
u.s. regulator fines cash america over debt collection
vw wants german-style labor model at u.s. plant, but workers must vote
fed officials felt taper may happen at next few meetings: minutes
mexico pemex ceo criticizes repsol chairman's earnings
eu orders france to recover state aid from ferry operator
marlboro maker philip morris to enter e-cigarette business in 2014
royal mail bankers reject claims sale price was too low
analysis: u.s. retailers brace for margin hit from holiday discounts
trade war 'unavoidable' if eu airline emissions plan blocked: lawmaker
fed's bernanke scores 8/10 from economists on his way out
existing home sales edge down, inventory flat
devon to buy geosouthern eagle ford assets for $6 billion
j.c. penney sees holiday quarter comparable sales improving
retail sales beat forecasts, point to firming growth
deloitte granted leave to appeal record mg rover fine
hundreds of chinese workers protest after microsoft nokia deal
britain's cameron says questions must be answered over co-op's flowers
staples quarterly sales fall 4 percent
nissan unfazed by ev delays, dismisses rivals' fuel cell targets
deutsche bank appeals against libor unfair dismissal case
solid spain recovery will smooth budget road - minister
mazda's new mexico plant a key foreign base, to start jan
china reforms will help ease local government debt burdens: official
china central bank suggests faster tempo for freeing yuan
general motors banking on the colorado to be player in mid-sized trucks
japan economy gets fresh impetus as exports log biggest rise in three years
nissan to lift u.s. output of leaf electric car as demand climbs
dollar pressured, shares supported by bernanke comments
dow, sandp retreat for second day; best buy weighs
roark capital group to buy cke restaurants from apollo
bernanke: fed committed to easy policy for as long as needed
analysis: u.s. retailers brace for margin hit from holiday discounts
brazil's bndes refuses to extend loan to osx
bernanke: fed committed to easy policy for as long as needed
trader gets 30 months in prison for $1 billion apple stock scheme
jandj unit to pay $2.5 billion in u.s. hip implant settlement
rescap presents creditor payout plan to judge, criticizes bondholders
u.s. navy committed to f-35 despite talks about more f/a-18 buys
u.s. lawyer denies bribery at trial in chevron-ecuador case
diageo to launch new bourbons, doesn't need beam inc
analysis: some funds lift cash levels as u.s. stocks' reversal feared
jpmorgan says 'mea culpa' in $13 billion settlement with u.s.
venezuela fines general motors over spare parts' prices
cme group digs in on fee increases as brokers protest
ny attorney general says settlement requires jpmorgan to pay $9 billion and provide $4 billion in consumer relief
jpmorgan to pay $13 billion to settle government investigation in largest settlement with single entity in u.s. history: doj
monte paschi's top shareholder would not welcome january capital hike
jury selection begins in sac capital's steinberg criminal trial
microsoft's gates says 'pleased with progress' of ceo search
exclusive: barclays weighs index unit sale after msci approach - sources
thyssenkrupp pays deutsche bahn damages over cartel: paper
fed's yellen: policy to stay easy after threshold crossed
in retrial, apple and samsung make final pitches to jury
eu takes step towards launching drone program
barclays names new head of americas sponsors group -memo
iraq strives to return to big oil output growth
mexico's slim not looking at repsol stake - spokesman
norway needs to wean economy off oil: finance minister
short-seller chanos bearish on oil companies
as a u.s. default threatened, banks set up war rooms, spending millions of dollars on contingency planning
nokia shareholders set to approve microsoft deal
jpmorgan $13 billion mortgage deal expected tuesday
u.s. labor costs point to still-benign inflation
icahn warns stock market could face 'big drop'
lithuania will meet deficit target for euro entry: finmin
imf sees stable 6.5 pct growth for sri lanka this year, 2014
china central bank vows faster fx reform; ipo hopes tempered
tepco to seek $2 billion in private-placement bonds from lenders: sources
oecd sees emerging markets holding back global recovery
samsung elec says gear smartwatch sales hit 800,000 in two months
greek current account surplus widens in september
jpmorgan withdraws from $2 billion china everbright bank hk listing: wsj
analysis: forced lending to china smes may risk more harm than good
airbus considers a320 production increase
dsm to create new pharma services firm with jll in $2.6 billion deal
icahn warns stock market could face 'big drop'
fragile european auto rebound rewards new models
insight: as u.s. default threatened, banks took extraordinary steps
exxon to sell hong kong power operations for $3.4 billion
spain's cepsa to buy coastal energy in deal worth $2.2 billion
del monte fresh produce agrees to compensate thai workers: commission
china plans national accounting system overhaul: stats official
u.s. attorney grilled over role in chevron-ecuador judgment
u.s. labor board may issue complaint against wal-mart on strikes
union infighting may complicate washington state effort to win 777 work
insider trading conviction of galleon's rajaratnam stands
union infighting may complicate washington state effort to win 777 work
greece's eurobank says more than 10 percent of staff take voluntary redundancy
jpmorgan and government set terms for $4 billion piece of $13 billion deal: wsj
insight: work ethic, comic hero make koreans hot shots in car design
madoff victims, including indirect investors, may soon get another $2.35 billion
icahn cautious on stocks, will not walk away from apple
.@carl_c_icahn tells @reuters_summits he's "very cautious" on stocks, won't walk away from apple
google to pay $17 million to settle states' safari probe
analysis: as market bubbles form, investors may want to take cover
ecb's stress test threshold not expected above 8 percent: official
portugal sets price range in postal privatization
alitalia to cut 2,500-2,600 staff: union sources
goldman to resume talks on sale of metals warehouse unit: source
goldman to resume talks on sale of metals warehouse unit: source
fed's message of no rate hike until 2015 is sinking in: study
audi's advance risks stalling without new technology drive
u.s. appeals court revives apple bid for injunction versus samsung
analysis: in china's smartphone boom, market share trumps margins
bmw launches fuel-efficient, 'still cheeky', new mini
fairfax agrees to acquire majority stake in the keg
russian potash saga brings new owner into uralkali
washington post co to change name to graham holdings co
futures tick up as fed remains focus; resistance looms
google, microsoft tighten online searches to combat child porn
after huge plane orders, airbus and boeing sign gulf supplies deals
letta says confident italy can reduce deficit in 2014
spain's bad loans ratio rises to 12.7 percent in sept
new libyan airline orders seven airbus jets
rbs says in talks over sale of equity derivatives unit
airbus signs parts deal with abu dhabi fund
lloyds sell swip to aberdeen for 660 million pounds
u.s. fed's rosengren says bank lending is robust
sac capital's steinberg faces insider trading trial
wal-mart finds safety issues at bangladesh factories
markets reward china's reform ambition, await follow-up
ana replaces 787 battery charger after fault warning
investors add $34.1 billion to equity mutual funds in last four weeks
lightsquared lodges claims against ergen, dish
global economy: evaporating inflation, elusive growth
the prosecutors with sac capital in their crosshairs
forget data and rhetoric, fed liquidity's the only show in town
swiss banks urged to come forward or risk u.s. prosecution
long wary, uk pub chains take chance at last on ireland
what yellen didn't tell congress and why it matters
yellen signals new emphasis on fed policing role
judge rejects house arrest bid by jailed ex-ubs banker: source
apple buys israel's primesense for $345 million: report
emirates orders 50 more airbus a380
abu dhabi etihad places mega $25.2 billion boeing order
sand storm heralds dubai airshow order spree
dubai's emirates to order a380s at dubai airshow: chairman
dubai airshow to open with gulf spending spree
siemens chairman plans to stay until 2018: magazine
turkish move on china missile deal not final: official
russia's vtb agrees to join mechel restructuring: source
japan's tepco to shed more than 1,000 jobs: sources
former u.s. treasury secretary geithner to join private equity firm": wsj
unitedhealth drops thousands of doctors from insurance plans: wsj
exclusive - union leader: boeing eyes fast 777x output due to fears of airbus jet
jpmorgan chase to pay $4.5 billion in mortgage security deal
exclusive - union leader: boeing eyes fast 777x output due to fears of airbus jet
caterpillar to close another mining equipment plant
wall street week ahead: as fed taper debate goes on, retail vies for attention
yellen signals new emphasis on fed policing role
senate inches toward fannie, freddie reform but deal elusive
ge plans credit card unit spinoff to shrink finance arm
hyundai to launch new sonata, genesis models in u.s. in 2014
judge rules against rescap noteholders, knocks legal tactics
white house expresses confidence in yellen fed nomination
u.s. justices agree to hear halliburton securities class action
ackman's pershing square reports big stakes in freddie, fannie
barclays europe retail aims for 500 million pounds profit after revamp
twitter dominates action in busy u.s. options market
twitter dominates action in busy u.s. options market
gm recalls 15,000 malibu sedans for fire threat
new american airlines to trade under symbol 'aal' on nasdaq
u.s. wholesale inventories rise in line with forecasts
september us wholesale inventories reinforce view that much of q3 growth came from restocking
u.s. industrial output falls on utilities, mining
u.s. export prices fall in sign global economy doing poorly
stock futures up ahead of data; dow, sandp set for new highs
banks to repay 3.6 billion euros of crisis loans: ecb
bill gates wants norway's $800 billion fund to spend more in africa, asia
vw group sales up 3.8 percent in october on north america, china
leaked document spurs china reform hopes, lifts market
s. korean steelmaker posco ceo resigns
france sold 4.7 percent of defense group safran: finance minister
russia's aeroflot rules out buying, or aiding, alitalia
big retailer is watching you: stores seek to match online savvy
big retailer is watching you: stores seek to match online savvy
hedge funds tune into pandora, discard apple in third-quarter
icahn owned 3.9 million shares of apple as of september 30: filing
buffett's berkshire buys sizable new exxon mobil stake
insight: boeing vote brings out rivals for lucrative jetliner work
comcast to sell digital movies through cable boxes, website
sotheby's, bofa, j.c. penney attract hedge fund buyers
yellen gets gentle questioning, even from fed's republican critics
exclusive - comcast to sell movies for download, streaming: sources
germany challenges use of euro zone cash to repair banks
last witness testifies against $8.5 billion bofa settlement
banks may lose perk as fed mulls cutting rate on excess cash
red kite in rare winning streak for physical commodity fund
cost to borrow twitter shares drops, interest wanes
jana and farallon shopped at j.c. penney in third quarter
vranos' ellington buys sotheby's shares; hedge funds buy j.c. penney
embattled lululemon founder makes for a tough fit with investors, shares slide
lockheed martin to cut 4,000 jobs as u.s. defense spending falls
yellen says fed looking at possible commodities, bank rules
barclays to cut 1,700 branch network jobs, unite union says
u.s. fcc eases foreign investment limit for broadcast stations
mcdonald's to spend up to $3 billion on new restaurants, remodeling
vw hit by 2.6 million vehicle recall focused on china
after accidents, u.s. railroads seek tougher tank car standards
analysis: union rejection sends boeing in search of new 777x site
fed's yellen says weak demand for good and services in the u.s. is a major drag on the overall economy - live blog
wall street watchdog puts up fight in calif. broker cases
insight: profit bonanza eludes companies chasing obesity business
liechtenstein to end bank secrecy
lockheed to cut 4,000 jobs as u.s. spending wanes
u.s. trade gap widens as imports approach one-year high
wal-mart u.s. quarterly comparable sales decline
viacom posts higher fourth-quarter revenue on advertising gains
volkswagen grapples with 1.7 million global recall focused on china
rwe can't rule out further job cuts after 2016
greece must step up effort to find 2014 budget gap financing: eurogroup head
america movil sees no hostile t.austria move: report
french recovery fizzles, german growth slows
french economy contracts 0.1 percent in setback for hollande
rwe slashes jobs, costs to escape industry turmoil
india headline inflation accelerates to eight-month high in october
u.s. probe of jpmorgan hiring in china involves ex-premier's daughter: nytimes
obama to tout u.s. economic recovery in ohio steel mill visit
asian stocks bounce as yellen flags fed support for economy
cisco warns us spying fallout hitting revenue in china
not so happy birthday: abenomics ages, challenges remain
rio tinto seeks u.s. approval for arizona copper mine
japan third quarter gdp slows, consumption expected to pick up again
doubleline's gundlach says u.s. equities 'only game in town'
alitalia approves new business plan, air france-klm unconvinced
us airways-american airlines deal may mean higher prices: experts
doubleline's gundlach says u.s. equities 'only game in town'
alitalia extends cap hike deadline to november 27
steinberg loses bid to delay trial over sac guilty plea
steinberg loses bid to delay trial over sac guilty plea
yellen says fed has 'more work to do'
chinese state media kick into high gear to ease gmo food fears
abenomics at one year: growth to slow as challenges mount
bank union to free 7 billion euros of capital for unicredit from hvb: ft
air berlin seeks ways to get close to 2013 consensus
german union's incoming boss warns vw about avoiding unions
three pandg leaders to leave in moves company says showcases 'bench'
analysis: entrenched populism to slow argentine reforms, even after fernandez
short sellers test the water on twitter
regulator looks into telecom italia bond, argentina stake sale
$100 billion boeing order bonanza to dominate dubai show
ecuador high court upholds verdict against chevron, halves fine
goldman sachs names 280 managing directors as of january 1
former top regulator sants resigns from barclays due to stress
eu duty-free jet fuel sets new battle for world refiners
google gives first testimony before congress since snowden leaks
angry birds' rovio in no rush for stock exchange listing, executive says
nokia's networks chief embarks on new expansion drive
former top regulator sants resigns from barclays due to stress
macy's sales rise more than expected; shares jump
ecb briefs heads of top euro zone banks ahead of stress tests
natixis parent bpce eyes profit above 4 billion euros by 2017
analysis: contractors squeezed as oil budgets tighten
icap says no reason to believe its brokers linked to forex probes
rosneft beats rivals to grab enel's $1.8 billion severenergia stake
russian growth seen at 1.5-1.6 percent this year - minister
china october fiscal revenues up 16.2 percent year on year
flybe's majority shareholder sells entire stake
samsung aims to double its smartphone sales in africa in 2014
japan machinery orders fall, boj warns of overseas risks
analysis: deflation threat in europe may prompt investment rethink
asian shares, emerging currencies tumble on fed jitters
granted 'decisive' role, chinese markets decide to slide
france concerned over paris finance hub after ice-nyse merger
analysis: as alabama derailment flames fade, new oil-by-rail questions arise
exclusive: patton boggs details merger talks with locke lord to partners
wall street dips after two-day rise; eyes on fed's taper timing
boeing digs deeper in south carolina as union faces 777x vote
us airways, american to merge after settling antitrust suit
office depot names delhaize executive roland smith to top job
tesla ceo says no recall for model s electric car after fires
arbitrator says starbucks must pay kraft in grocery fight
two fed officials say aggressive policy action still needed
ex-hedge fund exec wins sec leniency for helping thwart fraud
u.s. banks may get power to challenge money laundering exams
some u.s. brokers still need buffers against trading errors: regulators
mexico becoming nissan's export hub for americas: ceo
exclusive: cisco rival arista networks picks banks for ipo - sources
analysis: wall street sees social-impact bonds as way to do good and do well
swiss prosecutors probe former ubs banker turned u.s. informant
emerging economies to suffer more from u.s. taper: world bank's kim
men's wearhouse will explore strategic options, activist says
third point's loeb owns fedex stock, bullish on japan: cnbc
mitsubishi proposes to build 777x wings in japan: source
some georgia farmers fume over new vidalia onion shipping rules
rbs must tackle capital issues before share sale: ukfi
eu seeks to increase influence on global accounting rules
carlsberg grabs heinz veteran to cash in on asian thirst
apple's ipad mini with retina display to go on sale from tuesday
u.s. exchanges agree on general plan to address nasdaq trade halt
analysis: london, dubai, kuala lumpur in three-way fight for islamic finance crown
rbs must tackle capital issues before share sale: ukfi
sandp 500 index futures edge lower; fed speakers in focus
d.r. horton orders fall two percent as housing demand slows
alitalia to seek asian partner if air france-klm backs out
vw brand sales rise despite 'ongoing uncertainty' in markets
carige seen heading towards cash call after writedowns
ukfi says resisted government attempt to cut rbs, lloyds pay
china pledges 'decisive' role for markets in reform push
carlsberg appoints heinz veteran to head asia region
osram sees big rise in net income for new fiscal year
rosneft discloses new $6 billion oil supply deals with bp
bofa, freddie mac in talks to settle mortgage dispute: wsj
analysis: boeing, washington machinists may find compromise on 777x
boeing hopeful of 777x union deal, but may build wings in japan if rejected
news corp revenue slumps in first standalone quarter
u.s. authorities probing new york sec staff investments: wsj
analysis: u.s. retailers tread tight path in shortened holiday race
baker hughes stops work in iraq after security incident
morgan stanley says internet companies overvalued, lowers view
analysis: u.s. retailers tread tight path in shortened holiday race
virgin enters fray to oppose us airways-american deal
news corp reports lower revenue on decline in ad sales
china to unveil 10-year reform plan, expectations toned down
osx becomes second batista company to file for bankruptcy: source
alitalia management reviews industrial plan: unicredit
icahn spoke again with apple's cook on stock buyback: cnbc
disney reorganizes interactive unit
moody's, sandp and fitch sued over failed bear stearns funds
rosneft agrees to ship oil to china via kazakhstan
banks consider ban on chat rooms after rigging probe: sources
twitter shares found suitable for islamic investment
uk retailers barratts, blockbuster go into administration
bskyb pays heavy price for champions league loss
flybe plans to cut 500 more jobs after swinging to profit
etihad in talks over potential airbus jet order: sources
hyundai motor randd president resigns over quality problems
shire to pay $4.2 billion for rare disease firm viropharma
japan's nissan brings luxury infiniti badge home
novartis sells blood transfusion test unit to grifols for $1.7 billion
loeb's third point holds 1.64 percent sony stake under its own name-filing
analysis: as alabama flames fade, new oil-by-rail questions arise
jandj pulled products from
facebook director andreessen's firm sells a third of its shares
asian shares bounce from four-week low, dollar up on u.s. jobs surprise
rbs agrees 1,080 mortgages through uk's 'help to buy' scheme
asian shares climb from four-week low, dollar up after u.s. jobs surprise
deutsche telekom buys gts central europe for 546 million euros
apple working on curved iphone screens, enhanced sensors: report
uk's co-operative to scrap half-year dividend payouts
france to borrow 4.5 billion euros by end-2013 to pay credit lyonnais debts
washington state lawmakers pass tax breaks, aiming to win boeing work
washington state senate passes tax breaks, aiming to win boeing work
air india dreamliners to get software upgrade starting dec
deutsche bank ceo says new rules crimp ability to provide loans
twitter ipo sparks speculation on who could follow
analysis: twitter gives nyse momentum in ipo battle versus nasdaq
ecb can cut rates further, offer liquidity: coeure
hon hai mulls arizona investment, says not connected to apple
hyundai, union stuck in a marriage of inconvenience
sac capital pleads guilty in criminal court
bernanke, other policymakers point to weakness in labor market
barrick gold signals founder peter munk to step down
boeing to break ground next week on south carolina facility
lululemon says its yoga pants not meant for thick thighs
nyse's takeover by ice to close on november 13
sac capital pleads guilty in criminal court
bernanke: need credible resolution authority for big banks
bank of america seeks to dismiss u.s. mortgage bond lawsuits
exclusive: blackberry board rejected proposals to break up company - sources
judge rules adviser harmed morgan stanley by changing records
exclusive: hot tech start-up box picks banks for '14 ipo - sources
senate to grill watchdogs on wall street commodity bets
senate to grill watchdogs on wall street commodity bets
huntington ingalls cutting costs of u.s. aircraft carriers
in sac case, one chain of insider tips reached a dead end before cohen
chevron files suit against polish anti-shale gas protesters
berlin prosecutors investigating daimler in merkel aide probe
u.s. consumer sentiment unexpectedly falls in november
new puma ceo seeks to return company to sporting roots
u.s. consumer spending tepid as households boost savings
us gained 204k jobs in october. analysis of the bls data live:
mcdonald's october same-restaurant sales miss estimates
u.s. safety regulators open probe of vw suvs for lighting issue
tata motors posts first profit gain in a year on jaguar land rover sales
uk judge says libor is relevant to barclays, deutsche bank court cases
jpmorgan "whale" supervisor's extradition hearing postponed
richemont rules out divestments as growth picks up
audi says october sales up 6.7 percent on compact car demand
dupont, with deere and co, to roll out precision farming program
boeing says all options open on 777x labor contract
sandp lowers france credit rating to aa from aa+
u.s. jobs market seen taking a hit from government shutdown
twitter's goal in ipo: to avoid becoming facebook
coca-cola says to invest over $4 billion in china in 2015-2017
china extends graft probe into shipping industry
top investment banker at bofa nominated for commerce dept job
twitter shares soar in frenzied nyse debut
washington state takes steps to nail down boeing 777x contract
groupon profit beats estimates on north american growth
disney beats street on higher theme park spending, toy sales
two tied to online drug market plead guilty to u.s. drug charges
danaher, blackstone pursue joint bid for jandj unit: sources
federal judge orders fourth-largest u.s. tax prep business closed
exclusive: bank of america moves its $19 billion 401(k) plan in-house
disney profit gains on theme parks, toys
u.s. lawmakers hear plea for protection against 'patent trolls'
analysis: leapfrog may still bounce despite holiday sales warning
u.s. consumer credit up, credit card use falls again
senate banking panel to hold yellen hearing on november 14
taxpayers close to breaking even on fannie mae, freddie mac bailout
jpmorgan energy exec at center of power-market flap retires
rbs unit to pay $150 million to settle u.s. sec charges
airbus sells 153 planes in october
consolidated volume on twitter shares hit 5 million after 30 minutes of trading
new fcc regulator affirms support for competition
twitter shares hit $50 - live stock chart and investor reactions
twitter shares open at $45.10 in nyse debut, above ipo price of $26 per share - watch the live stock chart
twitter shares indicated to open between $45 and $46 - live coverage at nyse
photo of @dickc interviewing on thursday - live coverage of @twitter at nyse
$twtr shares indicated to open between $45 and $47 - live video as we await opening of trading
shares indicated to open between $43 and $47 for $twtr - live video as we await the opening of trading
cia paying atandt to provide call records - ny times
reuters olivia oran reports hearing $45, $46 for $twtr - live video as we await the opening of trading
reuters olivia oran reports hearing $44, $45 for $twtr - live video as we await the opening of trading
happening now: twitter shares indicated to open between $42 and $46 following ipo pricing at $26
tesla reports third fire involving model s electric car
watch: @twitter indicated to open between $40 and $44 
watch: live at the twitter ipo
reuters live video of $twtr's ipo will include nyse opening bell plus stock chart and investor analysis in one
ten institutional investors got 50 percent of twitter shares allocated in ipo: sources
twitter ipo 30 times oversubscribed: sources - live blog
u.s. futures trim gains after data shows economy grew faster than expected in q3, initial claims for state unemployment benefits fell
u.s. retailers' october sales rise, but holiday concerns remain
wendy's sales miss estimates, shares fall
stock futures dip ahead of gdp, claims data; twitter to debut
bank of england sits tight on policy as recovery builds
france's bnp joins battle for rabobank's polish arm
ireland says successfully completes final bailout review
washington state lawmakers to weigh spurs for 777x production
china to keep growth steady, push reforms: premier
uk regulator urges banks to speed up "swaps" compensation
global food prices rise 1.3 percent in october: fao
ireland heads for end of bailout in final review
munich re plans 1 billion euro buy-back after profit slump
russia to grow by annual average of 2.5 percent until 2030: economy minister
aviva new business boosted by france, emerging markets
arcelormittal says has passed bottom of cycle
insight: lord of the rins? vitol's ethanol credit bonanza
siemens sees profit growth speeding up this year
china's lenovo second quarter net profit rises 36 percent, beats forecasts
exxon faces $2.7 million fine for arkansas pipeline spill
asia stocks subdued, euro rebounds to 1-week high ahead of ecb
wall street bonuses to rise 5 to 10 percent this year: consultant
qualcomm curbs spending as revenue forecast disappoints
twitter prices above range at $26 in highly anticipated ipo
twitter inc prices shares at $26: source
chesapeake energy received michigan subpoena: filing
qualcomm curbs spending as revenue guidance disappoints
telecom italia rebel investor calls for brazil partnership: sources
exclusive: chemtrade in talks for $1 billion general chemical deal - sources
senators urge end to u.s. corporate stock-option tax break
t. rowe, morgan stanley funds sitting on whopper twitter gains
green mountain to buy more coffee despite fungal attack
senators seek to kill tax break for corporate settlement costs
analysis: park's promise of second south korea miracle risks ringing hollow
rbc starts with outperform rating for twitter; target price $33
gm's new customer-service guru faces big task
aig settles with former executive before $274 million pay trial
socgen plans 375 job cuts across europe: union
dish network to close all blockbuster stores, lay off 2,800
twitter likely to price above expected $25 range: sources
nymex traders allege big firms manipulated brent oil prices
socgen plans 375 job cuts in france, europe: union
microsoft shares hit highest since 2000 with ceo search in view
gm expands online shopping for cars across u.s. dealer network
goldman sachs legal-loss reserves may be $4 billion short: cfo
exclusive: qatari sovereign fund invests in blackberry debt offer - source
federal judge will approve sac's forfeiture deal with prosecutors: hearing
lawmakers encouraged co-op to buy lloyds branches: ex-chairman
time warner ceo says spin-off of time, inc. publishing unit to likely occur in the second quarter of 2014 #breaking
exclusive: eu antitrust chief to levy record fines on libor banks - industry source
bae systems cuts jobs and ends portsmouth shipbuilding
ralph lauren sees sales gains in holiday quarter, raises dividend
german prosecutors widen inquiry into deutsche bank
airasia co-founders to take more control of budget carrier to cut costs
commerzbank says management board to shrink to 7 members by 2014
time warner's third-quarter profit rises on cable networks
exclusive: turkey, iraqi kurdistan clinch major energy pipeline deals
lloyds bank starts internal forex trading review
bae to end shipbuilding at portsmouth, may cut 1,775 jobs
mercedes-benz oct sales rise 15.3 percent to reach new record
euro zone sept retail sales fall more than expected
rwe to cut 2,500 jobs in german power generation: source
starbucks wants to recruit 10,000 vets, spouses to its ranks
analysis: cracks start to show in frontier markets
italy services sector grows slower in october, 2nd month of expansion: pmi
german private sector expands for sixth month running in october: pmi
euro zone business recovery loses some momentum in october: pmis
french private sector activity keeps growing in october as hiring picks up: pmi
the uncomfortable truth in china's property market
toyota closes in on record profit with healthy u.s. sales
alstom to shed 1,300 jobs in cost-cutting drive
anglogold says namibia sale in works, to cut 430 jobs in ghana
mitsubishi motors sets ambitious goals as revival campaign enters final lap
china's oct commodities imports to rise on year on better economy
ford says october china auto sales up 55 percent year-on-year
tokyo electric aims for july restart of nuclear plant: media
acer shares tumble by daily limit after ceo resigns, job cuts
prosecutors may seek to fine deutsche bank in kirch dispute: company
exclusive: microsoft narrows ceo shortlist; mulally, elop make the cut
mf global commodity trader customers to get all their money back
uk businessman accused of corrupt bahrain payments
office depot, officemax close deal
analysis: u.s. stocks tied to optional consumer spending look expensive
21st century fox revenue rises after news corp split
investors eye samsung's cash pile at rare strategy briefing
former deutsche bank unit in $12 million deal to resolve bias claims
stock options may save tech companies billions in u.s. taxes: report
advantage to file for bankruptcy as hertz cuts car supply
ford shuffles executive team to prepare for post-mulally era
batista's osx thrown lifeline as caixa, santander refinance loan: sources
derivatives industry under the gun to amend contracts
gm names ex-bmw, luxury goods executive to head cadillac marketing
early twitter investors double down on consumer web start-ups
barclays cuts 450 uk jobs at private bank and call center
gm names ex-bmw, luxury goods executive to head cadillac marketing
ford shuffles executive team, names new design chief
sac capital's plea hearing set for friday
new probe casts shadow over deutsche bank revamp
u.s. service sector growth quickens in october: ism
lawsuit vs freddie mac rejected by u.s. appeals court
bmw profits held back by investment in new models
ice ceo says he hopes nyse transaction will close within days
exclusive: eu to fine rbs, deutsche, jp morgan and three others in euribor case
european insurers braced for storm damage after rsa warning
canadian software maker open text to buy cloud company for $1.17 billion
advertising sales drive aol's revenue growth
endo health to buy canadian peer paladin labs for $1.6 billion
ukraine signs $10 billion shale deal with chevron
euro zone economy turns corner, but growth, inflation subdued: eu executive
spain's oct jobless rises as tourist season ends
china exports seen rebounding, inflation rising in oct
zimbabwe economy to grow 6.1 percent in 2014: state media
bmw autos division profit falls on tech costs, europe
won't hesitate adjusting monetary policy if needed: kuroda
after bailout, ireland goes back to building houses
vivendi says reaches deal to maroc telecom stake
asian shares struggle under china tightening fears
blackberry calls off sale, spurring doubts and stock plunge
china services industry growth picks up in october - hsbc pmi
jeff bezos's wife and amazon slam new book about company
u.s. to put sac hedge fund out of business over insider trading
after bondholders, osx, schlumberger, ensco top ogx creditor list
wall street edges up in choppy trade; blackberry slumps
gm executive defends company on facebook, then closes account
balance sheet lets fed be patient on when to reduce qe: rosengren
analysis: asia's post-september market rally runs out of gas
pimco total return loses title as world's largest mutual fund
twitter ups the price range for ipo, looks to raise up to $1.75 billion
prosecutors say deutsche bank's fitschen a suspect in kirch trial
boeing seen in advanced talks to make 777x near seattle
fed in no rush to cut bond buys, top policymakers say
suntrust to add corporate banking sites in three major u.s. cities
italy eyes 'google tax' to help fix public finances
u.s. justice dept hopes to settle american, us airways fight
ackman's fund roars back in october, now up 8.5 percent for year
sac to plead guilty in insider trading case
johnson and johnson said to pay $2.2 billion to end u.s. marketing probes
twitter to close ipo books on tuesday at 12pm, a day early, on strong demand: sources #breaking
u.s. business spending plans slumped sharply as debt fight heated up
review of zurich finance chief's suicide clears ackermann
the deal reached between sac capital advisors and u.s. prosecutors to be announced at 1pm: prosecutors
twitter boost ipo range to $23 to $25 per share
sac capital advisors reaches plea deal with u.s. prosecutors, includes payment of more than 1 bln and guilty plea by firm: sources #breaking
carlyle group names kewsong lee deputy chief investment officer
kellogg to cut 7 percent of workforce by 2017, profit rises 3 percent
uk's co-operative details bank rescue plan
stock futures rise after four-week run; factory orders due
sac capital, u.s. to announce $1.2 billion settlement on monday: media
uk fraud watchdog to investigate serco, g4s contracts
japan's fukushima operator mulls overhaul to counter break-up plans
tri pointe homes to buy weyerhaeuser unit in $2.7 billion deal
google lifts post-nokia hopes with finnish data center investment
french carmakers gain ground in recovering home market
german october new car sales up about two percent: source
gsk's chinese executives, but not company, likely to face charges in china: sources
euro zone factory pmi points to broad-based economic recovery
spain's manufacturing sector expands for third straight month in october: pmi
air france denies asking for 5,000 jobs cuts at alitalia
alcatel-lucent launches 955 million euro capital increase
analysis: rewards shift to stock pickers in u.s. market rally
nissan says oct china auto sales up 128 percent
ecb's asmussen says esm should be last port of call for banks
china's byd says will hire more us employees for california plant
fed's fisher says stimulus tapering will be data dependent
asian shares eke out slim gains, dollar holds firm
u.s. seeking divestitures from american, us airways: source
london finance jobs lag wider recovery: study
hsbc profits seen up 10 percent as cost cuts pay off
merlin to close london float order books early: source
centrica set to drop 2 billion pounds offshore wind farm plans: report
asian shares eke out gains, dollar holds firm
hong kong luxury home buyers queue amid talk of last hurrah
swiss finance minister wants banks to boost leverage ratios: paper
covanta shares seen growing for years -barron's
ecb may soon join the flight of the doves
chip designers see dollar signs in bitcoin miners
swisscom builds 'swiss cloud' as spying storm rages
roche poised for deal to get back into antibiotics: paper
forex probes may lead to further regulation of industry: saxo bank ceo
banks hope futuristic flagships can tempt new customers
commerzbank ceo says independence no end in itself
uk's co-op bank to shed more than 1,000 jobs: sky tv report
china president xi confident about healthy economic growth
top goldman asia banker dees to take global, u.s.-based role: sources
embraer faces bribery inquiries from u.s. regulators
u.s. navy says notice of possible f/a-18 orders posted in error
honda to recall 344,000 minivans in u.s. due to braking glitch
caterpillar unit is subject of u.s. criminal probe: filing
shareholders voice displeasure with oracle's pay watchdogs
cme group chief testifies in long-awaited grain settlement trial
fairfax struggles to raise funds for blackberry bid: sources
lockheed shows plans for hypersonic spy plane; focus on low cost
morgan stanley sues former adviser, claims he falsified records
some wall street brokerages push up twitter ipo targets
exclusive: zurich cfo suicide review uncovers no impropriety - sources
cooper tire in tentative deal with workers over merger
exclusive: charter weighs bid for time warner cable by year-end - sources
exclusive: road-paint supplier ennis-flint steered toward sale
spirit aero posts profit, says asset sale progressing
u.s. fed sets tough tests in annual bank health war games
j.c. penney shares jump 10 percent on upgrade, short interest falls
jetmakers feud over seat width with big orders at stake
rbs avoids break-up with 38 billion pounds 'internal bad bank'
bondholders lose bid to lift stay in argentina litigation
stock funds worldwide attract $12.4 billion, extending record inflows: bofa
office depot-officemax deal gets u.s. antitrust nod
repeat of debt row 'wouldn't be good signal' for rating: fitch
u.s. october manufacturing activity growth hits 2-1/2-year high: ism
citigroup faces multiple probes over currency trades
factory activity hits one-year low in oct: markit
publicis, omnicom merger gets u.s. antitrust green light
chrysler sales rise 11 percent but miss expectations
jpmorgan discloses wider probes of hiring, currency trading
sinopec gets initial approval for $10-billion shanghai refinery: sources
u.s. day ahead: a buffett of earnings and the apple ipad air takes off
russian pm wants cheaper credit to stimulate economy
japan growth seen slowing in third quarter, shoppers set to take up slack
rbs to create new internal bad bank to house problem loans
insight: property hot spots renew easy-money bubble fears
insight-chinese investors sour on brazil, and projects melt away
google, samsung, huawei sued over nortel patents
walmart kicks off online holiday deals early in intense season
asian shares sag, dollar rises on upbeat u.s. data
china october official manufacturing pmi beats forecasts
fannie mae sues nine banks for rigging libor
ziff brothers investments expected to close u.s. hedge fund: report
wells fargo settles mortgage claims with u.s. government for under $1 billion: ft
ex-madoff trader implicates other workers in decades-long fraud
bj's launches $2.1 billion loan for refinancing, dividend recap
monte paschi's key shareholder open to bank's merger: document
future of state-backed uk lender rbs set to be cleared up
aig quarterly profit beats estimates
more u.s. small businesses plan for employee health coverage: survey
bj's launches $2.1 billion loan for refinancing, dividend recap
fannie mae sues nine banks over libor
analysis: for merck, bringing cattle feed zilmax back won't be easy
insolvent german diy chain praktiker attracts second bid-sources
toyota plans to launch large hybrid suvs in 2016: nikkei
activist fund tci backs eads boss as defense cuts loom
@paulsl46 foreign direct investment.
boeing to raise 737 production to 47/month by 2017
siemens infrastructure unit revamp not a priority: ceo
pimco's gross urges 'privileged 1 percent' to pay more tax
future of state-backed uk lender rbs set to be cleared up
boeing to raise 737 production to 47/month by 2017
daimler wants to expand cooperation with electric-car maker tesla
news of the world's rebekah brooks and andy coulson were having an affair which lasted at least six years, london court hears
france investigates chairman of swiss bank reyl: source
shareholder power dominates big oil results
wal-mart to announce three u.s. manufacturing projects
new york times revenue rises on subscriptions
britain pledges public access to tax evasion-busting database
facebook shares recover as investors shrug off falling usage
exxon's quarterly profit down 18 percent, refining hurts
facebook shares recover as investors shrug off falling usage
stock futures dip, but facebook climbs in premarket
avon sales plummet in north america
conocophillips profit jumps as oil, natural gas prices rise
time warner cable profit drops after cbs blackout
investors see opportunity as miners seek alternative finance
six major central banks make currency swap accords permanent
exclusive: china securitization plan expanded to include foreign banks - sources
total profit falls as european refining hurts
sony posts quarterly loss, cuts outlook as tvs slip back into red
facebook smashes analyst targets but executive comments spook street
us airways, american consider merger settlement: sources
facebook smashes analyst targets but executive comments spook street
sins of past, present and future haunt banks
jp morgan puts london fx chief on leave, citi reported to do same
mcdonald's and kraft to test grocery coffee sales in 2014
u.s. attorney wants doj to take civil action against bank of america: filing
trick or treat? grain hedgers haunted by the ghost of mf global
boeing to place much of 777x design work outside seattle
cargill bans zilmax from beef supply until issues resolved
boj eyes slight upgrade in forecast, to maintain policy
us airways, american drawing up proposed settlement: report
visa profit falls 28 percent due to higher tax provision
brazil's ogx files for bankruptcy protection: source
nsa intercepts google, yahoo traffic overseas: report
german-swiss tax deal could be revived, conservatives say
madoff trustee may pursue $8 billion claims vs. banks in feeder fund cases
campbell reinvents soup, one cup, pouch or k-cup at a time
judge rejects monte paschi prosecutor's seizure request against jp morgan
boeing to place major 777x design work outside seattle
twitter hit with $124 million lawsuit over private stock sale
pimco hires maisonneuve as global head of equities portfolio management
twitter hit with $124 million lawsuit over private stock sale
caci to focus on integrating six3 acquisition for now: ceo
teva pharm ceo resigns, cfo stands in on interim basis
carmaker tesla to step up supply of battery cells from panasonic
exclusive - merck works toward bringing zilmax back to u.s., canada
rbs reviews fx practices, barclays flags probe
infosys reaches $34 million settlement in u.s. visa case
u.s. consumer prices rise, but underlying inflation benign
u.s. private sector adds 130,000 jobs in october: adp
teva pharm ceo resigns, cfo stands in on interim basis
gm posts strong profit on u.s. demand, smaller loss in europe
comcast thirs-quarter profit, revenue fall without olympics boost
chrysler profit up 22 percent, confirms 2013 sales outlook
u.s., china to bid for overseas nuclear projects: u.s. energy secretary
u.s. day ahead: will wall street like facebook earnings and the fed statement?
barclays says helping with fx probe, profits fall
china official pmi seen hitting 18-month high in october
fed to maintain aggressive policy stimulus amid soft data
asian shares creep ahead, count on fed being benign
u.s. consumer confidence at six-year high, europeans also more upbeat - survey
linkedin's conservative forecast gives pause to sizzling stock surge
brazil suspends trade in shares of university operator gaec
pentagon sees 'sufficient' progress to boost fiscal year 2015 f-35 output
sainsbury's takes price comparison spat with tesco to high court
with tough market at home, china's heavy gear makers gain traction overseas
goldman loses co-head of commodity trade shenouda: memo
ally settles u.s. regulators' mortgage securities claims
u.s. house passes bill to delay fiduciary rules at sec, labor dept
adobe data breach more extensive than previously disclosed
goldman loses co-head of commodity trade shenouda: memo
rio tinto's former boss says miners were 'too slow' to react
sac capital plea deal may come early next week: wsj
goldman sachs' co-head of commodities shenouda to leave: memo
u.s. mortgage burden gets lighter in second quarter
u.s. judge denies class action status in deutsche bank lawsuit
ubs, deutsche bank confirm cooperation in forex probes
russia demands ukraine payment, raising fears of new gas war
lufthansa says new boeing freighter plane delayed
jpmorgan's $13 billion deal at risk of collapse: wsj
deutsche bank confirms involvement in foreign exchange probes
airbus still eyes 25 a380 sales this year: ceo in paper
deutsche bank investors can't pursue u.s. lawsuit as group: judge
stanchart puts senior fx trader in london on leave: source
adidas joins european-led effort on bangladesh factories
lufthansa says new boeing freighter plane delayed
dollar gains amid news u.s. department of justice investigating into currency manipulation; hits highest in almost a week versus yen.
sears may separate lands' end, auto center as sales slide
apple still rules in japan as carriers battle to sell iphones
u.s. consumer confidence falls sharply in october
u.s. business inventories rise in august, may support third-quarter gdp
qatar airways says a350 delivery on schedule; plans order in dubai
u.s. home prices rise in aug, yearly gain best since 2006: sandp
airbus says jetblue deal marks 10,000th a320 family order
rabobank ceo to quit early over libor scandal: dutch media
rabobank ceo to quit early over libor scandal: dutch media
china to hold key economic reform meeting nov 9 to nov 12
stock futures flat as investors seek catalyst
infosys says in process of resolving u.s. visa investigation
pfizer third-quarter profit beats estimates; oncology drugs shine
qatar airways says a350 delivery on schedule; plans order in dubai
exclusive: china central bank seeks to reassure money markets after rate spike
deutsche bank extends ceo contract of juergen fitschen to 2017
uk's lloyds q3 profit up, but takes another ppi hit
u.s. small businesses boosted borrowing in september
in myanmar, hyundai motor basks in "korean wave": dealer says
deutsche bank profit slammed by legal charges
brazil's ogx ends talks with holders of $3.6 billion of bonds
ubs defers key return target on extra capital demands
exclusive: intellectual ventures faces novel attack on patent business
asia's export engine stuck in neutral despite u.s. uptick
microsoft shareholders advised to vote against director thompson
apple's results disappoint ahead of holiday quarter
investment banking slowdown to hit european lenders
iran outlines plan to win back western oil interest: ft report
microsoft shareholders advised to vote against director thompson
hawaiian airlines expects substantial revenue growth
ex-credit suisse chairman calls dougan's 90 million swiss francs payout a 'mistake'
lloyds' ppi compensation bill to rise to 8 billion pounds: sky news
apple sold 33.8 million iphones last quarter, roughly in line with expectations
why wells fargo's loan losses are plunging
vw's 'new era' vehicle platform seen putting a drag on profits
analysis: kenya shutdown tempers east african oil ambitions
vivendi, lagardere agree 1 billion euro canal+ buyout
south africa's amcu union says members vote for implats strike
consumer reports pulls recommendation for toyota camry
analysis: from big foot to bluto, gulf of mexico bolstering u.s. as no. 1 in oil
penney again says sales trends are improving
apple expected to report sales of 33-36 million iphones and 15 million ipads sold in its fourth quarter on monday
former vivendi boss begins appeal in paris court
tokyo electric cannot yet be trusted to restart nuclear plant: governor
u.s. industrial output posts largest gain in seven months
burger king profit beats as franchising slashes costs
u.s. safety regulators probe shattering kia sorento sunroofs
tim hortons offers new dark roast coffee
merck third-quarter profit beats estimate, but januvia sales slump
embattled g4s rejects $2.5 billion offer for cash delivery unit
sinopec field could reignite china shale hopes
amc networks to buy chellomedia from liberty global
panel says no cover-up in japan's mizuho mob loans scandal
eads plans to cut jobs, costs at defense unit: ceo in paper
nfl considers selling some thursday night games: exec
toyota still no.1 carmaker in jan-sept, likely outselling gm, vw
analysis: bank of america verdict spotlights u.s. focus on civil cases
insight: delays, clashes hinder attempts to salvage batista's ogx
apple's iphone sales, holiday quarter up for scrutiny
australian shares lead asian rebound; yen softens
mizuho management lacked awareness to shun anti-social forces-external panel
analysis: from big foot to bluto, gulf of mexico set for record oil supply surge
samsung elec shares rise 2 percent after third-quarter earnings boost outlook
macquarie eyes a slice of australian banks' home mortgage pie
new york fed examines mortgage real estate investment trusts: ft
gm says china partnership with saic strong, eyes indonesia tie-up
report due on japan's mizuho mob-loan scandal, serious penalty unlikely
global economy: no halloween horrors in store from the fed
wall street's love affair with facebook hinges on mobile
wall street's love affair with facebook hinges on mobile
blackrock shares could rise further: barron's
exclusive: washington lobbying law firm in merger talks - sources
sri lanka opens $292 million chinese-funded airport highway
oil service firms rush to saudi for busy drilling year ahead
fed to hold its fire this week, wants clearer economic view
china cabinet lowers administrative barriers for starting new firms
shanghai to increase supply of affordable housing after home price rises
israeli government approves flug as central bank governor
u.s. week ahead: tweet all about it, twitters coming to town and the fomc meets for the first time post govt. shutdown
china september industrial profits up 18.4 percent year-on-year
exclusive: aiming to avoid facebook chaos, nyse runs twitter ipo test
review of britain's rbs to call for internal 'bad bank', not breakup: sky
air france cfo sent letter of complaint to alitalia: newspaper
china's huishang bank sets price range for up to $1.3 billion hong kong ipo: source
tesla eyes annual sales of 10,000 cars in germany: ceo in paper
mitsubishi motors plans $2 billion share offer as early as jan -sources
jpmorgan in $5.1 billion deal with housing agency
ge drops legal fight over running tar sands megaloads on idaho highway
man fired for aiding woman rejects wal-mart offer to hire him back
thyssenkrupp could set up steel processing in brazil: report
sec's aguilar: hold exchange executives accountable for failures
wall street week ahead: focus on facebook, apple and the fed
bunge's new chief challenges status quo in first months on job
mexican billionaire slim ups stake in america movil
fannie mae, freddie mac end traditional pension plans
federal housing agency announces $5.1 billion jpmorgan deal
barclays found liable in $300 million black diamond dispute
judge denies thomson reuters' request to dismiss ex-employee lawsuit
united fined $1.1 million for tarmac delays at o'hare: dot
abbvie beats forecast as humira sales surge
efh restructuring talks expand, forge on ahead of looming payment
exclusive: orrick and pillsbury in talks to form top 10 u.s. law firm
.@arianfoster would be equivalent of blackberry if he were a stock: sports business professor
boeing, lockheed to team up on new u.s. bomber program: sources
u.s. wholesale inventories rise more than expected
u.s. consumer sentiment slides in october on government shutdown
u.s. non-transport durable goods orders fall in bad sign for investment
ups posts bigger quarterly profit
stock futures drift near record high, earnings and data in focus
serco ceo quits after government contract scandal
japan industrial output expected to recover on domestic demand
turkey open to other bids if china defense deal fails
uk economy picks up speed in third-quarter, growth fastest since 2010
u.s. day ahead: i thought i saw an ipo, i did, i did!
disney to enter mainland china with its largest store
greenland votes to allow uranium, rare earths mining
asian stock markets fall, dollar near 2-year low vs euro
bunge may struggle to lure suitors for loss-making sugar mills
exclusive- boeing gets $20.7 billion worth of 737 max commitments from china: sources
bank of america to eliminate up to 4,000 mortgage jobs
twitter ipo pegs valuation at modest $11 billion
barclays found liable in $300 million dispute with black diamond
business groups ask u.s. to settle u.s. airways, american suit
bank of america to eliminate up to 4,200 mortgage jobs
raytheon posts higher-than-expected profit, boosts forecast
bowing to wall st., dupont to spin off titanium dioxide unit
exclusive: india eyes $15 billion rollover of subsidy costs into next budget
microsoft profit up 17 percent, shares jump
twitter prices ipo at $17 to $20 a share
china and europe make up after averting trade war
wells fargo waives october mortgage fees for late payers
fannie, freddie to finish sorting out loan disputes by year end
tesla hires apple vp to lead vehicle development
goldcorp delays, ups cost estimate on argentina project
kering's gucci posts weakest sales growth in four years
prospect capital has size, diversification and a few clydesdales
royal caribbean set for strong 2014 as europe cruise demand rises
october car sales to show 8 percent rise: j.d. power and lmc
watch: spain's economy exited a two-year recession in q3 thanks to exports
qatar airways 'not interested' in boeing 777x
france's september 2013 jobless claims rise to 60,000 month/month to a new record of 3.296 million unemployed: labor ministry #breaking
bank of america to eliminate 3,000 mortgage jobs: wsj
u.s. hotel staffing company files for bankruptcy, seeks sale
google to step up investment in finnish data center, sources say
raytheon says standing by if turkey changes mind on china order
jpmorgan may face federal sanctions over madoff ties: ny times
icahn says to withhold shares from proposed apple buyback
u.s. fed launches bank liquidity plan, says tougher than basel
live exclusive interview with @sentedcruz on #aca 
u.s. manufacturing growth slows in october, disrupted by government shutdown: markit
u.s. trade deficit widens slightly on weak exports
raytheon posts lower quarterly results, boosts year eps forecast
3m co profit rises six percent as sales grow
raytheon eyes 'tremendous opportunities' in fourth quarter
dow chemical says looking to raise $3-$4 billion from assets sales
ford boosts outlook after third-quarter profit beat
xerox profit beats estimates as services revenue rises
china 2013 growth seen at 7.6 percent, topping target, slowdown likely next year: poll
tepid growth seen while australia searches for new growth source: poll
exclusive: jal may take legal action against government over landing slots
u.s. day ahead: has amazon cast a spell on investors? ceo alan mulally's exit likely a hot topic for ford and microsoft
german private sector expands at slower pace in october: pmi
china central bank fuels fears of inflation clampdown
analysis: using tech playbook, oil drillers shower employees with stock
wal-mart to open up to 110 new china stores by 2016
asian shares slip, china looks set to tighten liquidity
japan's abe: to use extra tax revenue, not new debt, for stimulus spending
branson recalls tears, $1 billion check in virgin records sale
ex-apple ceo sculley mulling blackberry bid: report
bank of america liable for countrywide mortgage fraud
pinterest valued at $3.8 billion in hefty financing deal
in detroit bankruptcy trial, union says city had pensions in sight
u.s. arms makers post higher profit, decry budget cloudiness
u.s. court upholds ex-consultant jiau's insider trading conviction
omnicare to pay $120 million to settle u.s. kickback lawsuit
liggett group to pay $110 million in tobacco settlement
analysis: gm may develop future opel vehicles on its own in europe
bank of america loses fraud trial over u.s. mortgages
beverly hills securities broker target of wall street complaint
u.s. jury finds bank of america corp liable in u.s. lawsuit over alleged countrywide mortgage fraud -- court hearing
outlook for education stocks brightens after apollo results
u.s. sec cracks down on advisers over repeated compliance failures
french union want talks with u.s. tire chief on layoff plans
u.s. navy orders raytheon to halt radar work after protest
goldman sachs to sell 16 million shares in sports direct international
big companies push back against g20 tax avoidance plan
deutsche bank taps former barclays financial services banker: memo
luxury goods theft causes hermes collection preview cancellation
us airways posts lower quarterly profit
boeing raises forecast as third-quarter profit jumps
northrop boosts earnings, sees higher full-year profit
bribery scandal slashes glaxosmithkline's chinese drug sales
nasdaq quarterly profit rises, helped by acquisitions
american realty to buy cole real estate for $11.2 billion
exclusive: rosneft cuts output forecast at key siberian field
u.s. day ahead: detroit's bankruptcy heads to court and caterpillar earnings could offer a view of the global economy

india's wipro profit beats forecast, but not enough for investors
ecb says bank health test to strengthen confidence
australia inflation surprise highlights rising price pressures in asia
peugeot trims gm alliance ambition as sales fall
boeing ups forecast for northeast asian aircraft market
u.s. sec to release long-awaited 'crowdfunding' rule
goldman sachs hires new asia pacific e-trading head from citi: memo
exclusive: htc scales back production lines as cash flow worsens - sources
exclusive: cerberus, others explore deal for safeway - sources
wall street rises as jobs data supports fed policy
kcg lays off around 30 people in u.s., 30 in europe: source
ecb sets out bank health test plans before new supervisory role
exclusive: cerberus, others explore deal for safeway - sources
twitter obtains $1 billion credit line on road for ipo
universal american, gtcr sue each other over healthcare deal
bank of america: u.s. fraud case is 'alice in wonderland'
alcoa shares jump on unusually heavy trading
dutch lender rabobank to face near-$1 billion libor charge: ft
goldman must pay legal fees for ex-programmer accused of theft
exclusive: jpmorgan settlement could cost bank closer to $9 billion
judge stalls sale of boston globe to red sox owner john henry
chrysler begins jeep cherokee shipments after delay
vw labor leader seeks german-like workers council in tennessee
u.s. regulators say no fair-lending problem with new mortgage rules
there are 475,000 apps in the apple store, says ceo tim cook, adding "it's about quality" not quantity. live remarks 
apple has sold 170 million ipads:
$aapl shares rise slightly higher, hovering at $519: live ticker with @reutersinsider
apple kicks off tuesday event, expected to show new ipads
$aapl shares slightly lower, now hovering just under $518: live ticker with @reutersinsider
emc cuts full-year forecast due to u.s. government shutdown
cohen's sac will close london office by year-end: report
verizon hires prominent executive from emc's security division
dc goldman sachs cuts ownership in uk insurer
iberia to return to profit in 2014: iag boss walsh
u.s. construction spending approaches 4-1/2 year high
fed won't raise u.s. rates until well 2015, traders bet
analysts raise netflix targets but ask if shares now too high
live blogging the jobs report this morning:
bls: u.s. september payroll employment added 148,000 jobs; unemployment 7.2% - live coverage
what was your first job? share your story with the hashtag #firstjob and check out
harley-davidson profit rises, shipment forecast unchanged
lockheed third-quarter profit tops estimates, lifts full-year outlook
uk's osborne says growth alone won't fix deficit
dupont revenue rises on demand for plastics, solar panel parts
whirlpool profit more than doubles due to cost cuts
co-op's former ceo says bank's problems are 'a tragedy'
eu's top court rules germany can keep vw veto law
.@reutersinsider live video for tuesday's apple event showcases market reactions, breaking news and tweets in one
reckitt benckiser reviews pharma unit, could sell it
france's gdf suez to boost uk shale exploration
adidas shakes up management to restore europe, u.s. growth
lufthansa 2013 profit outlook disappoints, shares hit
peugeot will remain french: industry minister
u.s. job growth seen having revved up before budget fight hit
asian shares softer before u.s. jobs data, dollar steady
boeing rotorcraft chief says prospects for foreign sales bright
petrobras-led group wins brazil oil auction with minimum bid, many stay away
singapore firm barred from u.s. contracts over bribery case: navy
former jefferies trader must face trial on tarp charges: judge
martha stewart, j.c. penney revise partnership agreement in macy's dispute
starbucks under media fire in china for high prices
madoff employees lived high on corporate money, prosecutors say
former jpmorgan executive challenges uk's london whale report
bhp q1 iron ore output up 23 percent, ups fy2014 target: 212 million per tonnes
hyundai motor goes conservative with redesigned sonata, genesis
radioshack gets financing from ge capital: source
with psy and currency swaps, south korea grabs global influence
penney shares plunge after analyst sets $1 price target
penney no longer on martha stewart board in revised deal
madoff employees lived high on corporate money, prosecutors say
bombardier gets order for 30 more learjet 85 aircraft from flexjet
this is the sweet spot of the cycle for apple, bgc parnets tech analyst colin gillis tells @bobbirebell
siemens wins dismissal of u.s. lawsuit alleging asia bribery
airbus says a350 tests going well, delivery on track
higher rates fail to boost demand at fed's reverse repo test
bnp paribas confirms "limited" shinhan share sale
ex-trader hayes allegedly conspired with 22 others, uk court hears
caesars exits boston casino project, says unit under federal probe
u.s. commerce dept to release september personal income/spending report on nov. 8; postpones release of first estimate of q3 gdp to oct. 30
slow u.s. home sales should rise if house prices do: fed study
hyundai recalls 27,500 sedans in u.s. for brake issue
check out data dive, a new reuters blog by @mccarthyryanj:
analysis: repeatedly burned, short sellers avoid momentum stocks
ex-ubs banker wanted in u.s. tax probe arrested in italy
brazil gears up for big oil auction amid heavy security
sabmiller's europe boss looks beyond men to boost beer demand
u.s. safety regulators probe hyundai genesis for brake issues
fed's evans: will take a 'few months' to gauge shutdown impact - cnbc
eu watchdog sets out tougher rules for planned bank tests
mcdonald's quarterly profit rises four percent
halliburton profit grows with international drilling
analysis: u.s. 'war on coal' may be good fight for some manufacturers
hasbro profit tops analysts' estimates
wall street banks learn how to survive in staged cyber attack
swiss watchdog chides three banks over tunisia accounts: tv
sharp japan export slowdown dents 'abenomics', flags asia weakness
publishers need to know their readers to survive in digital era
eurogroup head says slovenia must press on with reforms
starbucks under media fire in china for high prices
sap warns exchange rate effects could hit fourth quarter
for jpmorgan, ending criminal probe proves impossible for now
aussie shares hit five-year high, dollar near eight-month low
aussie shares hit five-year high, dollar near eight-month low
ineos says not bluffing on closure of scotland's grangemouth refinery
crown castle to buy rights to atandt towers for $4.85 billion
u.s. housing regulators seek over $6 billion from bofa: ft
despite debt drama, u.s. still outshining europe
deutsche bank talking to 50 employees over libor: paper
charterhouse eyes $1.6 billion offer for g4s unit: report
u.s. economy bruised by fiscal fight: treasury secretary
insight: as brazil's batista falters, rio dream does too
big data heralds return of the cray supercomputer
boe's broadbent: rates could rise fair amount before problems
anglican leader pressures british energy giants over price rises
u.s. week ahead: investors to pick apart delayed jobs report
oman's galfar says md resumes work after questioning
haunted house business gets boost as techs up thrill ante
jpmorgan in tentative $13 billion deal with u.s.: source
uk's royal mail valued higher than sale price: ft report
bundesbank head warns merkel on increased state spending: report
haunted house business gets boost as techs up thrill ante
ecb's draghi has asked to delay bank bail-in plans: paper
india's ultratech cement second-quarter profit halves on subdued demand
uk's osborne says actively considering rbs "bad bank": paper
india's mcx says ceo submits resignation
boeing slows production of 747; little financial impact seen
ford's mulally won't dismiss boeing, microsoft speculation
exclusive: motorola looking to exit wireless lan business - sources
uk's osborne says actively considering rbs "bad bank": paper
ernst and young to pay $99 million to end lehman investor lawsuit
prudential says will not appeal u.s. council's systemic risk tag
jpmorgan reaches $4 billion deal with u.s. housing agency: wsj
harper says will weigh security concerns on any blackberry deal: bloomberg
data delay adds wrinkle to u.s. inflation bond sales
sec charges collateral manager of cdo with fraud
fed should not raise rates to fight financial risk: evans
.@rupertmurdoch re-elected as chairman of 21st century fox, despite protests from shareholder groups
.@rupertmurdoch re-elected as chairman of 21st century fox, despite protests
u.s. data backlog a boon for computer-driven trading
eu to end tariffs on japanese autoparts in exchange for japan end to import duties on european wine, cheese, other processed foods: nikkei
uk court dismisses case against directors of madoff unit
analysis: china's pioneers to drive recovery in solar equipment demand
eu members agree to enter investment negotiations with china
google stock hits new high of $1000 as mobile bets pay off
schlumberger, baker top estimates with global drilling
bombardier says china's cdb leasing may buy 30 cseries aircraft
european union and canada agree free-trade deal
morgan stanley revenue jumps 50 percent on strong equities trading
ingersoll-rand results beat estimates as u.s. housing recovers
honeywell quarterly profit up four percent
india probe into wal-mart investment moves to central bank: sources
ge third-quarter net profit falls
schlumberger profit rises 20 percent as global drilling booms
exclusive: india gears up to launch interest rate futures - sources
u.s. day ahead: with little economic data out, ge q3 earnings takes on more of an importance as an economic gauge
as u.s. averts default, japan and china brace for next dollar drama
swiss private bank shuts up shop over u.s. tax row
china's third-quarter gdp growth fastest this year, but outlook murky
belgium's belgacom investigates new hacking attempt
bofa considers new checking account that prevents overdraft: wsj
asian shares hit five-month high on u.s. relief, china data
google's third-quarter beats as ad volume grows, stock flirts with $1,000 level
hong kong tycoon likely winner of u.s. loan to fisker auto: sources
corporate japan to hunker down and save gains from tax cut: reuters poll
u.s.-based money market funds have $43 billion outflow: lipper
blackstone's solar unit gets $540 million in financing
blackstone's solar unit gets $540 million in financing
chipotle could increase menu prices in the middle of 2014 to offset higher food costs: executives
chipotle profits get a boost from increased traffic
stryker 3rd-quarter net profit falls due to recalls as sales rise
sac capital advisor's steven cohen is trying to sell his stake in sam waksal's privately-held kadmon pharmaceuticals: source
flood of u.s. economic data set to wash up on wall street
u.s. labor department says it will release its september employment report on tuesday, october 22.
google's third quarter revenue rose 23 percent but losses from motorola unit rose considerably since 2012
hsbc hit with record $2.46 billion judgment in u.s. class action
boston scientific to pay $30 million over heart devices: u.s. justice
witness claims u.s. lawyer used inflated estimate in chevron case
wells fargo cuts 925 more mortgage jobs
madoff employees were puppets of 'grand master,' defense says
hsbc hit with $2.46-billion judgment in u.s. class action
analysis: washington budget battle may delay fed taper until 2014
deutsche bank unit to pay $11 million to end nevada mortgage probe
boeing says still engaged with south korea on f-15 sale
toyota recalls 803,000 camry, avalon, venza sedans in u.s
raytheon to get $3 billion missile contract: pentagon
unitedhealth sees medicare payment shortfall, shares drop
boeing says still engaged with south korea about f-15 sale
gm's global sales rise 4.6 percent in first nine months
wall street turns to fundamentals, and the picture sours
india to finalize rafale deal this fiscal year: air force official
italy's chocolate king faces succession questions
ibm's revenue slump stokes growth fears
american air parent amr posts better quarterly results
fed official sees signs of u.s. housing bubble, warns on mbs buys
u.s. jobless claims fall less than expected
u.s. failure to fix fiscal 'mess' undermines fed on jobs: fisher
eu's barnier warns u.s. of tit-for-tat action over banks
verizon posts higher quarterly revenue
winnebago posts higher-than-expected q4 sales, profit
supervalu posts profit as operating costs fall
lagardere says to part with 10 magazines, 350 jobs affected
u.s. day ahead: goldman sachs may offer smaller bonus checks and google faces competitive risk from twitter
japan economy on track as stimulus spending eyed: poll
boj to extend loan facilities to make banks create more credit: sources
syngenta says 2013 earnings depend on latam as q3 sales meet view
analysis: washington becomes the biggest risk to the u.s. economy
china warns of slowing demand from emerging markets
twitter hires google executive as head of retail: report
twitter hires google executive as head of retail: report
witnesses say u.s. lawyer used fraud in chevron case in ecuador
lockheed to lay off 600 workers in mission systems, training
london's tech city picks first 25 firms for help to grow
select comfort hit by higher costs, weak demand; shares plunge
kinder morgan to expand deeprock's cushing storage
toys r us picks interim ceo for top post
jos a bank chairman sees strong investor support for men's wearhouse bid
costco says cooperating with dea probe on controlled substances
costco says it is cooperating with u.s. drug agency in probe on controlled substances
noble corp profit tops estimates with rig rate rise
new york attorney general names new investor-protection chief
sec battles with industry fund over stanford victims' claims
facebook lifts restriction on teen users sharing with public
ebay profit rises but outlook disappoints
select comfort reports q3 same store sales fell 1 percent $scss
kinder morgan reports higher quarterly profit
snapshot: wall street ends sharply higher in hopes of a fiscal deal in the united states
texas jury finds billionaire mark cuban not guilty of insider trading
ubs taps langford to run global natural resources group
texas jury finds billionaire mark cuban not guilty of insider trading
monte paschi to meet london investors over cap hike: source
lawyers say finra lets brokers sanitize records of complaints
alcoa says potline suspended at massive saudi smelter
sandp initiates coverage of tesla with 'sell' rating
fed says u.s. growth continued at 'modest to moderate' pace
u.s. prosecutors grill ex-countrywide exec in bofa mortgage trial
tennessee vw workers say company coercing them to join uaw
workers at newly privatized royal mail to strike november 4
pentagon f-35 review next week to examine operating costs
white house: "there is already a price that has been paid" for the u.s. having come close to defaulting on debt
as companies plan for u.s. default, business may take a hit
jpmorgan to pay $100 million to settle cftc charges on whale trades
ge money bank sale to value company at up to $1.67 billion
europe's car market grows in sept from record low levels
britain's financial conduct authority (@thefca) says it has begun a formal, early-stage probe into foreign exchange market trading
cfm says jet engine testing going to plan
sec says knight capital americas agrees to pay $12 million to settle charges it violated market access rules re: august 2012 trading $kcg
body panel falls off boeing 787 dreamliner in flight
analysts raise yahoo price targets on alibaba magic
unicredit ceo confirms bank of italy's loan audit
petrochina's former indonesia chief under investigation: sources
pepsico reports higher profit despite economic pressures
bank of america posts profit as loan-loss provisions drop
gsk's reilly assisting anti-bribery authorities in china
mattel's quarterly profit tops analysts' estimates
french bank natixis plans to cut 700 jobs in savings drive
apple cuts fourth-quarter orders for iphone 5c: source
lvmh says vuitton growth in third-quarter below fashion, leather unit
french banks face new foe as tobacconists offer cheap accounts
asian stocks take cover as u.s. default looms
insight: japan politics looms over ana's choice between airbus, boeing
fuselage panel falls from boeing 787 dreamliner in flight
jpmorgan to pay $100 million to settle with cftc on whale trades -reports
yahoo's alibaba stake takes heat off weak forecast
jury to begin deliberations in mark cuban insider trading trial
jpmorgan to pay $100 million to settle with cftc on whale trades: reports
twitter to list on nyse, more than doubles quarterly revenue
france's natixis to cut 700 jobs in next two years: union sources
malaysia feeds fiscal elephant in the room: its civil service
china milk powder crackdown is tough medicine for doctors, sales representatives
yahoo reports q3 net revenue of $1.081 billion
intel third-quarter revenue beats expectations
snapshot: yahoo q3 revenue $1.14 billion versus i/b/e/s view $1.08 billion; q3 gaap earnings per share $0.28; q3 non-gaap eps $0.34 $yhoo
snapshot: csx reports q3 revenue $3 billion versus i/b/e/s view of $2.95 billion; q3 earnings per share $0.46. $csx
snapshot: u.s. stocks fell tuesday in a volatile session as negotiations stalled in congress to reopen the government.
snapshot: u.s. stocks fell tuesday in a volatile session as negotiations stalled in congress to reopen the government.
analysis: growing complexity at cushing boosts chance of oil market jolts
insight: three years on, fed keeps boa-merrill waiting on commodity trade
penney denies rumor of bankruptcy counsel hire as stock falls
dollar touches day's low versus the euro after suspension of u.s. senate debt talks
u.s. stocks hit session lows as the senate fiscal negotiations are suspended - live politics coverage
deutsche bank rates swap emails refer to customer being 'screwed'
u.s. jobs market poised for improvement: fed study
new ipads expected at apple event set for october 22
moelis taps morgan stanley healthcare banker
sec chief concerned about information overload for investors
exclusive: fed's fisher, outspoken hawk, sees no qe reduction this month
tim cook brings in burberry boss to restore apple's shine
fed's dudley: bad fiscal policy threat to central bank independence
u.s. treasury bill rates fall on signs of possible budget deal
new york factory growth slows in october to weakest since may: ny fed
nyse euronext cfo, general counsel to leave after ice merger
jandj results beat estimates on strong drug sales
china able to achieve major economic targets this year: premier
burberry names bailey ceo as ahrendts quits for apple
analysis: u.s. debt ceiling crisis would start quiet, go downhill fast
burberry names bailey ceo as ahrendts quits for apple
citigroup, state street gear up for possible us debt default: wsj
toyota to cut up to 100 jobs in australia as export orders drop
u.s. senators hint at possible fiscal deal on tuesday
savient pharmaceuticals files for chapter 11 bankruptcy
wall street watchdog signals new hurdles for clearing brokers' records
uk's osborne to offer special terms to chinese banks: ft
uk's argos undercuts tesco with 99.99 pound tablet
jpmorgan trader examined in currency probe: wsj
insight: philippines infrastructure: taking the slow train to nowhere
boeing rebuts critical pentagon report on helicopter parts
coldwater creek to seek a range of strategic alternatives including partnerships, joint ventures or a sale or merger of company $cwtr
coldwater creek: negative comparable retail sales trend in q2 accelerated, q3 results are expected to be below previous guidance $cwtr
demand media announces richard rosenblatt's resignation as chairman and ceo $dmd
dow, sandp, and nasdaq unofficially close up; nasdaq halts with news pending
blackberry issues open letter to calm customers and partners
iasb accounting body rejects eu parliament's funding conditions
rival airline attacks alitalia rescue as illegal
u.s. multinationals to have say on oecd tax-base erosion project
u.s. stocks hit session highs ahead of a meeting of congressional leaders at the white house #breaking
ford's russia venture adds new suv model
senate seeks deal to avoid u.s. default as time runs short
iag calls for eu to intervene in italy's 'illegal' alitalia rescue
asmussen rules out ecb rollover of greek bonds
psa shares slump on report of capital talks with dongfeng, france
russian central bank holds rates, concerned about inflation expectations
chevron goes to trial in new york over $18 billion ecuador award
yahoo ceo mayer has advertisers' attention, but can she get their dollars?
yahoo ceo mayer has advertisers' attention, but can she get their dollars?
india's headline inflation at 7-month high, another rate hike seen
asian shares fall, yen firms as u.s. debt deadline nears
china inflation at 7-month high, limits room for easing despite export tumble
chances of grangemouth strike recede after company agrees to arbitration
lloyds ceo warns against housing "help to buy" bubble: ft
air france-klm's stand unclear for alitalia capital increase
bewildering indian policies fuel needless coal imports
indonesia seeks to get back its manufacturing mojo
alibaba to transform china's 'e-conomy' with $500 billion marketplace
china's huawei rules out large acquisitions: report
wall st. week ahead: debt-ceiling battle may overshadow earnings
analysis: as crisis fades, g20 tries to get its mojo back
canada's td bank plots 8 billion raid on rbs u.s. arm: paper
credit suisse chairman says no sign of foreign exchange rigging
unicredit may consider re-listing stake in german hvb: report
spanish banks fear new capital hit in european review
japan eyes private sector to manage part of its $1.27 trillion forex reserves
global finance chiefs ready defenses ahead of fed exit
world top bankers warn of dire consequences if u.s. defaults
imf: central banks must be careful when tightening policy
wall street week ahead: debt-ceiling battle may overshadow earnings
italy's pm says alitalia should enter alliance quickly: report
tepco creditors agree to roll over loan: nikkei
bmw's china sales up 20 percent in jan-sept, eyes record sales
china economy faces pressure, but exports to stabilize: customs
g20 urges u.s. to act quickly to avoid default
china probes three guosen securities executives: paper
carlyle's commscope sets ipo terms, valued at up to $3.9 billion
exclusive: psa in capital hike talks with dongfeng, france - sources
exclusive: psa in capital hike talks with dongfeng, france - sources
bae says no plans to challenge decision on f-35 helmet
analysis: boeing's jal loss may bring work back to the u.s
exclusive: ny regulator presses european banks about hidden assets
atandt narrows options for new customers to data-share plans
detroit says gets $350 million financing commitment from barclays
fed defends ongoing stimulus, admits communications blips
g20 hopes grow for u.s. deal to avert default
u.s. opens criminal probe into possible currency market rigging: bloomberg
us justice dept preliminary probe into fx rate manipulation had talks with alleged participants, but is leaving inquiry to europe: source
fed's powell-policy to be highly accommodative for quite a while
bloomberg cites a source that says u.s. justice dept. opened criminal investigation of possible manipulation of foreign exchange market
exclusive: u.s. cftc finishing new, tougher commodity limits rule - sources
draghi: ecb ready to act if market rates rise too high
washington gridlock hurts u.s. consumer sentiment: survey
strong royal mail market debut fuels debate over price
stock futures little changed as washington talks continue
jpmorgan posts third-quarter loss as legal expenses jump
del monte pacific buys u.s. canned food business for $1.7 billion
u.s. soon to overtake russia as top oil producer
metals stuck in rut; coffee, cocoa best bet in commodities: jefferies
strong royal mail market debut fuels debate over price
imf wants central banks to oversee markets with government supervision
afghan president karzai's brothers to offer him role if elected
starbucks ceo starts petition against government shutdown
u.s. exploring ways to modify release of sensitive economic data: wsj
who has time to judge madoff's associates?
china central bank says 2013 gdp growth to exceed 7.5 percent: xinhua
church of england sees momentum for ethical investment
norwegian air ceo says boeing changed 787 pump design
toyota wins california trial over acceleration issues
south korea can manage u.s. debt woes, wary on abenomics: finance minister
south korea can manage u.s. debt woes, wary on abenomics: finance minister
ex-aig ceo greenberg wins temporary delay in ny fraud case
exclusive: india in talks with jp morgan, others to join bond indexes - sources
u.s. government shutdown could delay keystone xl pipeline decision
u.s. shutdown hurts silicon graphics first quarter; shares fall
minor cracks found in part of f-35 b-model fighter plane
suntrust to pay $1.2 billion to resolve u.s. mortgage probes
former examiner sues ny fed for alleged goldman sachs-related firing
china pilot scheme aims to shatter assumption; investments are not guaranteed
australia's finance minister says g20 expects u.s. budget deal will be done #breaking
safeway ceo says chicago has been "noticeable drag" on results, "significant drain" on resources
#breaking $swy
safeway to exit chicago by early 2014, profit falls
toyota recalls 10,000 u.s. cars to fix wiper switches
mexico telecom law should cut slim market share below 50 percent: lawmaker
u.s. government shutdown, debt impasse stalk earnings season
norwegian air ceo says boeing changed 787 pump design
two more pipeline deals as u.s. shale production booms
a tweet recalling yom kippur war, 40 years ago, jolts oil traders
ecb's draghi says long u.s. debt standoff could cause damage
royal mail valued at 3.3 billion in london listing
u.s. watchdog adopts madoff-inspired reforms for auditors of brokers
adidas says confident of 2015 goals - ceo in paper
imf confident europe will stick by promises to greece
as fed chair, yellen unlikely to let big banks off the hook
airbus clinches landmark jet order with japan airlines
grave digger to gold digger: singapore business shifts feed governance worries
u.s. fed's bullard talks economic theory, not policy
drug company teva to cut 5,000 jobs, save $2 billion a year
all you need to know about janet yellen, in other people's words
california, government shutdown lift u.s. jobless claims to 6-month high
u.s. retailers' sales rise in september, but shoppers stay cautious
regency energy partners to buy pvr partners for $5.6 billion
mcdonald's names new ceo for german division
norwegian airline to check second 787, ilfc pressures boeing
exclusive: alibaba decides against hk ipo, not yet committed to other exchange - ceo
exclusive: alibaba ceo says company has decided not to list in hong kong
monte paschi ceo sees capital hike offered to existing shareholders
eurogroup head cancels imf trip due to dutch budget talks
'look ma, no hands' on the car steering wheel still some way off
toilet glitch forces jal to turn around dreamliner flight
obama's fed pick yellen puts focus on jobs, stability
norwegian airline to check second 787, ilfc pressures boeing
fed should try to break boom-bust cycle, says ex-rbnz chair
union allowed to file brief in american, u.s. airways merger case
lightsquared creditors can vote on restructuring plans: judge
analysis: cargill's expected cocoa coup rattles confectioners, dealers
sausage ceasefire may not end war between china's noodle kings
chevron oil and gas production rises slightly from q2
santander says to participate in uk's help to buy scheme
cargill profits slump, grain sector hit by 2012 drought
sec on the prowl for rule breakers big and small, white says
uk's rbs denies residential property sale report
g20, meeting in washington, to seek answers on looming u.s. debt crisis
obama says job of fed chair is not just top monetary policy maker, world looks to chair for leadership and guidance
obama nominates yellen as nominee for federal reserve chair - says bernanke a voice of wisdom against volatility
ryanair to hire new senior executive to boost image
barclays treasurer de vitry to leave
analysis: canada veto complicates blackberry, telecom deal making
gm's tweaked malibu arrives just 18 months after major redesign
u.s. regulators urge banks to work with borrowers during shutdown
default jitters spread to u.s. repo market
hp ceo sees revenue stabilizing in 2014; stock jumps
debts to stabilize but countries still vulnerable, imf says
france pressures alcatel-lucent on lay-off plans
gm recalls nearly 22,000 pickup trucks in north america over seats
ford seeks 5 percent of china vehicle sales in fourth quarter
jos. a. bank offers to buy men's wearhouse, gets brush-off
ex-chesapeake ceo mcclendon raises $1.7 billion to drill in utica shale
japan worries about boeing retreat in wake of jal defection
eu must speed up banking union to gain trust, imf says
j.c. penney says saks ceo sadove to join board soon
family dollar profit up but same-store sales flat, cautious on 2014
u.s. mortgage applications edge up on more refinancing: mba
wall street's hot trade: compliance officers
obama to choose yellen for top fed job, markets relieved
norwegian air to hand second dreamliner to boeing for checks
u.s. budget standoff no savior for gold
jos. a. bank proposes to buy men's wearhouse for $2.3 billion
alcatel plan won't be accepted if no union deal: french pm
new ceo cuts chesapeake energy's lifestyle largesse
wal-mart and partner bharti enterprises call off india jv
u.s. apparel retailer jos. a. bank approaches men's wearhouse about tie-up: wsj
indian it outsourcers want a bigger byte out of europe
wanted: impartial jurors for trial of madoff employees
obama to name yellen as next fed chair on wednesday
handr block shares tumble on plans to terminate bank unit sale
buffett's berkshire discloses 2.8 percent stake in goldman sachs
chrysler to expand engine plant in mexico: sources
analysis: lululemon's next challenge: overseas growth
former sentinel trader pleads guilty to fraud charges
alcoa tops earnings outlook despite weak aluminum prices
chesapeake has cut about 10 percent of its workforce
trial of madoff employees in new york begins with jury selection
in tight decision, a fed centrist wanted to trim qe
wave of brazil hotel mergers brews as middle class grows
former world bank president rejoins goldman sachs
high risk green energy drives wall street's top-performing fund
alitalia risks bankruptcy without capital increase: source
toyota to face u.s. trial over vehicle acceleration
fed's fisher decries u.s. flirtation with default
holders of u.s. government debt draw up contingency plans for default
money funds avoid some u.s. debt on fear of repayment delays
u.s. ban on some samsung products to go into effect
u.s. ban on some samsung products to go into effect
jpmorgan banker sees brazil firms borrowing for longer
former world bank president rejoins goldman sachs
retailers see 'click and mortar' as way to beat amazon
computer-driven hedge fund density to shut down
imf cuts global growth forecast, warns of prolonged stupor
u.s. default could devastate global economy, says jpmorgan's brazil head
deutsche telekom offers t-mobile usa bonds worth $3.1 billion
exclusive: eu lawyers warn of limits in building banking union
xerox says sec investigating accounting practices at acs
read #nelsonmandela speech delivered at #wef in 1992. 
"nurture tolerance, collective wisdom and democracy" #nelsonmandela #wef
read #nelsonmandela speech delivered at #wef in 1999. 
rip nelson mandela (1918-2013). #wef
how do you ace a #job interview? three tips:
attention is a mental muscle; it can be strengthened through exercise - @hbr on focus:
china's #yuan surpasses euro as world's 2nd trade currency after dollar. which #currency will be top by 2030?
we produce more #data every two days than all humans did up until 2000 - @neeliekroeseu
2% of us students can use advanced math creatively; in shanghai it's over 30% - @oecd. what can asia teach us?
how can we teach #robots social skills?
can #dubai reinvent itself as a diverse, complex economy? @tcambanis #wef
how can friendly #drones improve our lives? @dfloreano on drones that track wildlife, help farmers, carry commuters.
how will #asia meet an ever-growing energy demand?
could your orders be delivered in 30 minutes or less by a #drone?
what should be the #technology diet of the 21st century citizen? #wef
have new regulations protected the us from another "too big to fail"? @pswagel #wef
physicist professor jeremy o'brien describes how #quantum technologies could transform our lives. @bristoluni #wef
right brain creative, left brain rational? wrong - the brain works as a team, says scott barry kaufman
how can we rethink #education? @knewton_jose says the next #revolution is already happening. #wef
how are #trade disputes slowing the shift to #renewableenergies? #wef
#toptips for the perfect #jobinterview - from oddball questions to practical tasks #wef
how sustainable is your #holiday feast? changing our diets can improve food security says c. godfray. #wef
most #innovation is not done by labs - it comes from manufacturing, says v. smil, bill gates' favourite author @wired
mongolian teen got perfect score in mit circuits and electronics online course. can #mooc revolutionize education?
three golden rules for managing #conflict at work: focus on the issue, don't retaliate, aim for closure.
is there a dark side to new technologies? @shanerichmond looks at some of its scary ramifications.
what is the value of a virtual currency?
megacities by 2025: tokyo to grow 5% to 39m; beijing to almost double to 23m. how can we make cities livable?
how much longer will the #dollar be number one?
will the economic slowdown hit the particle accelerator? #wef
where is the best place to unleash your potential? infographic @au_sisonline based on our human capital index:
no. of top 500 global firms from emerging economies has soared to 127 from 19 in a decade. where are the future hubs?
should unemployment be government's priority? see how many have answered yes, from africa (81%) to n. america (53%).
who is winning the new space race? check out our infographic on spacecraft launches
end of the office era? a quarter of professional, scientific and technical workers in uk are #freelancers @telegraph
five global problems that are not being solved, according to our survey. how can we spur action?
we gathered your questions on the shadow economy, organised crime and illicit trade. read our expert's response:
we gathered your questions on #patents and intellectual property. #globalagenda expert david kappos responds:
who will be the world's biggest consumers by 2020?
could job-sharing cut unemployment? answers to your questions:
ten industries that are the main targets of cyber attacks: #globalagenda @wefgac #wef
@socialmedia4d thanks for your question @garyvee from our #globalagenda council on #socialmedia has answered you:
@alanshearer2000 hans-horst konkolewsky #globalagenda council #socialsecuritysystems answered your question:
@coxsays thanks for your question hans-horst konkolewsky from #globalagenda council #socialsecuritysystems answered:
@perspective24 thanks for your question. jay cziraky from our #globalagenda council on #illicittrade answered you:
@vasco thanks for your question jay cziraky from our #globalagenda council on #illicittrade has answered you:
can start-ups revolutionize higher education? @richde
join #wef discussion now live at the final session on #globalagenda
governments want growth, so why dont they implement the right policies? asks katinka barysch #wef #globalagenda
where are the world's busiest hackers? check out our map of malicious online activity.  @wefgac #wef #globalagenda
why can't medical records be like cash machines - accessible 24/7, whenever you need them? @jeffdrazen
@alexander_simon thanks for your question. @jaredcohen from our #globalagenda council #futureofgovernment answered:
@ushindim thanks for your question. @jaredcohen from our #globalagenda council on #futureofgovernment answered you:
we gathered your most burning questions on democracy in the digital age. read our expert's replies here:
could a phone #app make us save for retirement?
we need to invest $1 trillion in renewable energy to fight climate change - @cfigueres  #globalagenda @wefgac #wef
how can south korea avoid japan's economic mistakes?
what is the lifecycle of a twitter rumour?
how do we drive change through collaboration? watch our live session at #globalagenda summit, starting shortly
@phumemchunu thanks for your question. ashish thakkar from our #globalagenda council on #africa has answered you: 
ashish thakkar answers your questions on africa's economic future from our #globalagenda summit @wefgac #wef
who will be tweeting from 2013 summit on the #globalagenda? see the full list
latin america's 5 greatest challenges for the coming year. which issues would you add and how would you address them?
90% of french think next generation will be worse off than their parents - but only 7% of chinese. read more:
5 top challenges for asia, according to our report. what do you see as the region's main issue?
what are the three biggest issues in your region? check this map of the world's top concerns for 2014: @wefgac
the middle east's top five trends for 2014.
what are the top 10 trends facing the world in 2014?
"there is a battle of ideas going on in the arab world." tarik yousef on the legacy of the arab spring
africa's five biggest challenges, according to our outlook on the global agenda.
read our outlook on the global agenda 2014
what should the world worry about in 2014? our expert report is out friday @wefgac  #globalagenda
thank you for your brilliant questions for our summit on the global agenda! keep them coming. #globalagenda
could a rural colombian school help us rethink #education?
what do you want to know about intellectual property and copyright? send your questions via #globalagenda
what are your questions about the price of #green goods and sustainable consumption? send via #globalagenda
could lipstick save the #amazon? #wef
how important is #privacy to you?
are computers making society more unequal?
us cyber attacks have soared over the past six years. are we underestimating the danger?
what are your questions on the future of social media? send via #globalagenda
is china a friend of #africa? simplice asongu dispels some common myths.
what are your questions about the state of the shadow economy and government efforts to drag it into the light? send via #globalagenda
"how do you take a stand for intuition, creativity or... critical thinking?" is big data threatening big ideas:
what are your thoughts and questions on the role of business in protecting the #environment? send via #globalagenda
does your personality change depending on the #language you speak?
have individual female leaders like angela merkel and dilma rousseff changed the way you see leadership?
as eu and imf inspectors visit #greece, do you think austerity is saving or destroying the eu?
what role should businesses play in society? read laura tyson on the forum:blog 

the digital revolution is transforming politics. send us your questions on e-government, online campaigning and social media: #globalagenda
can technology save trees? read our green light newsletter:
is "tacit knowledge" the key to growth, wealth and productivity? #wef
over 200 million people are expected to be without work in 2013. what can we do and where will new jobs come from? #globalagenda #wef
shelly esque: 66 million girls dont attend education of any kind. how do we educate these missing millions? #wef
can europe avoid a japan-style #deflation trap?
is this the internet's big bang? authority approves #web addresses ending in chinese, arabic, russian words.
which is the best country to be an #expat?
is social media making us boring?
does #europe need a single #telecoms market to boost its digital economy?
bad loans have surged in #china. how concerned should we be about china's economy?
send us your questions on gender equality, women's rights for saadia zahidi qanda, starting now! hashtag #wefgender
qanda with gender expert saadia zahidi starting shortly! send your questions on equality, work-life balance #wefgender
can this generation end poverty?
please send #wef your questions on the global gender gap report 2013 for our live session on 1 november, hashtag: #wefgender
the key to arab womens rights? its not what you think - @munaabusulayman
equal rule, equal rights? scandinavia continues to lead the world as the region with the most #gender equality in politics. #wef
gender diversity has been shown to boost corporate performance. do women lead differently?
britain is set to be first non-muslim country to launch a #sharia bond. how are sharia bonds different?
activist sharmeen obaid chinoy discusses #womens rights in pakistan. 
why arent there more women in the boardroom, asks @kaykoplovitz on the forum:blog #gendergap #wef
please send us your questions on the global gender gap report 2013 for our live session on 1 november, hashtag: #wefgender
how can saudi arabia create more opportunities for women?
europe's #gender split: iceland ranks 1st in our gender gap report, italy 71st. check out the top 10
what are the key findings of our gender gap report? watch this video on the latest #gender trends
top 10 countries for #gender equality in the middle east and north africa
top 10 most #gender equal countries in asia and the pacific
nicaragua shines as a world leader in #gender equality. read up on latin america's top 10:
where's the best place in the world to be a women? check out our global heat map.
which are the top 10 most #gender equal countries?
be the first to read our global gender gap report
saadia zahidi, our head of #gender parity, discusses the gender gap report at bbc's #100women conference tomorrow
is #economics really a science?
read an excerpt from alan greenspans new book, the map and the territory
what lessons can be drawn from the reforms of energy subsidies? #wef
why do so few women pursue careers in maths and science? #wef
how should china respond to the us debt ceiling crisis? #wef
what would be your advice to your younger self? successful #women share their stories.
ten #women who are changing the #tech sector. who is your favourite female tech guru?
is the internet good for democracy?
is the freelance economy killing office life?
janet yellen's views on #women in #economics:
sheridan jobbins reviews brad stone's "the everything store: jeff bezos and the age of amazon"
fuel-efficient cars could halve #energy consumption of cars by 2025. #wef
could a tech start-up help russian #publishers digitize literary classics and fight back against #e-book piracy?
by 2030, 77% of austria's #energy is expected to come from #renewable sources, mainly hydro and wind.
we waste a quarter of our available #food calories. what are your ideas for reducing #waste? #wef
four ways businesses can build trust:
in 2009 #germany lost 127 gwh of renewable #energy, roughly the annual need of rwanda, in storage/transmission.
295m people in southern asia suffer from hunger - more than in any other region. what's the solution? #wef
do we need to get smarter about global #food security? @faowfd #wef #worldfoodday
what is the forum's new vision for agriculture? #worldfoodday @faowfd #wef
agriculture is africa's largest employer, largest contributor to gdp. how can africa get more from its farms? @faowfd
as little as 11% of sourced energy actually makes it to your home. how can we change that?
how can we save energy, cut emissions and boost growth? read our new energy report
from mexico to mozambique, find out about new ideas to empower #farmers and boost harvests.
congratulations eugene fama, lars peter hansen, robert shiller for being awarded the nobel prize in economics #wef
how can we provide food security for the world's poorest? #wef
by how much will hybrids cut overall energy consumption of cars? read our global energy report tomorrow, 15 oct. #wef
from fighting cancer to dust mites: how will the #vaccines of the future unlock the power of our immune system?
who will be the eu's renewable #energy champion by 2030? check out our global energy report on 15 oct. #wef
how can we collaborate in a complex world? our summit on the global agenda will kick off on 18 nov. #wef
are migrants remittances the secret weapon for growth? #wef
which form of energy is both reshaping geopolitics and decreasing co2 emissions? check out our global #energy report on 15 oct. #wef
klaus schwab joins @worldbank discussion on using technology to improve access to finance
how much electricity are we losing due to bad storage? check out our global #energy report on 15 oct. #wef
"the #dollar is the worlds go-to currency. but for how much longer?" @b_eichengreen examines the outlook.
congratulations to alice munro for winning the nobel prize in literature! finely tuned storytelling. @nobelprize_org #wef
how can corporate resources be used to solve global issues? live schwab foundation/huffpost session from 19.00 cet
77% of americas textile workforce has been lost. is the industry ready to rise again?
congratulations to martin karplus, michael levitt, arieh warshel for winning the nobel prize in chemistry @nobelprize_org #wef
how will the 10-year human brain project change neuroscience?
how can multinationals be encouraged to serve the poor?
congratulations to franois englert and peter higgs for winning nobel prize in physics @nobelprize_org
pollution? housing? education? name your citys top 3 issues in this poll and see what others have picked.
@georgesoros argues that eurobonds would solve the #euro crisis. do you agree? #wef
world bank has cut its growth forecast for china to 7.5% from 8.3%. how will the slowdown affect global growth?
congratulations to james rothman, randy schekman, thomas sdhof, for winning nobel prize in medicine @nobelprize_org
only 14% of us physics professors are #women. is a change in culture the key to parity?
89% of galleries sell #art on the basis of a digital image. would you buy art online?
does the imf need its own forward guidance to head off a market crisis?
can precision medicine help us win the war on #cancer?
is your city ready to challenge tokyo, london, new york as the capitals of big business?
business lessons from a thriller writer: what the late tom clancy taught us about brands
top 10 places to learn, work, thrive: check out our global human capital infographic:
do you welcome the idea of using electronic devices on airplanes?
two degrees, but no job. are start-ups the answer to europes youth unemployment?
the #wef cross-industry meeting on how hyperconnectivity is impacting individuals, businesses, and governments starts today #wefhyperc
five technologies you can wear:
us ranks 43rd globally for health and wellness. is lack of investment in human capital holding back the economy?
the economic rationale behind the us shutdown madness - @tylercowen on the forum:blog
the world is facing an era of talent scarcity. where does talent thrive? read our human capital report. #wef
which country is best at developing a strong, educated workforce? join us for the launch of our human capital report.
will 3d printing revolutionize space travel?
us private debt soared from around 70% of gdp in 1945, to well over 200% in 2008. too much?
el salvador farmers return to indigenous methods to cope with climate change.
how can we nurture #creativity?
are online businesses the future for egypt?
can you map wealth in africa using mobile-phone minutes? @ritchiesking
how do you create a healthy work/life balance? top tips from neuroscientists. #wef
97% of scientists think climate change is happening, but only 41% of american citizens agree.
how hot will it get in your lifetime? projections based on new climate change report.
five ways to boost innovation, from leadership to organizational culture. #wef
how germany is encouraging women to enter the science and tech sector.
#gender discrimination hurts economic growth by as much as 27% of gdp/capita. 
@kellyrigg thank you, it's a very interesting piece!
can #meditation help you make more profitable business decisions?
fastest-growing network? region with most active users? 12 striking social media facts and figures for 2013.
india's fx reserves: $275 bln. short-term debt: $170 bln. what are the options?
less than 5% of new #books are published in formats for blind people. how can we unlock the rest?
how will angela #merkel's victory affect germany's euro policies?
have we become virtual hoarders?
78% of #bitcoin is not in circulation. are we facing a virtual currency crash if a few hoarders sell? #wef
only 15-20% of africans have bank accounts but 60-70% have #mobile phones. will mobile money replace our banks? @theeconomist #wef...
are we on the threshold of a revolution in neuroscience?
recovery or mirage? 46.5 million americans still live in poverty, data shows. @theatlantic
can china unleash the caged tiger of consumer spending?
since 2000, german science spending has soared by 70%. can you buy innovation?
german youth unemployment is under 8%. in spain it's 56%, in italy 38%. is vocational training the key? @bbc
how do you build a great network and reputation when you're an introvert? some top tips @harvardbiz
many #millennials want to do good while making money. is impact investing the answer?
is our acceptance of failure a #fail?
what is impact investing and why should it go mainstream? find out tomorrow in a new #wef report
from wildfire to famine: how hidden connections are threatening our societies
would you wear a smartwatch or read on a phablet? @shanerichmond gives his round-up of tech trends
who should lead the fed?
tackling climate change, one bike at a time  @renatheuberger on the forum:blog @schwabfound
we answered @myjobscout and @kofiemeritus's questions on tech access during #morejobs - see more here:
top ten quotes from dalian: part iii
china has more smartphone users than the us has people, writes nathan eagle of @jana
how green data is making china more transparent - @eligteringen on the forum:blog
'what role should governments play for boosting innovation?' writes @mazzucatom on the forum:blog
how chinas entrepreneurs are shaking up philanthropy and civil society @aroncramer
see how hank c. k. wuh responded to your definitions of innovation during our #innovatefuture session here:
.@saarahadu's definition of innovation sparked debate during #innovatefuture - see what he submitted here:
see how one of our online audience defined innovation in our fast-paced #innovatefuture session here:
see what audience member james lee defined innovation as during yesterday's #innovatefuture session here:
failure does not taint you. it's not shameful. it's something to learn from - avi hasson #amnc #wef
china in a nutshell, from growth, to military spending, to wine consumption.
#wef #amnc
a jazz improv is a fitting way to celebrate a creative and collaborative 3 days of sessions - a great end to the final day. #wef #amnc
some fantastic words from our #futureinnovation panel and audience - now for #amncclose with olivier schwab. #amnc #wef
#innovatefuture is defining the word 'innovation' - what does it mean for you? have your say now:
what does innovation mean to you? join our debate now at
#scienceinnovation providing #amnc with a new perspective on business - stream the session here:
.@arviatfilm thanks for your involvement - we're happy to see our efforts being appreciated by communities across the world. #wef #amnc
we want your questions on innovation for #innovatefuture - our last interactive session of the meeting!
wise words from min zhu in our #viewfromasia session - stream the action live from dalian here:
#viewfromasia's esteemed panel is discussing the global economic recovery - stream the session here:
fantastic observations on global business culture from #multilocal - we're back with #viewfromasia this afternoon. #amnc #wef
good insight on accommodating different cultures from #multilocal - share your thoughts on the subject here:
great thoughts on the balance between global marketing and local adaptation coming from #multilocal - stream here:
follow our #innovatefuture session later today with ma jun, @mazzucatom, @chriswashburne, nathan eagle @jana, hank wuh @trutags, @cakamanzi
multinationals: global ambitions, local responsibilities? join our interactive #multilocal session at
youth unemployment is at the core of the debate of #morejobs - stream the session live from dalian and get involved:
#morejobs is an interactive session - send in your questions for our panel using the session hashtag:
do we need to revamp education? we want your input for our #morejobs session. #amnc #wef
thanks to everyone involved in #aseaninnovation - next up, we have #morejobs. stream the action live at
day three of our summer davos #amnc in china! watch out for our interactive sessions, highlights and live quotes @wef #wef
top 10 quotes from dalian: part ii
.@arviatfilm's question on youth opportunities was answered by @carnegiemellon president subra suresh in #smartdev:
thank you for getting involved in #amnc today! your comments provided much food for thought. #wef
what does innovation mean to you? send us your input for our #innovatefuture session
.@africansa @schwabfound @wef was great to have you at #amnc - what has been your highlight so far?
great insight on asian energy consumption from #asiaenergy - follow @wef for session highlights or stream here:
our final session of the day, #asiaenergy, is underway. stream the action live from dalian here:
some fascinating insight into the role technology could play in fighting #incomeequality. next up, #asiaenergy.
don't forget to use the #incomeequality hashtag when commenting on our latest session.
how can we fight income inequality? watch our session
#wefinnovation is currently taking place at our meeting in dalian - hear our panel of experts speak here:
the future of europe is the next topic for debate at #amnc - stream #neweurope live here:
passionate about innovation? send us your questions for our #amnc expert panel, hashtag #innovatefuture
thanks to everyone who took part in a spirited debate on #abenomics - next up, #neweurope:
japan's fiscal future is the topic of our #abebnomics session. stream the action live here:
send us your questions on #abenomics and watch the debate on japan's future at
some great insight on china consumer trends being shared currently on #cnconsumer:
is #abenomics working? watch our debate at
our session on china's transformation is now live - get involved using the hashtag #cnconsumer.
it's day two of our summer davos #amnc in china! join our interactive sessions on twitter @wef. #wef
.@carnegiemellon's president, subra suresh, answered your question on youth development in #smartdev - see more here:
.@premier_redford answered your questions on energy consumption during #energyshifts. see what she had to say here:
.@witricity ceo eric giler on batteries:
china's premier li keqiang is now speaking at our summer davos #amnc, watch at
a prescient observation from the @iea's fatih birol. #wef #amnc
some stirring words on the problem of youth employment from #nextgrowth - next up, some words from li keqiang. #wef #amnc
what is "smart growth"? tweet your questions for our expert panel #nextgrowth #amnc #wef 
the debate over how to revamp existing business models is alive and kicking - stream #nextgrowth here:
great points made on china's financial outlook in #chinafinance - next up, the sustainability of current business models with #nextgrowth.
i dont care how big your data is, says @jeremyphoward
thank you for your great contributions to our smart development session #amnc #wef - plenty of food for thought. #smartdev
our experts are discussing the future of development #amnc #wef. any questions? hashtag: #energyshifts
send us your questions on smart development using the hashtag #smartdev!
some fascinating points raised during #nextea - thanks to all our participants who commented so astutely on proceedings. #wef #amnc
thanks for all your contributions to our discussion on asia so far - don't forget to use the #nextea hashtag when commenting. #amnc #wef
send us your questions on china, japan, korea relations for our #nextea session, starting shortly! #amnc #wef
send us your questions on japan's economy for our interactive #abenomics session with executives, policy-makers and researchers. #amnc #wef
thanks to all of #energyshift's participants - some great points raised on the future of energy. #amnc #wef
join live now #energyshifts session #amnc
#amnc is officially underway - join the debate on the future of energy investments using the hashtag #energyshifts
welcome to our "summer davos"! #amnc kicks off today in dalian, china. follow our live stream @wef #wef
what do you want to know about smart development? send us your questions using the #smartdev hashtag. #amnc #wef
we want your questions on energy trends and risks for our experts #amnc #wef! remember to use the#energyshifts hashtag.
thank you for your brilliant input on innovation #amnc #wef. what is innovation for you? send us your ideas using #innovatefuture!
how will we generate future growth? we welcome your questions on growth for our experts #amnc #wef! use the #nextgrowth hashtag.
premier li keqiang discusses #china's growth outlook:
which are the 10 most competitive economies in the asia-pacific region? #wef
send us your questions on relations between china, japan and korea for our east asia session #amnc #wef! please use the #nextea hashtag.
any questions on the widening income gap and global inequality? send them to us, hashtag #incomeequality, for #amnc #wef.
should we worry about china's public finances? four key challenges for china's fiscal health:
thank you for your insight on youth jobs! do send us your questions on job creation and education for  #amnc #wef. hashtag: #morejobs
what is innovation for you? we'll be using your replies at #amnc #wef later this week. please use the #innovatefuture hashtag!
thank you for your great questions on smart development, we are passing them on for #amnc #wef. keep them coming! hashtag: #smartdev
how do we train young people for the jobs of the future? send us your questions and ideas for #amnc in china using the #morejobs hashtag. #wef
is there too much pressure to create the perfect personal brand?
send us your questions for our experts on innovation and creativity using the #innovatefuture hashtag! #amnc
how can sub-saharan africa take advantage of its vast resources and young population to boost competitiveness?
send us your questions on the latest trends in the energy sector for our interactive session at #amnc in china, hashtag #energyshifts.
only a few days remain before the start of our "summer davos", #amnc in china! get involved in our interactive sessions. #wef
robust growth, low employment: what is switzerland's competitive secret?
can we teach creativity? innovation and new ideas will be central to our #amnc meeting in china #wef
1/3 of the world's population lives in south asia and south-east asia. the competitiveness gap between them is deep:
the real reason women are leaving wall street
the european union is split by a deep gap in competitiveness. how can the european union bridge the divide?
how can the world's top emerging economies lay the foundation for a prosperous future?
what is a competitive economy? discover who's ahead with our competitiveness tracker.
how competitive is the arab world?
the us is the 5th most competitive country in the world. how can it keep its edge?
which country has the world's most competitive economy? read our global competitiveness report 2013-2014:
why #amish newspapers are thriving in the digital age. would you invest in niche publishing?
can abenomics save asia?
are emerging economies prepared to weather market turmoil?
not a risk-taker? you could be the perfect entrepreneur.
can #designers help policy-makers put people first? #wef
"should we be terrified about asia all over again?" asks @nytimeskrugman. what do you think?
is peer-to-peer lending back?
how do you manage someone you don't like? experts share top tips. #wef
scientists have grown miniature human brains. what do you think?
can a free #bike help girls stay in school? in india, free bikes boosted enrolment by 30%. 
is it better to sell or donate medical devices?
researchers linked their brains - and one made the other's fingers move:
producing 1kg meat requires up to 20,000 litres of water. how can we save water?
why can't robots think and feel like us? find out about the robot brain
50 years ago, martin luther king proclaimed "i have a dream". witnesses recall the day:
how can we fight fake drugs? one innovator's answer: tiny, edible identity tags. @trutags #wef @techpioneers
wearable solar cells? a vaccine against addiction? find out how the #wef @techpioneers are changing the world #tp2014
congratulations to the #wef @techpioneers for their inspiring work! how can we nurture innovation? #tp2014
who are the world's top innovators? meet the #wef @techpioneers 2014. #tp2014
america's fastest-growing small/medium firms are owned by #women. what's their secret? #wef
how do you build a dream team? top managers share their advice.
can a common birthday reduce cultural prejudice?
gender parity could boost japan's gdp by 14%: how japan is trying to tap the economic potential of women.
nasa shows how it would capture an asteroid:
what can #artists teach us about the future of our cities? ? #wef
three simple, low-cost ways to boost your small business website.
can social media platforms replace #banks? #wef
20 types of strawberry jam? researchers find that in consumer choice, more is more.
rt @amonck: welcome angel gurria of @oecd and @donaldkaberuka of @afdb_group on joining @davos #wef foundation board
top tips for getting into an #economics phd programme - even if you're weak in maths.
can apps eradicate poverty? or is it time to appreciate low-tech gurus? #wef 
how to make your work more meaningful: a sense of higher purpose can boost health and happiness. @harvardbiz
are we letting ignorance shape public policy? #wef
digital economy uses 10% of world's electricity - combined output of germany and japan. can we clean the cloud? @time
what does the bean sprout indicator tell us about japan's economy? #wef @wsj @japanrealtime
in praise of laziness: can doing less boost productivity?
@nomfundosarah follow @davos for daily discussions around economics, science, business, education and more; @wef for live tweets from summits!
can bitcoin slash the price of online news? #wef
is the "natural rate of #unemployment" an out-of-date concept? #wef
are we giving working-class young people the tools to succeed in college? #wef
what did winston churchill, ernest hemingway and leonardo da vinci have in common? #wef
how can #germany tackle social #inequality? #wef
are #entrepreneurs better off putting their money in other people's businesses? #wef
thank you for joining our discussions on twitter, facebook and google+ this week - lots of great insight and thought-provoking comments! #wef
#music as medicine: can we use the healing power of chopin and bach on a national scale? #wef
best-paid us women still earn 18% less than men. why is the #gender pay gap so persistent? #wef
could a light bulb powered by bacteria illuminate the world's poorest homes? #wef
is this #mumbai slum the world's biggest business incubator? 1 mln inhabitants. 10 000 start-ups. #wef
three ways #germany can kick-start #growth in europe. what are your thoughts? @guntramwolff #wef
top ten #socialmedia tips for businesses, part ii: pitfalls and practicalities @shanerichmond #wef
"helping print journalism is a cause de jour among the tech elite." can tech tycoons save the press? @nytimes #wef
job equality for women would boost egypt's gdp growth by 34%. do women hold the key to arab prosperity? #wef
top ten social media tips for businesses, by @shanerichmond #wef #socialmedia
how do we settle the war for water? #wef
do modern companies need managers? #wef
could virtual cash be a new form of currency? #wef
what do companies make of millennials? find out what some of them have to say here: 
#wef
a swedish lab has created impossible materials. what could be built from them? #wef 

what url would you use for your company? the chances are, you wont get it. #wef
these amazing pictures show just how much shanghai has changed in 26 years: #wef
are the old economies finally bouncing back? #wef
should we be worried about the slowdown in chinas economy? 
could angel technologies keep you from your bad habits? #wef
scientists have unveiled the worlds first synthetic burger. would you eat lab-grown meat? #wef
who will emerge as the big players now that space travel has been commercialized? #wef
is the answer for japan more reform? #wef
what does detroit tell us about how to manage declining cities? #wef
how can technological tools and behavioural science help us become the people we want to be? #wef
how can we stimulate the most ambitious kind of innovation? #wef
are you ever too old to start your own company? #wef
with the economic crisis making it harder to find jobs, would you be more willing to create a start-up? #wef
how many people do you think are living without electricity today? #wef
could robots save japans economy? #wef
which of the fastest growing industries in 2013 do you think will emerge as frontrunner? #wef
are cyber attacks the new threat to supply chains? #wef
should we really be worried about chinas slowdown? #wef
could genetic modification save floridas oranges? #wef
the world of work has changed, but has the pension system kept up? read more here. #wef
are nordic countries still a smart investment? #wef
cyprus continues to see its economy shrink. what measures are needed to reverse this trend? #wef
how effectively are corporations protecting themselves against hackers? #wef
how effectively are corporations protecting themselves against hackers? #wef
is your password among the most common? #wef
charles emmerson discusses the future of the arctic: #wef
will the arctics economic time bomb shape the global agenda? #wef
find out how much your region is investing in green energy: #wef
what ways do you think 3d printing will transform business? #wef
the 2014 tech pioneers will be announced on august 27. who are the tech pioneers? find out in this video: #wef
how innovative do you think your country is? this graph shows where innovation is thriving: #wef
video: ehud barak on the way forward for the middle east.
will the brics hit a brick wall?
does welfare make us unemployment worse?
how can the world's largest democracy protect internet freedom? #wef
could india soon have its own facebook? #wef
is the european banking sector too large? daniel gros on the forum:blog
in todays economic landscape, is the word bubble used too carelessly? #wef
nobel laureate michael spence has a breakthrough idea on globalization and unemployment. #wef
can we predict the next financial crisis? #wef
would there be greater reward if innovation were decentralized? #wef
how can  immigrants foster innovation and entrepreneurship? #wef
what do companies need to do to protect themselves against cyberattacks? #wef
is cybertheft threatening higher education in america? #wef
how can social network data help fight disease? #wef
how will myanmar build its own digital frontier? #wef
should the european central bank start again from scratch? #wef
the world urbanises at a rate of 2 million people per week. how big is too big for a city? #wef
how can china get the right kind of growth? #wef
how can the arab region create decent and productive jobs? #wef
how can the eu increase prospects for young europeans? andr sapir offers some insight: #wef
today the oecd launch their employment outlook report 2013. how do you think we can get the world back to work? #wef
were looking for designs to showcase at mit on 22 july and want your submissions. find out more here
can the european central bank control interest rates?
huguette labelle of transparency international talks about the global agenda:
the imf have published their world economic outlook. what does the future hold for the global economy?
how can we align the agendas of business, governments and civil society to combat corruption?


how can we increase transparency? here are some ideas from the regional director of transparency international:
ever wondered what the world economic forum does outside of davos? find out here:
what is the worlds population right at this moment?

yesterday was world population day. can you imagine 7 billion people? this site has put all of them on one page:
how can asian nations prepare for an ever aging population?

as the world's population continues to grow, we are facing a planetary emergency, writes stephen emmott.
can maths predict what will happen in your city next?

with 1 billion people expected to be living in chinese cities by 2030, how will china cope with rapid urbanization?

7 billion and growing: what are the consequences of world population growth?

the schwab foundation is now accepting applications to join their network.
how can we promote more women to leadership positions?
could sharing research unlock the next technology boom?

the old economies strike back - read more on our forum:blog:
listen to the leading voices who shaped the debate at the world economic forum on latin america 2013.
how can the eu improve its youth unemployment rate of over 23%?
should the financial sector be concerned about the long-term effects of low interest rates?
what is the role of government in a time of continuing austerity, mass protests and social upheaval?
fast future: how the millennial generation is shaping our world:
rt @wefrisk what does it mean to be a #resilient organisation? lee howell discusses with @pwc_llp.
can america get more by taxing business less?
how should european leaders make jobs for the 12.1% of people who are unemployed?
the fight to reduce climate change is resulting in healthier and wealthier cities - read more here:
klaus schwab welcomes @secgen ban ki-moon to the world economic forum offices in geneva #wef
what do you think the effects of increased migration have been on the global economy?
what lies ahead for croatia as the country becomes the eu's 28th member today? @businesshr @poslovni
have markets become too dependent on central bank support? read more here:
did deregulation destroy spain's banks? read more on our forum:blog:
how has the ipod become a symbol of the competitiveness revolution? find out on forum:blog
10 african economies have issued eurobonds, collectively raising $8.1 billion. read more on our forum:blog:
toxic air has been an unwanted by-product of chinas impressive economic growth - what now?
yesterday, #wef convened fortune 100 ceos with president @fhollande who shared his vision 2025 for france
libor verdict: a rotten egg for british bankers? read more on our forum:blog:
can a re-shuffle re-energize the russian economy? read more here: 
filipino finance minister cesar purisima seeks to spread impressive growth to all citizens:
global markets may not be ready for the fed reserves decision to reduce stimulus packages. see more here:
bell bajao shows how just lifting a finger can help stop domestic violence. find out more here:
innovation-driven entrepreneurship is key to unlocking the potential of young people. read more on our forum:blog:
creativity must be harnessed across all sectors and all levels for the public good - read more here:
deutschland findet euch used technology to create the largest network for tracing missing children
japan grew by 3.5% in q1 of 2013 - see how abenomics can continue this progress on our forum:blog here:
steps for water aimed to put a stop to the deaths of children from waterborne diseases:
"no one deserves to be a refugee"  read chris steiple on the forum:blog on @un world refugee day:

our "creative for good" initiative has been featured in the @nytimes  - read more here:
this infographic provides information on the top ten risks facing global business in 2013:
@enova, run by one of our social entrepreneurs of the year, is using technology to educate low-income citizens:
has the it revolution failed to produce economic growth? see more here:
.@rodbeckstrom asks: could a safer internet create a safer world? - read it on our forum:blog:
exports across southeast asia are slowing down, with malaysia facing a trade deficit for the first time in 16 years:
competitive devaluation is at the heart of the upcoming g8 summit - read more on it via our forum:blog:

chile is using venture capitalism tactics to defy global recession. see more on our forum:blog:
governments and consumers are losing billions to cyberattacks each year - how can this threat be reduced?
china is still the fastest growing market for the worlds top 100 brands. find out more about progress made here:
us$ 1 trillion was spent fighting cybercrime and cyberespionage last year - read more on our forum:blog:
the european commission have launched an "action plan" to revive its steel industry - see more here:
@lapseu thank you luis - have a great weekend too.
the price of commodities has changed dramatically since the 50s - see this infographic for more details:
dr. dang kim son spoke with us about the role of smallholder farmers in asia last week at #ea13 - see more here:
economic incentives for an internet-savvy workforce can help drive competitiveness and reduce unemployment:
new technology has the potential to allow everyone to become part of the global information society. see more here:
connected devices could help open opportunities for new business models and social good:
closed-door policies can reduced the efficacy of the internet, the most rapidly evolving system in human history:
today is the launch of "the innovation engine" - a full infographic detailing the future of the internet:
sustainable energy advocate vineet mittal caught up with us to talk energy access at #ea13 - see more here:
this infographic comparing the us and chinese economies makes for interesting reading. see more here:
with chinas exports rising by just 1% in may, analysts have been reassessing growth estimates for the country: 
former political prisoner zin mar aung answered your questions on accountability during #ea13. see more here:
cities located in asia should be investing more in urban resilience. see more from our forum:blog here:
#ea13 produced many great sound bites in myanmar - here are some of the best:
mt @borgebrende: in 2006 us was largest trading partner for 127 countries; china for 70. 2012? us: 76; china: 127
cambodias garment industry is booming, defying global trends to become the countrys biggest export. see more here:
asian farmers need unions and access to technology to improve their living conditions. see more on the forum:blog:
@adeccosingapores ian grundy shared his thoughts on fair labour with us last week in myanmar. see the video here:
"i do not have any sense of revenge. but justice is really important." - zin mar aung
do you think aung san suu kyi can become president of myanmar?
where livestock is too costly to slaughter, fish replaces red meat as the main source of protein - see more here:
our oceans need a ministry of ocean affairs - read more on our forum:blog here:
75% of europes fish stocks and 25% of the worlds are already overfished - read more on our forum:blog here:
weve produced a video to celebrate world oceans day - see it here:
your questions, voiced to @bbcnikgowing during #earisks, sparked debate throughout the session. see more here:
watch our film for world oceans day
amazing words from our #ea13 closing plenary participants to round up a truly special meeting - see you all in manila next year. #wefclose
our #ea13 closing plenary, #wefclose, features @tonyfernandes, @palakuthriao and @helenclarkundp - stream it here:
great insight on cross-sector issues affecting myanmar's working population at #myanmarjobs - stream here:
aung san suu kyi is speaking on employment and education at #myanmarjobs - stream the session live from #ea13:
we're back shortly at #ea13 to discuss employment in myanmar - stream the session live here:
we met with @johnriady at #ea13 to discuss the effects of economic transformation on values in asia. see more here:
following a period of slow economic growth, thailand has joined a global wave of monetary easing. see more here:
many thanks to @airasia's tony fernandes, @glipman and @sebfriends for contributing to #eatourism at #ea13. an insightful debate.
we're discussing new models for travel and tourism in southeast asia. stream the session live here:
some great insight on finance from #eafinclusion - next up at #ea13, a look at making tourism sustainable:
were live from nay pyi taw for the final day of #ea13 - take a last look at our programming schedule here:
southeast asia has the potential to become a global tourism brand. see how it can achieve this via our forum:blog:
got a question on employment for our #myanmarjobs session, featuring aung san suu kyi and @nhk_asianvoices? let us know.
"i believe in people's right to redeem themselves" - aung san suu kyi
asean countries are developing rapidly - see this infographic for more details:
our press conference with myanmar's daw aung san suu kyi is now live - stream it here:
thank you to all our participants in #earisks - next up at #ea13, we have a press conference with daw aung san suu kyi. #assk
#ea13 is live from myanmar - send in your questions on risk in east asia using the session hashtag #earisks:
@bluniall and @bbcnikgowing join us for #earisks, where we'll be accepting live questions on twitter. stream it here:
a huge thank you to everyone involved with #ealongview - your insight on myanmar was invaluable. #ea13
if you have questions for our upcoming #earisks session, now is the time to start sharing them with us using the session hashtag.
our upcoming #earisks session is accepting live questions on twitter - start sending in your questions for our participants now.
we're broadcasting #ealongview in collaboration with @cnbc - stream it here:
@helenclarkundp is speaking on myanmar's economic opportunities at #ealongview. stream the session live here:
thanks to @ianbremmer for providing some expert insight on #wefopen - and to all the leaders involved in the summit. #ea13
@wef founder klaus schwab is currently speaking at #wefopen - stream the session live from myanmar here:
southeast asia has an appetite for technology, with people there showing a strong interest in new online services:
thanks to everyone who participated in #myanmarfuture - join us after lunch for the #ea13 opening ceremony:
elsewhere at #ea13, we have @bbcnikgowing moderating our #myanmarfuture session soon - stream it here:
some great points gleaned on asean economies from #eatrade - thanks to all participants and @bloombergnews's rishaad salamat.
@bloombergnews's rishaad salamat is moderating our #eatrade session - stream it live here:
day 2 of #ea13 is about to begin, starting with #roleofbiz and #eatrade - stream the latter here:
this @worldbank infographic illustrates how natural disasters could affect densely populated regions like east asia:
myanmar's rural poor could benefit from policies used in other asian countries. see more on our forum:blog here:
#ea13 is officially underway in myanmar - see our full schedule for details of upcoming sessions:
east asias dependency on food imports could increase in the future. see more via this infographic:
.@angelamaiers we're glad you share our viewpoint angela. thanks for your feedback.
myanmar must build on its economic momentum to fully develop its potential. read more from our forum:blog here:
the filipino economy grew by 7.8% in q1 of 2013 - outstripping even china. see more on the countrys growth here:
japan is committed to increasing its presence within the association of south-east asian nations (asean). read here:
what questions do you have for participants in our from social protection to financial inclusion session? #eainclusion
the @worldbanks economic update on east asia and the pacific warns of the need to invest in infrastructure:
what questions do you have for our #ea13 participants on risks affecting east asian economies? let us know. #eacontext
asia welcomed 233m international visitors in 2012. how can east asian leaders ensure that tourism is developed in a sustainable way?
we want your input on our "long term view" session at #ea13 - how can myanmar develop its economy? let us know what you think. #ealongview
the trans-pacific partnership could include china - how would this affect global trade patterns?
economic growth remains high in asia, though the imf has predicted slower growth for 2013. read more here:
last year, @imfnews released an insightful video on asias development - what has changed since?
.@markhillary thank you for your input mark.
singapores financial markets have rallied recently, but how would you diversify its economy in the future?
thanks to a combination of public and private investment, thailands economy is booming. see more here:

@fpcchampagne @mrc_44 @thecic its influence in global markets continues to grow - fascinating to think where it will be in 10 years.
.@jaimedebourbon we look forward to seeing you in myanmar jaime.
rt @wefrisk 2013
rt @wefgac 2013
sino-indian trade continues to flourish, with a bilateral target of us$100 billion set for 2015. read more here:
at our #mena13 meeting we asked our social communities for questions. this came from twitter user @basheersalaytah
here is another community question being answered at our #mena13 event. this time from @bedriyehulya
watch the response to @naderabdelkader's question asked at our #mena13 event:
the theme for our meeting in myanmar is "courageous transformation for inclusion and integration". read about it here
.@dwaughray is currently participating in a @momentum_unfccc qanda 
live now @dwaughray is participating in a @momentum_unfccc qanda 
klaus schwab on how business leaders from israel and the palestinian territories are pushing for peace
.@dwaughray is participating in a @momentum_unfccc qanda at 3pm cet today.
read day 3 of #mena13's top quotes here:
our "breaking the impasse" session in #jordan will start in about 10 minutes #mena13 #wefbti #wef
watch our #mena13 clip on investing in healthcare here:
watch shimon peres, mahmoud abbas, john kerry and king abdullah live together now at
send us your questions on energy for our #mena13 participants using #wefenergy
send us your questions on energy for our #mena13 participants using #wefenergy
make sure you tweet your questions on energy for our #mena13 session on the topic using #wefenergy
our press conference with israeli and palestinian business leaders regarding breaking the impasse starts in 5 minutes:
our #mena13 session on energy will be starting shortly. send us your questions using #wefenergy
liveblog: safeguarding syria - follow ian bremmer live on forum:blog 
thanks to everyone who was involved in our session on a new vision for arab employment. #wefemployment #mena13
@basheersalaytah did you hear the answer to your question? we'll be producing a film clip of the answer to share online.
hi @bedriyehulya did you see the answer to your question? we will be producing a film clip of the question being put to the panel. #mena13
catch up on day 2 of our #mena13 session in jordan with these top ten quotes from the day:
we'll be taking questions from twitter for #mena13 a new vision for arab employment. let us know what you want answered with #wefemployment
our session on a new vision for arab employment is starting soon. let us know your questions with #wefemployment
"the time is ripe for the whole region to live in peace" - nabil elaraby
@wef @naderabdelkader we will also be creating a short film of the question and answer, to be shared next week.
mena region economies are expected to moderate during 2013. read more here:
we've just answered @naderabdelkader's question from the community. do you have a question? tweet at us with #weffp
you can still send in your questions for our #mena13 session on foreign policy. let us know what you would like asking with #weffp
do you have a question for our #mena13 panel on foreign policy? tweet it to us, using #weffp
our #mena13 session on foreign policy is now live. watch it here
our session, the foreign policy outlook will be starting shortly. tweet your questions with #weffp
you can follow our session #wefgovernance here:
thanks for the great contributions of everybody who participated in our #weftransition session. #mena13
send us your questions on partnerships for economies in transition using #weftransition watch the session live here:
you can suggest questions for our current #mena13 panel. watch it here:
our next session of #mena13 will be starting soon. put your questions to the panel with #weftransition
in less than an hour our session on partnerships for economies in transition will be starting. send us your questions with #weftransition
which is the most competitive country in the arab world?
our session on advancing growth and resilience will be starting shortly. you can follow it here:
well be accepting live questions for many of our sessions throughout #mena13 - join the debate using our hashtags throughout the day. #wef
our fist official session of #mena13 will be starting shortly. you can follow it all here:
the need of citizens in the political process. -shaper from yemen. #wefweb
top 5 risks selected for priority - war spill over, corruption, youth unemployed, poor economic integration, threat to biz. #wefweb
obligation of global community is to support local community for long term dealing with syria spill over. #wefweb
corruption is the original sin -collyns, us #wefweb
policy makers are not clear on what resiliency is. they are short term thinkers. - babst, nato #wefweb
education is about realising one's self, about what kind of life one wants to lead. #wefweb
how does one build a resilient community not just for a single catastrophe, but for ones that last generations. #wefweb
big choices in the role of woman, the role of govt vs big biz, where to invest etc. #wefweb
resiliency - how fast can one adapt after catastrophe. - makhoul, mmc #wefweb
spill over from war states affects other concerns including agriculture and education. #wefweb
what are the major risks facing the mena region. - ramdani, journalist #wefweb
the world is set to warm up by 2c  what can mena region countries do to prevent this?

1              
3              

levels of direct investment in africa and the middle east have changed over the years. see how here:
foreign companies are beginning to forge partnerships directly with middle eastern governments. read more here:
@u____u thanks for your input mak. will you be following #mena13?
@u____u hi mak, this is a suggestion of 5 principles to follow as a starting point. would you add anything?
turkey's economy has been modernizing rapidly - how can mena region countries make the same progress?
just 17.7% of mena adults have access to a bank account - how would you increase financial inclusion in the region?
our connected world report deals with overburdened transport systems and hyperconnectivity. read more here:
mena leaders are responding to the challenge of transforming social momentum into governmental policy. see more here:
how do you think iraqis can diversify jobs away from the public sector and oil?
.@aloraibi we look forward to seeing you in amman mina.
congratulations to @asiasociety on its new president @josettesheeran:
got a question for our #mena13 participants on foreign policy? we want to hear it. #weffp
our #mena13 session on transitional economies is missing your voice. let us know what questions you have for. #weftransition
with egypt's real gdp growth slumping to just 2.2%, what measures would you promote to tackle the country's crisis? 
our #mena13 meeting commences this week in jordan. read the full programme schedule here:
what sectors do you think the arab maghreb unions investment bank should concentrate on?

how can countries in the middle east and north africa encourage start-ups to grow within the region?
let us know what questions you have on foreign policy for our #mena13 participants. #weffp
countries in north africa should aspire to achieve gender parity, according to @bacheletjeria. see more here:
the uae is the "trade gate to the middle east". see why via this infographic.
.@cobbo3 the ethical environment mentioned in your previous tweet.
.@cobbo3 thank you for your feedback charles. how would you cultivate such an environment?
what sectors should mena countries look to in order to modernize their economies? what policies would you suggest?
how would you unlock the private sector in countries within the middle east and north africa? #mena13 #wef
.@calestous the pleasure was all ours. we look forward to hearing your insight on #mena2013's sessions as well.
.@calestous thank you for your insightful article on africa's economic future - we throroughly enjoyed it.
what would you do to develop emerging economies like iraq? what sectors would you focus your efforts on?
saudi arabia has its first female lawyer. read more on arwa al-hujaili here:

moroccos investments in infrastructure have increased tourism, boosting its economy. read more here:
the theme for our next forum is "advancing conditions for growth and resilience". what questions would you like answered? #wef #mena13
"development and conflict do not go together" - jacob g. zuma
the competition between abu dhabi and dubai is resulting in unprecedented growth. read more here:
qatar solar technologies are one of many companies in the region making inroads in solar power. see more here:
trade regulations and poor infrastructure are standing in the way of african economies. read more on our forumblog:
were conducting a poll on alternative energy sources for the middle east. have your say here.
"africa's progress was not derailed by the financial crisis" - david a. lipton
find out more about @queenranias philanthropic efforts on her @forbes profile here:
how would you inspire a sense of togetherness in the countries that make up the maghreb?
@desertec's moroccan energy project has fallen through - where should it now focus its efforts?
organic compost is healing the damage done by chemical fertilizers in mauritius. see more here:
how can north african leaders ensure that the desertification of the sahel does not continue at its current rate?
what african countries do you think sweden should diversify their trade into?
is solar power an energy source that north africa and the middle east should be looking to next?
how will nomadic tribes like the tuareg be affected by north african economic development?
female farmers were a point bought up by you for our #af13 panel - here's how they responded:
billions of locusts are making their way across north africa - what are the implications for the economy?
the un and the itfc have signed a treaty to create jobs and reduce poverty through trade reforms: 

how do you think the tech market will grow in north africa over the next 5 years?

female land ownership was point put to our panel at #af13 by you - see how they responded: 


how should africas countries innovate farming techniques to increase yields and efficiency?
how would you solve the ongoing water crisis in east africa?
how would you solve the ongoing water crisis in east africa?
@nomalarias battle to fight disease in sub-saharan africa continues - see the progress made here:
thank you to everyone who made #af13 so insightful - we hope you found our sessions informative, and see you all in nigeria next year.
this is your final chance to get involved with #af13 - send in your questions for our current session with the #africafuture hashtag.
have your questions on #wefafricanoutlook answered live by our #af13 panel - join in the debate and send in your questions now.
send in your questions on #wefafricaoutlook - your feedback on the subject is welcomed and encouraged.
#wefafricaoutlook is live from cape town - send in your questions for our panel and stream it here:
#africapartners is now broadcasting live from #af13 - stream the action live from cape town here:
what was your favourite quote from day 2 of #af13? choose from our top 10 at our forum blog here:
"our most precious and most abundant asset is our people" - nkosazana clarice dlamini-zuma
our first livestream of the day will be "africa 2063: from fragility to stability" - see the full schedule here: 
"the brics bank must be in africa" - jacob g. zuma
how could governments inspire future generations to be as creative as gnration elili?
will kenya's production of oil affect the geopolitics of region? if so, how? 
thank you to all those who made today's #af13 sessions as lively and insightful as they were. we look forward to seeing you all tomorrow.
got a question for our #af13 for our #wefgovernance panel? send in your tweets now.
we are live from #af13 - send us your questions on #wefgovernance for the consideration of the panel.
we will be accepting live questions for our session on governance best practice - remember to use #wefgovernance when asking questions.
a reminder to all - please use the hashtag #wefagriculture when asking your questions for our current #af13 session. thank you.
the debate on #wefagriculture is missing your voice - tweet your questions for a chance to see them answered live on @cnbcafrica. #af13
#wefagriculture is now live and being broadcast on @cnbcafrica - send in your questions and watch it live here:
@cnbcafrica is our co-host for #wefagriculture - tweet your questions at us for a chance to see them answered live by the panel. #af13
#wefagriculture is being broadcast live on @cnbc - tweet your questions to the panel for a chance to have them answered on air. #af13
next up, we have #wefagriculture with @cnbc - tweet in your questions for a chance to have them answered by our #af13 panel.
great news for women and girls in developing countries--@gavialliance to roll out #hpv vaccines
a huge thank you to @afdb_group, @imfnews, @sapresident and @_africanunion for an insightful #af13 session. #wefbrics
we're live from #af13 with "building with brics" and @sapresident - stream the session live here
its day 2 of #af13 - heres a last-minute recap of todays livestream sessions:
2004s "into africa with kofi annan" showed a continent affected by civil war. how have things changed since?
this infographic expertly breaks down the details of africas economic growth. see it in full here:
with our #wefagriculture session happening tomorrow afternoon co-hosted by @cnbc, we need your questions on investing in innovation. #af13
today sees the start of #af13 - take a look at the full programme of sessions and participants here:
how can leaders make sure that technology empowers africas youth, as opposed to distracting it?

the debate on africas future is missing your voice. let us know what you want answered at #af13 here.
what questions do you have on africas economic outlook for our upcoming #af13 session? let us know.
africas "zonal champions" are the tastemakers for an emerging african middle class. read more here:
we want your questions on governance best practice for #af13. let us know what you want answered.
more and more tech hubs are springing up over africa. see them here:
south africans are turning to private security in crime-affected areas like johannesburg. is this the right option?
will internal conflict prevent africa from fully realizing its economic potential in the long term?
is chinas continued financial aid to africa nothing more than a charm offensive? let us know what you think.
initiatives like the roger federer foundation are changing the way young africans are educated. see more here:
african mba graduates are returning to the continent in record numbers - see more via this infographic.
2010s witness - the colony examined the effects of chinese globalization in africa. has anything changed since?
is the uks decision to halt south african foreign aid packages the right decision? what do you think?
the africa capacity indicators report 2013 shows how countries can utilize their natural resources:
with chinese workers unionizing, could africa be the replacement for low-cost goods manufacturers?
women in africa are "leaning in", realizing their potential in the workplace. read more here:
our #af13 event is missing your voice on governance best practice. let us know what you want answered here.
africa is starting to look internally with its investments, but which sectors would you urge companies to start with?

south africa still faces problems of uneven wealth distribution. how would you combat them?
what technology stands the best chance of pushing africa forward in terms of social innovation?

have a question on the future of africa for our #af13? we want to hear it. let us know what youd like answered.
"our destiny is to come together as a region" - alicia barcena ibarra
high borrowing rates and bureaucracy have been holding kenyas economy back. how would you improve it?
east africas new fibre network means internet no longer needs to be routed from europe. read more here:
brazils commitment to deforestation/growing was praised by our twitter followers. see more here:
what questions would you like to ask to the participant at our #af13 "africa economic outlook" session?
our manufacturing for growth report illustrates how policymakers and heads of industry should work together:
"in the future, we want latin america to work like europe, with one visa for the whole region" - rafael roncagliolo
@fastjets expansion is made more exceptional by the fact that africas airlines are going bankrupt. read more here:
women are the backbone of the african economy - this infographic explains why companies should invest in them:
how would you improve africas transport and postal service?
have a question for our "africa 2013: from fragility to stability" session at #af13? we want to hear it.
"the crisis is an opportunity for latin american integration" - @felipelarrain
intra-african trade is not as widespread as it used to be. what can african countries do to change this?
africas rural workforce is increasingly female, despite being poorly treated compared to their urban counterparts.

us gun imports are bad news for latin americas security according to @gr_naranjo - see more here:
has africas sheer size/geography hindered its development? see how it compares to other continents here:
has africas sheer size/geography hindered its development? see how it compares to other continents here:
@gr_naranjo spoke eloquently about social exclusion at our event last week. see him in action here:
what effect do you think angolas us$ 1 billion eurobond will have on africas second largest economy?
"the right to education is a fundamental principle" - @valerieamos
we want your questions on women in the workplace for our #af13 participants - let us know what you want answered.
africas youngest billionaire @ashishjthakkar is a businessman and philanthropist. read more on his story here:
"we need a silicon valley for the amazon" - juan carlos castilla-rubio
a selection of #la13's most memorable day 2 quotes can be found on our forum blog - which one stood out for you?
south africa has recently received huge financial investment - what sectors would you put your money in?

africa's lack of electricity is holding it back in key areas. see exactly where these are here:

the debate over africas economy at #af13 needs your voice. let us know what youd like to see answered.
do you think african governments should be doing more to evenly distribute their nations new found wealth?
@forbes reports on @justsheaghana - a social enterprise helping young working women. read more here:
should western nations be doing to more to stimulate africas economy? let us know your thoughts on the subject.
african economic growth is outpacing the world average this year - why do you think this is?

which african countries are best equipped to develop a tech hub similar to that of south africas?
"africa rising" raises questions about the effects of the west's policy on the continent. watch it in full here:
are african governments doing enough to promote gender equality? let us know what you think.
we want your input on investing in africa for our #af13 event. what questions would you like to see answered?
thank you to everyone involved in #la13 - your insight was invaluable. were now looking forward to #af13:
are foreign contractors the long-term answer to the management and distribution of africas natural resources? #af13
are chinas natural resource holdings in latin america benefiting local economies?

grow to include. include to grow @ollanta_humalat speaking at #wef #la13
#latamfuture is the final session of #la13, featuring both @valerieamos and @morenobid. stream it live here:
elsewhere, we have #newfinance featuring @accion_global amongst others. stream it live from #la13 here:
utecs potable water generator is being tested in #la13 host city lima. see the results here:
we're joined by #wef participant @gr_naranjo for #naranjoinsight - stream the session live from #la13 here:
next up on our programming schedule, we have #middleclass - stream the session live from #la13 here:
social entrepreneur paul polak (@outofpoverty) is joining us for #polakinsight - stream his #la13 session here:
first up today at #la13, we're discussing drugs policy at #drugsknot - stream the session live at:
were only hours away from one of our key #la13 sessions - this is your last chance to send in questions for oscar naranjo.
what questions would you like to see answered in our upcoming #af13 event? let us know.
is latin america doing enough to preserve the rainforests as seen in coracao do brasil? what do you think?
the @imfnews world economic outlook predicts significant economic growth in latin america this year. read more here:
we will also be streaming #enginesofgrowth live from the plenary hall at #la13 - watch the session here:
#wefamazon is our next session - join the discussion at #la13 via our live stream here:
next up, we've got #latamcontext at #la13 - stream the session live here:
an excellent discussion from #latamgrowth - #wefsocialentrepeneurs and @hildeschwab are up next. stream here:
an insightful discussion from #bernbauminsight. next up at #la13, we have #latamgrowth - stream it shortly here:
edwin bernbaum is due to speak at #la13 shortly - follow @wef for live updates and stream it here:
wondering what #la13 sessions we are streaming live? view a full programming schedule here:
this is your last chance to submit a question to one of our #la13 participants on the amazon - let us know.
with the first of our #la13 sessions hours away, be sure to follow @wef for live updates from lima.
we want your questions on the future of the amazon for our #la13 participants. what questions do you have?
uncontacted tribes are a reminder of how economic policy should take into account environmental preservation.
"smart" security is the future for the americas security forces. read more via our blog here: 
well be joined by security expert oscar naranjo at #la13. leave your public security questions for him here.
want to know exactly what's going on at #la13 this week? here's a programme of all sessions and participants:
want live updates on our forum sessions? follow #la13 events in realtime with our sister profile @wef.
how do you think ongoing urbanization will affect latin americas relationships with its indigenous population?
@juanccas says deforestation has no link to economic growth and must stop, ahead of tomorrows #la13 forum.
which themes would yould like to see oscar naranjo address at #la13? let us know what you think.
were conducting a poll on the countries worst affected by the extraction of natural resources. have your say here:
@landfillharmoni is an example of how latin american countries can overcome economic hardship in ingenious ways.
have a question for oscar naranjo on military conflict in latin america for our #la13 event? we want to hear them.
social cohesion is vital to poverty reduction. what themes should be addressed at #la13 to achieve this?
find out how small-scale coffee growers in colombia have cornered an industry:

latin america is increasingly looking towards asia as a trading partner. how will this affect the rest of the world?
the @wwfs database of amazon imagery illustrates what will be lost in the face of deforestation. take a look here:

our next event, #af13, will be taking place in cape town between 8-10 may. take a look at the full programme here:
preparing for our la13 sessions? look no further than this @wb_research report on post-recession fiscal policy:  
is the ongoing colombian-farc conflict symbolic of pan-regional trends? let us know what you think.
technology and the global economy are two assets that can, and should be, merged for mutual benefit. read more here:
mexicos manufacturing industry is enjoying a high-tech renaissance. what do you think has contributed to this?

latin americas airlines are staying aloft against the odds. how could other industries learn from this?

@amonck's summary of the reinhart rogoff discussion is essential reading. take a look via our blog here:
we want your opinion on brazils upcoming fifa world cup tournament. will it be an economic success?
will chiles economy continue to prosper, or will it fall into decline? let us know what you think.
a world-leader in commodity production, latin america suffers from social inequality. how would you change this?
can immunization reach every child?  - seth berkley on forum:blog @gaviseth
which south american country do you think would benefit most from investment in clean energy from @idbnews?

we'll be discussing the future of the amazon at #la13 next week. let us know if you have any questions for our participants?
for the first time, brazils domestic workforce has rights. is this the start of a workplace revolution?
what do you think are the biggest threats to south americas ongoing stability? have your say on our facebook page:
the votes are in, with brazil emerging as the clear favourite to become south americas most powerful nation. why do you think this is?
former head of colombia's police, general oscar naranjo, will be answering your questions at #la13. what would you like to ask him?
our breakdown of latin americas 5 most competitive countries is a must read prior to #la13. find it here:
what are the biggest challenges facing venezuela's new government? via @bloombergnews:

our global information technology report is still available to download. digest it in full here:
economics can be inspirational and exciting. just ask our founder, klaus schwab. via @bbcnews
thanks for your input olivier @rwama
thanks for your comments and input @oli_m_r
ten facts about latin america makes for fascinating reading in the lead up to #la13:
you said education, infrastructure and corruption are the top 3 issues facing brazil. how would you deal with them?
many nations are experiencing recession in different ways but which are learning to live with austerity?via @nouriel 
the amazon basins wealth of natural resources are its own worst enemy. witness the destruction first hand here: 

ultra low interest rates spell bad news for economies in the long term. read about the risks via our blog here: 
were conducting a poll on problems facing brazil in the run up to the 2014 elections. join the debate here:
a hero in colombia, oscar naranjo is an example of how police/military can work together to fight disorder.

stop pretending, start fighting corruption - @salva_paiz on forum:blog
rt @wefgac global experts poll: economic #confidence up significantly in second quarter
the risks of ultra-low interest rates - @krogoff on forum:blog
call for applications momentum for change: financing for climate-friendly investment with @wef open 12 april
financing a more sustainable way of living - thomas kerr on forum:blog @kerrwef
five ways technology can help the economy - @elenakvochko on forum:blog
explore: global information technology 2013 interactive map - how did your country rank?
a new digital divide threatens growth - beat bilbao-osorio on forum:blog
global information technology 2013 report: top 10 rankings - read full report
global information technology 2013 report - how will your country rank? find out today at 16:00 cet #wef
battling corruption with collective action - olajobi makinwa on forum:blog
navigating the arctic - per-ola karlsson on forum:blog
the promise of abenomics - joseph e. stiglitz on forum:blog @joestiglitz
if north korea goes to war, what would china do? - ruediger frank on forum:blog
why business has a stake in healthy living - norbert hltenschmidt on forum:blog
do we love our cars more than ourselves? shivender singh on forum:blog
health week: taking the next leap forward in health - @robertgreenhill on forum:blog
bushmeat and the next pandemic - nathan wolfe on forum:blog @virushunter
what the cyprus crisis means for the eu - daniel gros on forum:blog
we've turned the whole world into a couch - lisa maccallum carter on forum:blog
biting back at obesity - karen watson on forum:blog
cash for carrots could save lives - @derekyach on forum:blog
three ways to beat high blood pressure - @droraynaud on forum:blog
putting hope in the brics nations #forumblog #wefs @borgebrende
reading: europeans need to hear the truth @annmettler #wef
reading: does the eurozone need a budget? @wefgac #wef
want to help the poor? hire them - leila janah on the forum:blog @leila_c
reading: big data is opening doors, but maybe too many @stevelohr @nytimes
stock market rally - reality or bubble? todd glass on forum:blog
an innovative course for water - amir peleg on forum:blog
debt-friendly stimulus - robert j. shiller on forum:blog
reading: "microtasks: an unlikely legacy of benjamin franklin" @globalshapers  #wef
reading: europe, italian style by @amspence98 #wef #forumblog
reconnecting capital - david robinson on forum:blog
asia and a post-american middle east - yuriko koike on forum:blog @ecoyuri
report: five challenges, one solution - women
why investing in education is good for business - @vikaspota on forum:blog
backcasting to the future - @valerie_keller_ on forum:blog
europes moment of truth - @annmettler on forum:blog
reading : the future of chinas ant tribe winston wenyan ma @yglvoices 2013 #wef
rt @chelseaclinton thank you! lking fwd to working w the ygls @davos #wef ygl class2013
congratulations @randizuckerberg @iamwill @chelseaclinton @fivethirtyeight #wef ygl class 2013
congratulations to the young global leaders class of 2013. meet the best of todays leaders
leading in the right direction for women - saadia zahidi on forum:blog @zahidi
2 billion global travelers by 2020? kathleen matthews on forum:blog
travel and tourism competitiveness report 2013: the americas - u.s. ranks 1st, canada 2nd
when green travel meets big business - giulia carbone on forum:blog
are we moving toward sustainable travelism? geoffrey lipman on forum:blog @glipman
reading: the travel and tourism competitiveness 2013 report
can the private sector help transform the energy sector? steven koonin on forum:blog
paving the way for electric cars - levi tillemann on forum:blog
punishment by politics - adrian monck on forum:blog @amonck
will biotechnology provide food security? david lawrence on forum:blog
how have perspectives on personal data changed? read new report
the evolution of personal data - william hoffman on forum:blog
reading: unlocking the value of personal data - from collection to usage report 2013
sustainable solutions from the sea? george guo-qiang chen on forum:blog
reading: developing future social protection systems - retirement income report
why action is needed on retirement income schemes, giancarlo bruno on forum:blog
can seawater provide an energy solution to countries that lack arable land?

gm crops: facts and myths - nina fedoroff on forum:blog
biotechnology: could bacteria or plants fuel our cars in the future?
can biotechnology fight microscopic threats? andrey zarur on forum:blog
what will economic democracy mean for #southkorea?
how could biotechnology improve your life?
read closing the gaps: financial services needs of next-generation companies report
top 10 emerging technologies 2013:precise drug delivery through nanoscale engineering 
top 10 emerging technologies 2013: will remote sensing make our roads safer?
top 10 emerging technologies: converting unwanted co2 into saleable goods
reading: financial services needs of next-generation companies #wef #report 

can sustainability be profitable? #wefs chief information officer jeremy jurgens explores #forumblog
hiring: senior community manager middle east and north africa, global shapersteam. #geneva-based
hiring: senior community manager middle eat and north africa, membership team. #geneva-based
imagine a suit that lasts forever. find out more about self-healing materials at
see all the top 10 emerging technologies for 2013 at
rebalancing the state's balance sheet - michael spence on forum:blog @amspence98 
see all the top 10 emerging technologies for 2013 at
hiring: senior community manager family and private company community. #geneva-based
hiring: senior community manager consumer industries.#geneva-based
the top 10 emerging technologies for 2013
hiring: senior community manager chemicals industry. #geneva-based
can email lead to information fatigue? @shashitharoor on forum:blog
are bond investors shifting their focus from traditional benchmark indices? jeffrey frankel on the forum:blog
what we did at davos - world food programme on the fight against hunger @wfp
creative content in a digital world - david kappos on the forum:blog
hiring: engagement manager network of global agenda councils team. #geneva-based
hiring:community manager japan membership team. #tokyo-based
can civil society act as the glue that binds the public and private sectors? @eaa_peterprove thinks so. #wef
hiring: senior community manager europe centre for regional strategies. #geneva-based
is the information revolution transforming power? joseph s. nye on the forum:blog @joe_nye
hiring: senior community manager japan.#tokyo-based
the rise of the millennials -  @justinkeeble and @peterlacy on the forum:blog
hiring: senior project manager environmental initiatives. #geneva-based
hiring: senior project manager water initiative. #geneva-based
can nature help us solve risk management issues? william h. saito writes for the forum:blog @whsaito
a healthy future for healthy living? rob flaherty, ceo of ketchum, on the forum:blog
has fiscal stimulus failed? raghuram rajan on the forum:blog
is the euro crisis over? jean pisani-ferry, director of bruegel, on the forum:blog @bruegelpisani
meeting americas growth challenge - laura tyson on the forum:blog
thanks to all for being part of a digital davos! catch up on anything you missed here
top ten quotes of the day
live now: global agenda 2013, closing session of davos with 6 co-chairs sharing thoughts on year ahead
rt @wef: greece can take more time for fiscal consolidation, so can some other countries. it shouldn't be a fast pace -@lagarde #wef #eu
how can we make capitalism more moral? send your comments #wefvalues and follow the #wef session
will the promise of 'big data' be realised? ellen richey, chief enterprise risk officer at visa, on the forum:blog
watch the @globalshapers video hangout with huguette labelle live
optimism is lost on the strong - susan glasser on the forum:blog
top ten quotes from day four at davos
what next after the arab spring? with egypt pm qandil, libya pm zedan, @najib_mikati live now
how can we improve access to education? why does it matter? use #wefeducation to contribute session
rt @wef: 5 billion people will be middle class by 2030. everyone will rise with the sea -coca-cola ceo muhtar kent #wef #wefxroads #growth
how important is creativity for business? watch the #davos hangout now with ideos tim brown @tceb62 #wef
rt @wef: if obama doesn't fix 2-state solution in next four years, it won't happen - king abdullah #wef #wefjordan #israel us
target growth to avoid a lost generation - gordon brown on the forum:blog
so can women have it all? laura liswood on the forum:blog
rt @wef: eu economy is in process of stabilising at very low levels, we see recovery in 2nd part of 2013 - ecb pres. draghi #wefdraghi
how can the international community work together to educate the 60+ million children not in school? #wefeducation #wef
'you own your data, and should only share it if you get something back' - watch sandy pentland's #wef #ideas video
follow the days davos action
watch the global development outlook live now @number10gov @queenrania @billgates un's ban ki-moon
watch ban ki-moon give a special address at davos, starting now
why technology is the future for girls - nigel chapman on the forum:blog
a conversation with shimon peres - live now at
is it time to turn out the street lights? frans van houten addresses sustainability on the forum:blog
watch angela merkel give a special address at davos, starting now
why healthcare must change - mary tolan on the future of medicine on the forum:blog
wanted: 600 million workers - bradford l. smith, executive vice president of microsoft, on the forum:blog
is the future of health beyond our imagination?
what europe must do to catch up - 
thorsten groth on the forum:blog

what europe must do to catch up - 
thorsten groth on the forum:blog

the three hurdles to healthy living - robert flaherty, ceo of ketchum, on the forum:blog
follow the days #davos action
supply chain disruptions may cut the share price of impacted companies on avg. by 7% - read more
top ten quotes of the day from davos
megacities: soulless sprawl or shining future? - carl bjrkman on the forum:blog
the us can't be complacent on job creation - john kasich, governor of ohio, on the forum:blog
fuelling africa's future - on the forum:blog
life after austerity for the economy - nariman behravesh on the forum:blog
from the limits of monetary policy to the future of the eurozone, follow the global financial context session
how do you measure happiness? paul dolan writes for the forum:blog
good morning davos! follow the days action
charlize theron - what i'm going to tell leaders in davos @charlizeafrica
davos welcoming address starts at 6pm cet, follow live tweets @wef and find out all about this years meeting
leaders are more vulnerable than ever-global agenda council on geopolitical risk
solving problems the civil society way - @aroncramer on the forum:blog
risk cannot be an afterthought - alexandra brintrup on supply chains
skills gaps, job-hopping and dwindling loyalty - dennis nally discusses employment on the forum:blog
'before you go to sleep at night, make sure the wardrobe won't fall on you.' watch dealing with disasters
in the quest for growth, how can economies become more resilient? michael spence debates with fu jun
read the green investment report 2013 and discover the ways and means to unlock private finance for green growth
securing private investment in green growth - bruno berthon on the forum:blog
breaking out of bribery's vicious circle - huguette labelle on the forum:blog
be the 1st to read: global agenda outlook the most pressing questions, answered by 1,5k top experts -
global confidence index: fear of a major economic disruption falls to 48% compared to 53% from last quarter. read
the big push to defeat aids, tb and malaria - mark dybul on the forum:blog
are governments doing enough to fight youth unemployment? what more can be done?
2,5k participants from business, government, academia and civil society will be at
will india stop tolerating the abuse of women? miniya chatterji and sushant rao on the forum:blog
ideas @davos: science of cities  geoffrey west, physicist at sfi, discusses the rules that govern urbanization
can partnerships feed the world? lisa dreier discusses global food systems on the forum:blog
how can governments stabilise economies and create more employment? #wef #growthjobs
eurozone 2.0: solidarity or domination? tiffany misrahi and selima benchenaa on the forum:blog
how to follow the annual meeting 2013 on social media
can green investment pay for itself? @simonzadek shares his thoughts on the forum:blog 
pre-annual meeting, davos 2013 press conference, watch it at wef.ch and follow it live on @wef #wef
technology and the employment challenge - michael spence shares his thoughts on the forum:blog @amspence98
how do we get people to see sustainability as a benefit rather than a sacrifice? tiffany west on the forum:blog
why have centrist parties failed to unite moderates on both sides of the ideological divide?
top 10 myths about climate change and green investment, thomas kerr writes for the forum:blog
rt @wefrisk: could alien life go from science fiction to fact?
what is the biggest problem with the #russian economy? #wefask
rt @wefrisk: what if a disaster on the scale of the haiti earthquake happened again? 
rt @wefrisk: will an ageing population bankrupt us?
rt @wefrisk: are we at risk from rogue geoengineering?
rt @wefrisk: the economy or the climate? its not a choice - david cole on forum:blog
rt @wefrisk: will we tool up our own brains?
can we end extreme poverty by 2030? jasmine whitbread, ceo save the children int. for the forum:blog @jasmineatsc
rt @wefrisk: our better instincts can stamp out digital wildfires
now reading: perceived timings of economic crisis and climate change prevent action
what will the world look like two decades from now? joseph s. nye envisions the world in 2030 @joe_nye
rt @wefrisk: global risks 2013 by numbers - facts, figures and graphics
global risks 2013 report  - what's threatening our world? watch a series of videos on the forum:blog
building resilience to global risks  prof. klaus schwab for the forum:blog
be the first to read the global risks 2013 report
rt @wefrisk: which risks worry you the most? take our poll ahead of the global risks 2013 report #risks2013
will a lack of leadership put the world at risk? ian bremmer shares his thoughts on the forum:blog @ianbremmer
read special series of blog posts on the european crisis on the forum:blog
how can we build resilience for healthy living? eva jan-llopis and vanesa candeias
discuss on the forum:blog #wef
how uncertain is the eu's future? ana palacio discusses europe's narrative on the forum:blog @anapalacio
looking to 2013, the biggest risks are in the us and europe. @joestiglitz shares his thoughts on the forum:blog
the private sector can be a powerful role in protecting intellectual property - leslie benton from @create_org #wef
a special offer from #wef for the holiday season: download the latest ebook by prof. klaus schwab
europe at the crossroads: unity or fragmentation? read more on the forum:blog @gamigues 
hiring: senior community manager middle east and north africa on our global shapers team. #geneva-based
educate girls: the single most important thing that can be done to improve the world - @shashitharoor for #wef:
what will latin america bring to davos 2013? matthew carpenter-arvalo discusses resilient dynamism on forum:blog
why early childhood education is a good start #wef
with so much in common - why do the cyber communities and the itu find themselves embroiled in conflict?
europe has nothing to fear but fear itself - prof. klaus schwab for the forum:blog wef
the re-emergence of europe - download the free book by klaus schwab on the events that led to the european crisis #wef
india is the worlds 5th largest energy consumer  why is its electricity sector limping?
tom siebens, finance lawyer with 32 years of experience, discusses the question  is rule of law a friend or foe?
is norway's energy efficiency a matter of luck? arthur hanna from accenture, discusses energy on the forum:blog
of law and chickens  irene khan addresses the rule of law on the forum:blog @irenekhan
how affordable, sustainable and secure is your countrys energy supply? see the ranking
the global energy architecture perfomance index report 2013  read the full report
international human rights day: how can business engage successfully in human rights?
hiring: senior community manager japan for our membership team. #tokyo-based
hiring: community manager japan for our membership team. #tokyo-based
how can we curb corruption in supply chains? elaine dezenski, head of paci, underlines the risks of corruption
corruption perception index: 2/3 of nations ranked below 50 on a scale from 0 to 100 -
hiring: strategic partner associate for ourpartnershipteam. #geneva-based
how can corporations dispel the black cloud of corruption?
@globalshapers we are at #200hubs worldwide. if you're 20-30 years old and want to improve your community, apply! 
hiring: senior community manager internationalorganisationsand government affairs. #geneva-based
how can transparency help a business grow? mark schlageter addresses corruption on the forum:blog
can b2b lead the fight against corruption? sachin taparia discusses corporate india on forum:blog @sachintaparia
hiring: senior community manager consumer industries. #geneva-based
does foreign aid fuel corruption? sophal ear discusses corruption on the forum:blog @sophal_ear
a word from the frontlines of anti-corruption - peter solmssen of siemens ag, addresses corruption on forum:blog
hiring: senior community manager middle east and north africa for our membership team. #geneva-based
join @davos and @globalfundnews on a #bigpush on aids day: since 2001 there has been a 20% reduction in hiv infections
world aids day: "another #bigpush and we can end the aids pandemic", claudia gonzalez for the forum:blog -
can we unlock finance to fight climate change? christiana figueres of unfccc discusses on forum:blog @cfigueres
getting climate change back on the global agenda @chiemi884
chinas new leadership -  stephen s. roach discusses chinas leadership transition on the forum:blog
"the private sector needs to deliver significant investments to put the world on a path to a climate-secure future
can data slow down climate change? james cameron, chairman, climate change capital, on forum:blog @jamesogradycam
the risks of climate change  a view from chile. rodrigo prez mackenna explains on the forum:blog
can we deliver on the promise of energy efficiency? bruno berthon from accenture shares on the forum:blog @bfb61
can we adapt to climate change? juan jos daboub, ceo of global adaptation institute, discusses on the forum:blog
where does china stand on climate change? wu changhua, director, greater china climate group shares on forum:blog
paying the price for climate change -thomas kerr, director, climate change initiatives #wef discusses on the forum:blog
whos afraid of mobile internet in healthcare? andrew thompson, ceo of proteus biomedical explains on forum:blog
should ncds stand for new challenge diseases? julio frenk from harvard university, explains on the forum:blog
what will healthcare look like in 2040? nicolaus henke foresees a future scenario on the forum:blog
why we need healthcare on the job. sean sullivan and shahnaz radjy discuss healthcare on the forum:blog
are we heading towards a healthcare reset? daljit singh,president of fortis healthcare, explains on the forum:blog
what if a deadly new virus jumped from animals to humans?
ali parsa, chief executive and co-founder of circle, makes a case for disruptive innovation in healthcare
how can we battle chronic disease in an ageing population? joseph jimenez, ceo of novartis, on the forum:blog
how can we enable a healthy future for india? sarita nayyar, head of consumer industries at #wef explains on forum:blog
how can we prepare for a new era of cyberattacks?
how should modern #government best engage with their citizens, listen to them, empower them? - peter mandelson
why do businesses pay much more attention to resource scarcity than climate change/natural disasters? @sunminkm
how can society support the individual entrepreneur? @krisztinaholly on the democratization of #innovation
live now
how can the world prepare for future global challenges? ask our panellists questions #globalagenda watch answers live
can china become a gentle giant?
which #trends do business and political leaders predict for 2013? read the global agenda survey
which #trends do business and political leaders predict for 2013? read the global agenda survey
hiring: strategic partner associate for our partnership team. #geneva-based
hiring: community associate family and private company community for our membership team. #geneva-based
confidence in the state of the world: top experts and their expectations for the next 12 months:
#wef live session on global governance begins now contribute your questions at #globalagenda and watch answers live at
global confidence index: economic confidence firms in fourth quarter, but gloom prevails
from the assembly line to sustainable lifestyles
#wef summit on the global agenda begins today. how will global governance be transformed? ask our panellists questions at #globalagenda
dubai 2012: have we taken the availability of water for granted?
#wef summit on the global agenda begins tomorrow. what is the future of global governance? ask our panellists questions at #globalagenda
how has the international context changed and what impact will it have on global governance? send us your thoughts/questions #globalagenda
global governance must keep up with globalization. send #wef questions at #globalagenda and discuss how to make institutions more efficient.
hiring: research associate, research team for the risk response network. #geneva-based
dubai 2012: shaping the values of our connected world
hiring: head of africa for our membership team. #geneva-based
can india acquire appropriate and efficient retail systems?
ten steps to make india a healthy nation
are non-communicable diseases taking aim at india? 
how can india unleash the full potential of its youth?
bangladesh - the hidden tiger in the dragons shadow
wrapping up the world economic forum on india 2012. see all the highlights at
india 2012: trading up to better relations with pakistan 
how can women promote india's economic development?
india 2012: shaping digital media governance
millions more in #india may not guarantee economic success. the demographic dividend discussed
how can #india better support its small farmers?
kanan dhru shares her thoughts on risk resilience at the world economic forum on india 6 - 8 november 2012.
bina agarwal shares her thoughts on food security at the world economic forum on india 6 - 8 november 2012
achieving good governance in india
india  saving for growth
does the "i" in bric need saving?
hiring: senior project manager environmental initiatives. #geneva-based
are indian cities getting too big to manage?  #india #wef @kpmg
how will india pass from deliberation to transformation? watch the world economic forum on india #wef #wefask
spurring the growth of sri lanka
hiring: senior community manager europe and central asia for our young global leaders team. #geneva-based
are the turbulent times over for foreign investment in india?
hiring: senior community manager consumer industries. #geneva-based
on the eve of #wef india 2012, klaus schwab explains why he believes in such a bright future for india
hiring: senior community manager japan for our membership team. #tokyo-based
delhi listens to citizens via social media. can #india learn from this and improve #transparency #governance?
a map of the most financially developed countries in the world, see how your nation performs:
how will future u.s. foreign policy affect the indian sub-continent? watch live 7 nov 17:15 ist and share your thoughts #wefaffairs #wef
how will india be transformed?
how can india tackle corruption and improve gov transparency? watch live 7 nov 9:45 ist share your thoughts #wefecdr
hong kong improves position as worlds leading financial centre
can a weaker euro make europe stronger?
building the united states of europe
what can india do to strengthen its global competitiveness?

is the american dream in danger? arianna huffington discusses america's jobs crisis on the forum:blog
euro crisis - beware the perception gap
what will the us presidential elections impact the most on the indian sub-continent? #wef
navigate a map of the worlds top nations for equality between the sexes. how does your country rank?
gender gap report 2012: the nordic countries lead the top 10 while greece and turkey rank lowest in the region.
how effectively is europe narrowing the gender gap?
lesotho (14), south africa (16), mozambique (23): top 3 african nations for equality between the sexes #wef
gender gap report 2012: which are the worlds top nations for equality between the sexes?

2012 gender gap report: china slips from 61st to 69th and the philippines (8) is asias highest ranking country.
be the 1st to read: gender gap report 2012
building a bridge over the gender divide. looking back at the #wef global gender gap 2006-2011
is a university council the future of education?
global solution networks for the 21st century
four magic tricks for fiscal conservatives
europes nobel wake-up call
hiring:senior community
manager, family and private company community, global leadership fellow #geneva-based
launching next week: the worlds best nations for gender equality, follow #wef on oct. 24th read more:
is monetary policy the only game in town?
mexicos green growth revolution gathers pace
is europes banking union flawed?
can we achieve sustainable energy by 2030?
hiring: senior software engineer. #geneva-based
harnessing the power of women farmers
changing the conversation on climate change.
global leaders will meet to discuss the most important questions for india. tweet us your questions at #wefask
hiring: senior community manager middle east and north africa, membership team, global leadership fellow.#geneva-based
hiring: director, head of membership, greater china. #geneva-based
building up small farmers
hiring: project manager research team, risk response network. #geneva-based
hiring: business engagement manager (temporary contract). #geneva-based
hiring: intern, strategic foresight.#geneva-based
can emerging-markets affected by the economic downturn bounce back?
hiring: associate director, project management, strategic foresight. #geneva-based
back to the brink for the eurozone? @kemaldervi
#wef at dubai: 1,200 experts from around the world gather to discuss the big issues of the day.
the new economics: meso and meta
hiring: director, head of membership, greater china. #geneva-based
hiring: senior community manager japan for our membership team. #geneva-based
the cuban missile crisis at 50
monetary mystification
hiring: senior community manager family and private company community for our membership team. #geneva-based
what can free trade do for the environment?
hiring: associate director project management strategic foresight. #geneva-based
how can technology affect employment?
hiring: senior project manager environmental initiatives. #geneva-based
should america worry about its fiscal future?
is youth unemployment hindering the arab worlds potential?
hiring: senior community manager middle east and north africa for our membershipteam. #geneva-based
how can mexicans improve their health?
can china and russia share clean energy?
why #obama didnt get #jobs
can a nation prosper by studying policy successes abroad?
felipe caldern has awarded klaus schwab the highest decoration awarded to foreigners, the national order of the aztec eagle #wef
are central banks on the offensive?
what can mexico do to address the countrys health crisis?
are the causes of the global economic slowdown all psychological? #wef
international day of peace: is there hope for a better world?
what will domestic and foreign policy focus be for the next premier of china? @anapalacio on the forum:blog
are we ready for a federal republic of europe? @nfergus discusses on the forum:blog
can democracy become a "blood sport"? @slaughteram for the forum:blog -
read why and how these countries were selected as the top 10 most competitive economies in the world:
choosing the right energy pathway - @bp_america ceo robert dudley for the forum blog
asias digital age, social innovation, future of rural economy: watch session highlights from #wef in china
innovation is about unleashing our humanity - @timleberecht recaps #amnc 2012
bridging the gap between public and private at this years #amnc
some companies have larger footprints than countries. has increased impact come with a more responsible attitude?
how should society engage youth in shaping the new economy? use #wefyouth to send your questions and participate now
follow now: last day of #wef in tianjin china, watch
audit the fed? @b_eichengreen on transparency and accountability for @prosyn -
follow now: day 2 of #wef in tianjin china, watch
watch premier wen jiabao at the #amnc opening plenary
2012 social entrepreneur awardees by @hildeschwab
2012 @schwabfound social entrepreneur awardees
#energy for society initiative: 1.3 billion people still have no access to electricity
daily wrap-up #wef tianjin china: todays coverage, pics, videos and more at
join the discussion: the future of human capital - use and follow #wefhc to send questions and participate
follow now: day 1 of #wef in tianjin china, watch
understanding risk to build supply chain resilience
vietnam sets out green strategy for agriculture - h.e. cao duc phat, min. of agriculture, vietnam #wef
should financial firms be forced to fund themselves, not relying so heavily on debt finance? kenneth rogoff
navigate a visual map of the worlds most competitive economies:
is investment in infrastructure the key to improving competitiveness in the americas?
explaining global competitiveness: how we rank the world's most competitive economies
the us is an innovation powerhouse, but concerns in other areas led to a drop in its competitiveness ranking
uk ranked as 8th most competitive country in world
south africa and mauritius continue to lead africa in the list of the worlds most competitive economies
global competitiveness report: how political deadlock is threatening prosperity
the top 10 most competitive economies in the world: follow #gcr on 05/09 for the new global competitiveness report
will driverless e-cars have taken off by 2025?
who are the most competitive economies in the world today? follow #gcr on 05/09
follow #gcr on sept. 5th for the new global competitiveness report
launching next week: the new global competitiveness report, follow #gcr on sept 5th
could renewable energy work better in developing countries?
only 5% of us can live on less than 6 hours sleep. @droz explains what happens when we dont make our quota
would the us benefit from online medical records? @practicefusion @techpioneers #wef
nyt op-ed fest on #arab monarchies
rt @schwabfound: looking for great social #entrepreneurs around the globe - apply now!
which companies are going to change the world? #wef technology pioneers 2013 @techpioneers
is it ethical to try and patent a gene? @anuacharya discusses on the forum:blog
could genetic testing stop the 20% failure rate in modern medicine? #wef @droz @ariannahuff
hiring: senior community manager middle east and north amfrica forour global shapers team. #geneva-based
hiring: associate director project management for our strategic foresightteam. #geneva-based
rt @wefrisk global economy: 72% of experts are negative about the next 12 months
7 billion people are sharing the earth. it is time to redesign and innovate. #wef
hiring: senior community manager middle east and north africa for our membership team. #geneva-based
rt @yglvoices: the newest #wef forum blog post 17 million lives, one child at a time by #ygl  @sriramraghavan
a year of youth empowerment @globalshapers #wef
shaping the debate on swiss foreign policy @nicolaforster - #wef
towards #energy independence: doris leuthard on switzerland's sustainable future  #wef
12/08 - #youth intl day: young people are three times more likely than adults to be unemployed -
12/08 - #youth intl day: young people are three times more likely than adults to be unemployed -
a #london win for saudi women: victory beyond the dojo - @faisaljabbas
what would happen if companies started openly sharing their randd? ideas for change -henry chesbrough @openinnov8tor #wef
the top 5 methods used in cybercrime: the $388 billion industry
bracing for impact: earthquakes and #risk  mark schulman #wef
environmental handprint: a story where each of us is a hero, not a villain  #wef @danielgolemanei
5 ways to tackle the world's wicked problems - ronald philip for the forumblog
the perils of presenteeism
how do we make low paid jobs more attractive? #wef christopher pissarides
rt @pierscumberlege #weforum triathlon team 2012 raising money for "right to play"
the world's ageing population will force hard choices onto nations unwilling to open to immigrants - ceo hasegawa
#worldpopulationday: discussing the consequences of sharing a world with more than 7billion people
toshiko mori blogs on how design uses existing systems to cause a paradigm shift in the way we think. 
usd dominates international monetary system by default: how will euro, yuan, yen fare in 13? howard davies #wef #wefgac...
75 million youths are out of work: are we in danger of losing a generation? #wef #wefgac
guillermo ortiz discusses #dollar dominance within an international monetary system in crisis #wef
hiring: community manager japanon our membershipteam. #tokyo-based
as #germany and #italy play, both are out of the #euros top 5 competitive economies, check who comes up 1st at
we use 50% more resources than the world can provide. interview with martina gmur, #wef #wefgac
78 councils, 100s of challenges and opportunities. global agenda council annual reports published today
what will the university of the future look like?
#portugal beat #spain at the #euro... at least in the economic game, check out the top eu competitive economies
persuasive gaming @ibogost
what are the most competitive economies in the #eu? #wef
while unemployment lines are growing, logistics and supply chain industries are in dire need of skilled workers. #wef
how can we keep trade fair and open amid increasing supply chain complexity? #wef
why #opendata is key to sustainable growth - @juanccas
for small island states, climate change is a matter of life and death. @dwaughray writes on the forum:blog
g20 countries generate 90% of global gdp. why business and the g20 need to be brought together -
corruption costs the global economy approximately us$3 trillion a year. what 5 things can the g20 do to fight it? -
dispelling the myth that growth and environmental development are mutually exclusive president @felipecalderon
what is needed to stimulate green growth? the green growth action alliance ask on the forum:blog
what could a big open environmental data system achieve? @jamesogradycam on the forum:blog
+750million people do not have adequate access to drinking #water: how can we manage our most precious resource?
what if a hacker caused a global internet outage?
what is the role of government in a crowdsourcing world? -
vote for the future you want: the un wants you at #rio+20. decide what will be on the agenda of our leaders
what if illicit trade goes unchecked? - qanda with steven broad from @traffic_wltrade

is growthsterity the answer to the current eu economic crisis? #wef mendoza-wilson
how best to tackle the youth unemployment crisis? dina shoman shares her views on the forum:blog
does digital privacy exist anymore? @diana_elazar of #wef looks at digital governance in a hyperconnected world
finding solutions to the youth unemployment crisis. watch:
can the wireless industry help reduce energy consumption? wim sweldens of @alcatel_lucent asks on the forum:blog
end of day 1 at #wef in istanbul. highlights:
what is the key to building a more competitive europe? find out more on the forum:blog
energy use is forecast to grow 40% by 2035. can turkey use its position as an energy corridor for energy security?
does the middle east need a communications revolution? @alcatel_lucent amr el-leithy, wim sweldens on forum:blog
how would you fix youth unemployment? reply with #wef_jobs to contribute to a brainstorming today at 6am gmt watch live
day one #wef eumena in turkey. watch
employing the future  how can the youth unemployment crisis be solved? get involved in the #wef on eumena in turkey
which emerging market city could be the next london? tweet your answer with #wef_cnbc-e to take part in a tv debate at the #wef in istanbul
how can we fix youth unemployment in europe and mena? tweet your ideas with #wef_jobs to join a brainstorming at our meeting in istanbul
how can we avert a lost generation? @fgri looks at training the talent of the future on the forum:blog
100 million jobs are needed by 2020 in the middle east and north africa. @dinashoman looks at youth unemployment #wef
rt @arthsastra an exceptional learning experience at #wef on east asia..the words that explain this is superlative interactions and panels
conversation with daw aung san suu kyi. she calls for help to meet burmas needs. listen to the conversation
east asia steers a course through future risk, @ceriradford on the #forumblog
daw aung san suu kyi first trip abroad in 24 yeras. conversation with klaus schwab, chairman #wef
how will tourism shape east asia? interview with gerald lawless, executive chairman of the jumeirah group
the #wef on east asia in bangkok thailand starts today
what should be the most important focus for promoting the role of women in east asia? #wefask #wef
using mobile technologies to tackle illicit trade in east asia justin picard
how would you make east asia safer against extreme shocks? #wefask
how can east asia improve its resilience to future disasters? share your questions and comments using #wefask for #wef east asia @wefrisk
my cousin: mia love  standing up and standing out 
a worthy investment: haiti sustainable education
waking up to the threat of natural disasters @davidgleicher #wef
pascal lamy @wto_omc on the global enabling trade
report 2012 #wef
meet the global enabling trade report 2012 authors and
watch why singapore tops the ranks @seanppdoherty #wef
how open are your borders? the global enabling trade report 2012 online now ranking 132 countries
global enabling trade report 2012 and global enabling trade index 2012 released today 15.00 cest
assessing the openness of borders #wef global enabling trade report 2012
authors on forum:blog
save the date: the global enabling trade report 2012: reducing supply chain barriers. published 23 may 15.00 cest
reading: from hand-outs to handshakes: the time has come for the african farmer @josettesheeran on @huffingtonpost
watch live - #wefs @josettesheeran speaking at #globalag symposium on agriculture and food security at 13:45 est
thailand braces for a data storm - but is the country ready? @alcatel_lucent #wef east asia
discover the real impact and value of personal data and how we can unlock its potential
balancing the value of your data and your rights - the sensitive issue of the rules around personal data use
growing africa - bringing world leaders and farmers together for africa's agricultural future
save the date: rethinking personal data: strengthening trust report launches 9.00 cest wednesday 16 may
#wef on africa is now closed. watch sessions
jobs, justice and equity - caroline kende-robb of @africaprogress on africas 3 biggest challenges
ali odimba - in many counties we do not have nations, but peoples. we have to stand strong as a united africa. #wef
@meleszenawi we need leadership in africa has the courage to say and have the conscious that we will not be able to please everyone....
live now strengthening africas leadership" #wef addis ababa, ethiopia. watch live at
@jmkikwete why export cotton and import shirts? we need to establish processing industries locally in africa  #wef
africa has 60% of global potential crop land. how can leaders change africas agribusiness to offer food security? #wef
defying stereotypes with progress, is ethiopia ready to face its next big challenge? @drumjamie of @onecampaign
africa, the continent of opportunity - bekele geleta @federation looks at building bridges for africa's future
day one for #wef africa ethiopia, join us: watch
want to follow #wef africa live? find out when sessions will be streamed and how you can join the debate -
want to find out whats happening at the #wef on africa this week? follow
#wef, @nepad_au and @_africanunion look to boost africa's agricultural investment with @growafricaforum
700m people without access to energy sources: sameer hajee discusses creative solutions to africa's energy gap
disappearing gorillas, a bulging uneducated youth - why africa has until 2022 to re-write its future -
#ff @federation @bekelegeleta see you in addis ababa 9-11 may #wef on africa ^gp
have you posted your change yet? one year one change #wef africa 9-11 may addis ababa
now we can create materials with atomic accuracy, what is next? #forumblog small is beautiful. materials by design #wef
have you posted your change yet? one year one change #wef africa 9-11 may addis ababa
getting ready for the world economic forum on africa 9-11 may addis ababa. watch a sneak peek of the meeting #wef
a warm welcome to @josettesheeran vice-chairman world economic forum #wef #geneva ^gp
#1y1c what change do you want to see in africa by 2013? join the global campaign to transform africa
10 million workers missing in a skills gap #wef future of manufacturing report published today
new energy architecture report released today. interactive reader & more
reading: is india dealing with its energy demand surge? @livemint #wef new energy architecture
1.3 billion people have no access to electricity. #wef new energy architecture report. watch
taking questions for the closing plenary at #wef latam. send questions for the panel now to @wef
what are latin american leaders doing to tackle corruption? ^cp #wef #forumblog
day three #wef latin america. watch live from 9:00 cdt
what would it take to close the economic gender gap in mexico by 10% in the next 3 years?
from borges to paz: indian ambassador to argentina, uruguay & paraquay on #wef latin america #forum:blog
thanks @janinmty @wolframgonzalez @anapaulacorral for your feedback. follow the meeting live
find out why h.r.h crown prince haakon of norway co-chair #wef latin america is heading to mexico
shale gas: a rethink or a restructure? @envdefensefund on #forumblog #wef new energy architecture 23 april 2012
counting down to #wef latin america mexico 16 to 18 april. how can we transform the region? watch
who are the technology tigers & who is still dialing in? explore the global information technology report 2012 #wef
launching the global information technology report today 17.00cet - behind the hype of hyperconnectivity
celebrating world health day @who prof klaus schwab & dr margaret chan #addhealth2life
ask a leader: latin america 16 to 18 april 2012 - your link to leadership. upload or post your questions today
global agenda council on #brics summit new delhi. read:
thinking ahead - our new report looks at how long-term investors can avoid distraction from short-term goals
kony 2012: rethinking global problem solving @dtapscott on #forumblog #wef
what if the arab spring turns into an african summer? @wefrisk #whatif #forumblog
how engineered micro-organisms could one day power the
world #forumblog
what is the future for russia's economy? #wef on russia 2030 #forumblog
podcast: meet the world economic forum new york city and hear @robertgreenhill on the role of business #wef
why business should care more about cyber risks #forumblog @tech_mahindra
with 70% of fresh water used for agriculture and people getting hungrier what is the future of h2o? @unw_wwd #forum:blog 
a blue water dragon marks the global water footprint on world water day @yglvoices @unw_wwd #forum:blog
podcast: meet #wef head of mobility industries and discuss the future of manufacturing
handling the humanity of leadership #forum:blog @ab_noble @schwabfound
the cost of interdependence @davidgleicher @wefrisk investigates agricultural price volatility #forumblog
are chinese multinationals becoming more socially responsible? #wef report
@zahidi #wef global gender gap author rings the closing bell at #nyse to celebrate international women's day 2012
@kabirabatu find out here:
rt should we worry about bad weather in space? @wefrisk on the solar flare
the energy sector & economic growth, why the two are such a strong marriage. read #wef energy vision update 2012
why we need more women leaders - @valerie_keller_ on #forumblog #wef
global education initiatives in action - revisiting the big projects for life-long learning
measuring the success of gender equality
full list of the young global leaders class of 2012
announcing the ygl class of 2012. congratulations to 192 exceptional young leaders @yglvoices
saudi arabias @munaabusulayman on women leaders and living in the masculine heartland
bringing growth to brazilian shores - petrobas ceo discusses opportunity for the region
how to keep fueling china's growth
han seung-soo, former pm of south korea, discusses role of energy and green technology in countrys evolution
the world needs mobile learning  a call to action from the global agenda council on ict on the forum blog
what is needed to encourage india-pakistan trade? @pranjalsharma discusses on the forum:blog
podcast: three ways to end the world as we know it
podcast: three ways to end the world as we know it
top 10 emerging technologies for 2012 and the five bad habits of healthcare in #wef newsletter
how can developing countries fund greener growth? find out in our new report -
making renewable energy work  this weeks #wef podcast on the forum:blog
what is the point of faster economic growth? @jnovy1 discusses on the forum:blog 
interview with a selection of the unsung heroes of davos 2012 @unitedhatzalah, @melyoung53 and @teachforall
the future of the manufacturing industry
why we must embrace genetics
hiring: senior project manager knowledge managementpart of our risk response network team. #geneva-based
hiring: head of digital content responsible for public digital impact of the forum. #geneva-based
hiring: community manager chemicalsresponsible for managing relationships within the industry. #geneva-based
hiring: community manager healthcare responsible for managing relationships within the industry. #geneva-based
why capitalism is like a broken down car
hiring: community manager indiaand south asiaresponsible for shapingagendas within the region#geneva-based
hiring: associate director project portfolio impactresponsible for providingstrategic imputs. #geneva-based
hiring: community manager china responsible for managingyouth-oriented communities. #beijing-based
hiring: event operations managerresponsible for event coordination of the annual meeting in china. #beijing-based
reading: mick jaggers davos top ten - @mattbish in @theeconomist
hiring: community manager mena responsible for building relationships within the region. #geneva-based
the 42nd world economic forum #wef closes in #davos
now live #wef &gt; the global agenda in 2012 with @sherylsandberg et al.
peruvian president ollanta humala does youtube
here are the best tweets, pictures and videos from #wef
end of day 4 at #wefin #davos pictures
twitter is the drug of davos - forum:blog
this is a time of incredible disruption - @jeffjarvis on the forum:blog
live now #wef: after doha: the future of global trade with @ustraderep et al.
is india immune to the crisis? tweet your thougths to @vikramchandra ml - #worldeconomicforum live on
live now #wef:how immune is india?
now live #wef: global economic outlook 2012 with @lagarde, zoellick, osborne @economistsforum et al.
head of the imf christine lagarde @lagarde offers advice to a high school student
@smkehoe kishore mahbubani is replying to your question now
now live #wef @gideonrachman @nouriel @nytimesfriedman discuss scenarios for 2012
live at 8gmt pundits & predictions @gideonrachman @nouriel @nytimesfriedman discuss scenarios for 2012
what's making headlines #davos? check out our davos daily
end of day 3 #wef in #davos. pictures
now live #wef: the future of american power with@saxby08, @senbobcorker and @nitalowey
now live #wef: going for growth. can the digital revolution help deliver jobs? with @ericschmidt& @nytimesfriedman
live now #wef: facebook's @sherylsandberg with imf's christine @lagarde
live now #wef
live in five #wef: fixing capitalism bbc debate with @bbcnikgowing questions:#bbcdavos
day 3 #wef in #davos watch it live from 8am gmt
end of day 2#wef in #davos pictures
rt @schwabfound nobel muhammad yunus & wendy kopp discuss social entrepreneurship #wef
live now #wef: averting a lost generation with pm of jordan and @rosswestgate
@kquann @andesbeat @vendettastudies @kevansweli @fumec_org we will be live #wef
how can the current generation of young people reach their full potential despite the economic challenges ahead? #4mygen
hrh @crownprincessmm answering a question for the
live now: hrh @crownprincessmm on #davos live
live now #wef: rebuilding europe with @endakennytd @prezydentpl, pm finlandand denmark
what are the most important things that leaders can do to create, build or shape a powerful legacy? #wefleadership ^ml
tune into #wef live now: special address by uk pm david cameron @number10gov
live now
tune into #wef live in 5.ensuring food securitywith @billgates @josettesheeran @noiweala
making a bankers dream come true
day 2 #wef #davos follow the debates live
live now: archbishop desmond tutu @theelders live at #wef #davos
live auf deutsch: kanzlerin angela merkel erffnet das 42. #wef in #davos
live now: german chancellor angela merkel opens the 42nd #wef annual meeting
davos: the figures. check out our cool #wef #davos infographic
thanks for following #wefarab. summary:
welcome to #davos and to twitter @ups execs @danjbrutto @alangershenhorn more #wef tweeps:
discussing the new context in the arab world with @mira404 @tarikyousef @habibh @moezmasoud follow #wefarab ^ml
thanks for watching and debating in the #wefbrainstorm
@ruudwjanssen technical glitch :) ^ml
cybercriminals' main commodity is personal data - rob wainwright discusses connectivity threats on forum:blog
world economic brainstorm starting at 12gmt #wefbrainstorm discuss live
time to close the gap - archbishop desmond tutu (@theelders) writes on the forum:blog
streaming the press conferences live from #wef #davos
questions to the co-chairs of #wef #davos? tune into the press conference live now
live now: time davos debate on capitalism
ready to welcome the #wef participants #davos. check out the pictures of the arrival
business must be part of the solution says @robertgreenhill #wef
how can business renew its licence to operate? participate in the #wefbrainstorm rsvp 
the spirit of davos: #wef staff are efficient, warm-hearted hosts - klaus schwab
participants check in at the 42nd #wef annual meeting
pictures of the day: preparations for the #wef annual meeting in davos, switzerland
what is the responsibility of business towards society? your answers for the #wefbrainstorm
global experts fear looming geopolitical disruption - #wef global confidence index
how can business be better? your answers will feed into the #wefbrainstorm on wednesday 13.00cet rsvp
there is a distinct sense of burnout in the air - oped #wef chairman klaus schwab
643 out of 2600 #wef participants are on twitter. follow them on these lists
"in the last 42 years, i have never seen as much snow in davos" -  #wef chairman klaus schwab ^ks
watch the debates #wef in #davos next week
@lagarde @josettesheeran join a call to action to save our global economy #wef
what do you think? a personal call to action from eleven heads of top global organizations. have your say #wef
reading: #wef annual meeting 2012 co-chair @sherylsandberg interview #forumblog @facebook
watch: dr martin wittig ceo @bergernews on transformations of the coming decade ahead of #wef annual meeting
reading: a beginners' guide to davos - @tim_weber @bbcbusiness
more than 2600 participants expected at the #wef in #davos. watch the press conference recorded earlier
official: german chancellor angela merkel to open #wef #davos - wef press conference live now
watch live now: pre-davos press conference with #wef chairman klaus schwab, @robertgreenhill @borgebrende @amonck
welcome to twitter @gilbertprobst. 6 out of 8 #wef managing board members are now on twitter
ask a leader? have you? upload your question for #wef annual meeting participants now
@accenture ceo pierre nanterme shares three great global transformations ahead of #wef annual meeting 25-29 january
watch: kpmg chairman michael andrew on smart business models in the back office and the  #wef annual meeting 2012
who is coming to #wef #davos? find out at our press conference live wed 11.00cet (5am est) rsvp
watch: meet the top 16 new sustainability champions #wef global growth companies - ensuring our future
what if a supervolcano erupted? #wef global risks 2012 @wefrisk @davidgleicher
helping haiti in davos @presidentmicky to attend the #wef annual meeting 2012
watch: @oliverwyman ceo explain global risks 2012 & seeds of dystopia @wefrisk
@reini_tri the annual meeting 2013 will be 23 to 27 january ^gp
@mbarefresher the annual meeting is by invitation only thnks, ^gp
reading: @wefrisk 'the failure of governance in a hyperconnected world' @nytimes
coming up: global risks 2012 report launch live from london at 10.30cet. watch here
watch: zurich ceo
martin senn on reaching for the stars and the #wef annual meeting 25-29 january

reading: adventures with job titles, davos edition - word cloud by @felixsalmon on @reuters blog
reading: davos reaches out to the masses - @jaycee001 in @the_irish_times
introducing inside the world economic forum #wef weekly newsletter - the best bits & what's happening when. subscribe
ask a leader project @davos2012 opens - your link to leadership #wef
@ebbiephanthom the annual meeting is 25-29 january 2012 ^gp
hiring: editorial associate for our risk response network responsible for creating content. #geneva-based
watch: ceo @novartis joseph jimenez on #wef annual meeting 2012 and fighting malaria together
watch: cisco ceo john chambers on #wef annual meeting 2012 and future intelligent networks
check out these amazing aerial views from #davos, switzerland
watch: smart phones
will fall well below $100 vimpelcom ceo shares his predictions ahead #wef
annual meeting 2012
watch: chairman ernst
& young james turley @eynews share his thoughts on #wef annual meeting 2012

watch: hans-paul brkner president the boston consulting group looks forward to #wef annual meeting 25 -25 jan
a warm welcome to @josettesheeran @wfp joining #wef as vice-chairman april 2012 ^gp
watch: craig mundie chief research officer @microsoft looks forward to the annual meeting 2012
save the date: the #wef global risks report 2012 will be released on 11 january 2012
wishing you all a happy new year. look forward to your continuing follow in 2012 ^gp ^as ^cp ^ml
asia is going to become the main engine of global growth - carlos ghosn, ceo renault-nissan alliance
automation is empowering people to work on a higher plane - chander prakash gurnani, ceo@mahindra_satyam
individuals will have much greater impact on innovation than ever before - @verwaayen @alcatel_lucent
season's greetings to all our friends & followers
emerging markets will continue to be important drivers of global growth - kostin, ceo, vtb ahead of #wef davos
find out how centuries old maori practices are helping shape modern knowledge #wef ideaslab @vicuniwgtn
life without trucks. can you imagine a total shut-down of the road freight system? @heriotwattuni did #wef
watch: india economic summit 2011 highlights - recognising the strengths of india #wef india
top 10 ideaslabs for 2011 - a handpicked collection of ideas from the world's leading minds #wef forumblog
annual meeting 2012 co-chair paul polman, chief executive officer, unilever, shares why he is looking forward to davos
open to everyone since 2003 @openforumdavos 2012 january 26 - 28 #wef #davos
wrap up 2011 - 12 stories from the global agenda councils #wef forumblog
reading: hey, world leaders, my davos calendar is filling up - @hblodget @businessinsider
watch: davos and the annual meeting #wef celebrating the hospitality of @davosklosters - the great mountain resort -
reading: hk tops global survey of financial system health - @ap
@alanatkisson that makes perfect sense @greenpeace reps are attending world economic forum #davos every year^ml
reading: hong kong named world's top financial hub - @ajelive
hong kong overtakes us and uk to top #wefs 2011 financial development report #wef
find out what our experts think are the greatest challenges the world faces in 2012 -
"most often, we see low-performing men choosing to compete and high-performing women opting out"
fighting graft takes guts - anti-corruption day on the forum blog
the young people who want to change the world
a shaper in davos "we know what the future should look like" @eduardovs @globalshapers #wef forumblog
wrap up day two @un_climatetalks durban #wef and @sapresident honoured fourmblog
defining girl power for the millennials - from spice girls to the white house #wef forumblog
durban growth series @un_climatetalks #wef forumblog @sapresident starts the shift, day one
reading: 2012, (next) year in review - patrick @chappatte cartoons in @nytimes
watch highlights of the #wef special meeting in jordan with @queenrania @habibh @yasmingalal et al.
transforming a lost generation of hiv orphans into next generation of african leaders @wildernessfdnsa @ab_noble #wef
time to realign our moral compass? @frogdesign thinks so #wef forum blog
if our current model of market economics is inadequate, what can we design to replace it? #wef
how can investment capital be harnessed for social change? #wef
what does it take to generate models that tackle pressing social and environmental problems? #wef
the #wef competitiveness data reveals importance of education-innovation nexus and the eus innovation capacity
70% remain pessimistic about the global economic outlook #wef poll
wireless energy powered car #wef
ideaslab: electric vehicle
reading: tradition only gets better with change - elisabet de los pinos @aurabiosciences on the #wef blog
india economic summit wrap up
reading: delhi is sleeping, india is slipping @pranjalsharma #wef india
india economic summit day two. live sessions from 9.00ist. watch
your say: panel includes @shomachaudhury @jfk_india @bbcnikgowing @carfreeland @navdeepsuri. send your questions #wef
your say: send us questions on the impact of media & social media on society. your questions put to @cafreeland and panel tmrw #wef india
vote now and help shape the future of india. results for #wef india 


highlights from the sustainable growth summit closing: time to move from study to action #wef india
india economic summit. watch live
getting financial services to 40 million people in india @ifc_southasia  at #wef india forum blog
systemic serendipity @melissawz #wef india forum blog
opening minds in mumbai for a sustainable future for india #wef india
good morning mumbai. india economic summit livestream programme is here, find out what we are streaming when #wef
how to follow the india economic summit online #wef social media. starts sunday 9.00 ist from mumbai
the india we really need opening blog: #wef india economic summit @verwaayen @alcatel_lucent
two days left to ask a leader #wef india economic summit. have your voice heard.
chandrasekaran @tcs_news calls for solutions for sustainable growth at india economic summit #wef
end of day 1 in cannes. summary of the best tweets and twitpics from #g20 leaders on @storify
powerful media and the future of content by @wef_content #wef forum blog @georgiatech
why should a teacher earn less than a manager? by klaus schwab #wef forum blog
watch: "india will have to step up" #wef india economic summit co-chair @verwaayen ceo @alcatel_lucent
best country to live if you're a woman? iceland, norway, finland. the worst? yemen, zambia, zimbabwe. #wef
the global gender gap report 2011 online now
the global gender gap report 2011 revealed today. new york launch at 8.30edt / 13.30cet ^gp
save the date: global gender gap report 2011 launch new york city tuesday november 1. where will your country rank?
reading: 5 foundations supporting social good entrepreneurship - @mashable
from ideas to action - the story of collaboration for middle east road safety @diana_elazar #wef forum blog
social media to help cut the middle east road toll #wef forum blog
working to destroy antibiotic
resistant superbugs #wef ideaslab: bio-inspired therapeutics @rpinews
wrap up of the best tweets, posts, pics and more from #wef special meeting in jordan - thanks for your contributions
now livetweeting on @wef from the last sessions at the #wef special meeting in jordan. ^as
shaping the future - middle east @globalshapers at the #wef special meeting in jordan
reading: leaders, experts call for pan-arab marshall plan by @jordantimes
reading: arab world needs jobs, better governance, investment: #wef by @reuters
reading: middle east leaders address unemployment in arab spring wake @bw
the #wef special meeting was officially opened by h.m. king abdullah - read more on the forum blog
hypes and hopes -@alidahmash writes about jobs and new media for the forum blog.
today is the 1st day of the #wef special meeting. well
be live tweeting on @wef or you can watch live -
#ff tweeps attending the #wef
special meeting on economic growth and job creation in the arab world

watching: voices from jordan -
introducing
the middle east @globalshapers - bringing a youth voice to the #wef special meeting in jordan

"being innovative does not happen overnight." co-chair @yasmingalaladdresses unemployment and job creation
our youth can bring creativity,
energy and productivity to our regional economies. mohammed al mady
"just how countries can provide meaningful jobs
is an open question" olivier campenon on the forum blog
"we have to go back to basics - what do investors need to invest in a region?" asks co-chair maurice lvy
job creation and education: proud to be jordanian forum blog  #wef jordan
looking to the #wef special meeting in jordan @ronit_avni
writes about transformations for the forum blog
co-chair @habibh looks at how technology and entrepreneurship can drive change in the middle east
taking the arab spring forward - @ranidababneh writes for the forum blog
follow the tweeps attending the special #wef meeting in jordan next week
dangerous waters: systemic risk and the shipping industry @wefrisk #wef
miroslav dusek introduces the upcoming #wef special meeting in jordan, 21-23 october 2011
the #wef closes in #abu dhabi. the best summary of the meeting are the tweets of the participants
live from abu dhabi closing panel global agenda summit - #wef live on
which global challenges are the most important to address in 2012?
live now: summit on the global agenda in #abu dhabi - #wef live on
great summary of the #wef global agenda summit in #abu dhabi by the tweeps attending
good morning #abu dhabi. day 2 at #wef brainstorming. livestream starts at 07.45gmt
end of day 1 at #wef in #abu dhabi pictures
public debt crisis is top trend to impact the global agenda in 2012 - #wef report
live now: opening plenary session #wef in #abu dhabi - #wef live on
live now press conference about the #wef summit on the global agenda - #wef live on
follow the #wef global agenda summit today in #abu dhabi
the middle east: a shifting regional equilibrium - #wef report ahead of meeting in abu dhabi
media citizenship - @charliebeckett on the forumblog ahead of the #wef in abu dhabi
personalized medicine is the issue on the table. @devisridhar looks ahead to the #wef in abu dhabi
watch and meet the next generation of change #wef @globalshapers
the #wef summit on the global agenda to develop new models. watch it live 10-11 october
the #wef summit on the global agenda is set to come up with new models to revive economic growth - @borgebrende
mental illness and the brain 
what goes wrong? @uniofoxford discovers #wef ideaslab
follow the tweeps attending the #wef summit on the global agenda in #abu dhabi october 10
labor market efficiency: #wef competitiveness data tells a tale of  at least  three europes:
logistics - our life support system - alan mckinnon about the new #wef logistics report
reading: summer davos in dalian - inevitability of transformative change
crises in the digital age @michaelfertik #wef blog @wefrisk
reading: the domino effect @robertgreenhill impact interview @psihealthylives #wef
watching: launching wellness week in harlem, nyc by @pahowho
how can we avoid non-communicable diseases? peter anderson shares his answers on the #wef blog -
klaus schwab meets  @jpn_pmo yoshihiko noda
thoughts from the plane ride home @melyoung53 reflects on #wef dalian
hardwiring innovation @jmskibsted looks at future of innovation #wef forum blog dalian
launching wellness week - raja rajamannar talks about the importance of "healthy fun" on the forum blog -
follow the @globalshapers and welcome our new colleague noa @queenbee101 #wef #ff
wef china closes pix
from davos to dalian: we are all global citizens @johnhopebryant wraps up the annual meeting of the new champions
#dalian closing panel answered your #wef tweets - thanks for sharing
and helping improve the world
^gp
big companies and small companies must share data and
form a co-op @eastdakota #wef dalian
make sure power is shifted to the end users @vivekkundra #wef dalian
where is the next frontier of challenge? @nikgowing #wef dalian
finding skilled people is incredibly hard @solazyme

#wef dalian
everyone is going to feel differently about releasing
their private information @eastdakota #wef dalian
we need to be prepared for the data deluge the world
is changing radically and we must prepare @virushunter

#wef dalian
democratising data is one of the ways we will scale
and solve our global problems @vivekkundra

#wef dalian
if people self-regulate we will have a safe space for
people to hyper-connect with each other @jenergy #wef dalian
empowering young people to resolve the planets biggest
challenges @jenergy #wef dalian what can we do?
taking questions live now for our closing panel on how technology is changing our lives? #wef dalian
live tweeting from closing session #wef dalian. how is technology changing our lives? have your say now @bbcnikgowing ^gp
how is technology making our lives better? tweet your comments or questions for @bbcnikgowing #wef dalian ^gp
seeking questions & comments for closing panel #dalian summer davos. topic how is technology changing our lives? share to #wef
third and last day at #wef in china. share your thoughts on how technology can be used for social good
thanks for following day 2 at #wef in china
dalian moment: youku video blogger gao ming interviews #wef chairman klaus schwab and invites him for a plate of n
china in the age of disruptive innovation. jeong kim blogs from #wef dalian
coming up:
live tweeting #wef dalian session: growth through science. watch it live
reading: the 7 coolest things about the young global leaders summit in dalian
prof. shinichi takemura presenting the world's first real-time tangible globe #wef in #china ^ml
'we are connected.we are many. we all dream of a better world.' jennifer corriero @jenergy blogs from #wef dalian.
day two of the #wef summer davos in #china
live now: #wef opening plenary session with chinese premier wen jiabao
i feel like a modern day marco polo. dr asher hasan guest blogs from #wef dalian wef.ch/8m4y ^gp
good morning rainy dalian. chinese premier wen to kick off #wef summer davos at 9am (1gmt) watch it live
the first #wef in china was held in 1979 - klaus schwab preps staff ahead of #wef #dalian 14-16 september 2011
rt @vineetnayar how should companies embrace the disruptive power of social media and mobile technologies? #amncgrowth
rt @vineetnayar share your vision with me & take the best 3 to #wef annual meeting of new champions #amncgrowth
growing sustainably in emerging markets - new report out on 15th sept
olivier schwab guest blogs about the #wef @techpioneers on @alcatel_lucent blog
preparation for summer davos forum well underway in china's dalian - @xinhuanet
wanted: champions for a new reality - javier garcia-martinez, rive technology
quality growth during times of volatility - @michaelfertik on the forum blog
ceos share their thoughts ahead of next week's 'summer davos' in dalian, china
sustainability requires standardization, slowness and centralization - @jmskibsted
emergence and importance of innovation hotspots - @c_p_gurnani, ceo mahindra satyam
chinese premier to open #wef summer davos in dalian. follow the meeting live
remembering tragedy and human solidarity - klaus schwab, executive chairman of the world economic forum
the world needs smart growth - jeong kim, president @alcatel_lucent @belllabs #wef
summer davos will help us qualify our vision for a brighter future - kojima mitsubishi #wef china
change in the culture of an organisation can create sustainable change will which shape our future - @vineetnayar
embedding china in a new world of networks - @paragkhanna looks ahead to the #wef summer davos in china
hiring: community manager europe - responsible for the eu governments community. geneva-based
watching: @bloombergtv #wef's @robertgreenhill says europe is 'looking quite strong'
watching: us competitiveness falls again - #wef's @robertgreenhill on @cnbceuropebreak
visualizing the evolution of the global competitiveness report
watching @robertgreenhill on @reutersinsider about u.s. slipping in global competitiveness rankings
scaling ideas to impact the world #wef china #aetna
us competitiveness ranking continues to fall in #wef global competitiveness report 2011-2012
mastering quality growth is the key to success. david
seaton fluor corporation #wef china
mastering quality growth is the key to success. david
seaton fluor corporation #wef china
looking beyond the electric car 

#wef ideaslab @epfl car of the future
reading: young innovators on world stage @bsindia
reading: three massachusetts firms named world economic forum #techpioneers
what makes an innovator? watch the interviews with the #wef technology pioneers 2012
follow the #wef technology pioneers 2012 on twitter
congratulations technology pioneers 2012 - olivier schwab @techpioneers
meet the world economic forum technology pioneers 2012
thanks @camidoll, @annanthem,@hadjibeye for your great input in the #wef twitter and facebook survey 2011
thanks for your feedback. #wef twitter and facebook survey 2011
rt @schwabfound announces the #us socialentrepreneurs of the year
simon biggs of @unimelb writes about productive ageing on the forum blog
help us improve our twitter feed. all suggestions, comments and ideas are welcome! 
help us improve our twitter feed. all suggestions, comments and ideas are welcome!
emmanuel jimenez of @worldbankasia writes about aging and economic growth for the forum blog
giving mobile banking to
millions @carolrealini #obopay.

#wef ideaslab: mobile financial
services.
fair speak at work - assertive women in the workforce @hcltech
save the date: the list of the #wef @techpioneers 2012 will be released on september 1, 2011
historic pic of the day: west german chancellor helmut kohl and klaus schwab at the #wef 1990
historic pic of the day: new europe - bringing together east & west at the #wef annual meeting 1990
turning tiny microbes into
greener fuel 

#wef ideaslab:
organisms as chemical factories
historic pic of the day: pakistan pm nawaz sharif at the #wef annual meeting 1992
historic pic of the day: west german foreign minister genscher at #wef 1987 "let us take gorbachev seriously"
historic pic of the day: 1980 nobel peace prize laureate henry kissinger predicts a period of global turmoil #davos
historic pic of the day: 1997 fred bergsten, peter sutherland and lawrence summers dissect the global economy #davos
"eliminating extreme poverty is
not rocket science." why is haiti so poor? #wef ideaslab: microinsurance
#ff #wto public forum 2011: video contest @wtopublications seek your answers to global trade challenges.
historic pic of the day: 1992 henry kissinger chairs "new partners" panel bringing cis countries together #davos.
historic pic of the day: 1992 henry kissinger chairs "new partners" 
panel bringing cis countries together #davos.
historic pic of the day: 1992 first high-level chinese encounter with the catholic church #davos
historic pic of the day: 1992 prince of wales chats with czech president vaclav havel at davos.
historic pic of the day: 1994 unstaged and unscripted arafat and peres join hands and walk together at davos.
historic pic of the day: 1992 chinese premier li peng attends davos declaring china would be a developed country by 2030.
historic pic of the day: 1990 davos brings east & west germany together - still separate but soon united.
improved industry-wide collaboration on systemic risk will help firms confront complex supply chain & transport risk
historic pic of the day: 1996 technology pioneers michael bloomberg and a younger william gates chat at davos
hiring: head partnering against corruption initiative - resp. for anti-corruption dialogue. geneva-based
is medical technology going too far? will it strip us
of humanity? watch @franciscollins9 and discover. #wef ideaslab:
summer davos debates opens. chinese netizens submit your video blog at
#ff the 5000 athletes running the @swiss_alpine marathon #davos tomorrow. cheer our colleague @eimearfarrell on her 21k run ^ml
historic pic of the day: 1989 an impressive panel with @prcavacosilvato discuss the future of europe #wef
reading: creating the next generation of world leaders - @wharton blog
historic pic of the day: australian pm bob hawke launches a major agriculture initiative at #wef 1987
historic pic of the day: 5 prime ministers analyse the key problems of leadership in the west in 1983
historic pic of the day: 1986 prince philip, @wwf president, makes a strong plea for the conservation of nature
historic pic of the day: future chinese premier zhu rongji leads the chinese delegation at the #wef 1986
historic pic of the day: tight security at the #wef in 1978 after the killing of hanns-martin schleyer
let's not forget haiti. read how the #wef members are supporting reconstruction there
reading: ideaslab: where big ideas meet big problems @washingtonpost @oninnovations
can the internet democratize africa?

join the discussion now, share an idea.

should you give money to begging
children? @friends_intl on
how do we keep children off the streets & on track for a bright future? chat now with @friends_intl
.@adambly answering
your questions now on #wef ideaslab data visualization
ask ideaslab questions now
coming up 17.00 edt (23.00 cest) sang yup lee on next generation chemicals and materials
watch oxford prof susan lea
ideaslabs are coming tomorrow 10.00 cest.
hiring: community manager - resp. for latin american community at world economic forum. geneva-based
historic pic of the day: 1986 davos dtente, a historic handshake between the greek and turkish prime ministers
historic pic of the day: 1976 heated debate between mitterrand & heath about the role of free enterprise
hiring: head partnering against corruption initiative - resp. for anti-corruption dialogue. geneva-based
#followfriday @davosfestival the festival with young artists in concert starts next week in #davos^ml
historic pic of the day: 1979 former uk pm edward heath conducts the zurich chamber orchestra in davos
historic pic of the day: klaus schwab addressing the 4th european management symposium in #davos in 1974
leadership is like great jazz: abigail nobel, global leadership fellow writes for #wef blog
check out our historic picture of the day
reading: .@dtapscott on how 5 industries in crisis could transform themselves.
how can talent mobility bring stability to the mena
region? find out in the #wef council on mena report
co-operation is the only means of survival in this age of complexity - klaus schwab in @telegraph
how is the economy affected by health and aging? find
out in the #wef council on internet security report at
see how growing populations will affect agriculture and economy in the #wef council on population growth report at
see how new tech can change social, economic and
political fameworks in #wef council on emerging technologies report
thanks @jess another follow friday suggestion: @davos they tweet great content and link to interesting accounts all year long. ^ml
explore the connection between water, food and energy in the #wef council on water security report at
read the worlds leading experts on the most important global challenges in the #wef gac annual reports
congratulations to @2018pyeongchang (kor) for hosting the 2018 olympic winter games #olympics #durban2011 ^ml
5 days left to participate in the social entrepreneur of the year competition in the #mena region
^ntreading:world economic forum leadership fellows return- the earth institute@earthinstitute
forum global leadership fellows go back to school
#ff @davosklosters - interested in what happens in davos during the summer? check this out!
reflections from the #wef on east asia - @tonymeloto @gawadkalingahq
new vaccines-revolutionizing design-saving street children: #wef torelease exclusive ideaslabs covering these topics and more next week^nt
congratulations christine @lagarde for your appointment as head of imf
hiring:community manager africa - responsible for the african community at the world economic forum.geneva-based
hiring: community manager americas-responsible for the global shapers community in americas region. geneva-based
meet the 400+ world economic forum staff gathered #wef #geneva hq ^ml
we must find our way in the center interview with @essma about tunisian revolution
musings from a first time world economic forum attendee - r srikrishna @hcltech 
world economic forum chairman klaus schwab on russia's competitiveness #spief video:
the business case for good health - olivier raynaud, senior director, global health #wef
follow the debates @spief, the st. petersburg international economic forum with @medvedevrussiae live on forumspb.com #ff ^ml
rt @schwabfound for who missed this - useful social investment guide for social entrepreneurs (free download)
reading: messages from #wef meetings - @jakpost
#wef on east asia has come to a close. thanks for participating in the event! photos @
hear why the @wfp is at the #wef on east asia in a guest blog post by @nancyroman1
live tweeting: creating jobs in asia. watch live @
toilets have become a great talking point: jack sim, founder of world toliet organization guest blogs @jackwto
topics covered today @wef east asia: inclusive asia, creating jobs, new "greenprint", the new globalism. watch live
good morning! #wef on east asia enters day #2. follow along during the event!
day 1 #wef on east asia wraps up. great pics (
new from #wef on east asia: indonesian and singaporean leaders call on business to keep markets open
live tweeting: opening plenary with predsient of indonesia @7:00am gmt: #wef
good morning! day 1 of the #wef on east asia and the summit is already buzzing. follow along during the event!
#wef on east asia officially starts tomorrow! social media team ready to go & livestream prog covers great topics.
preventing power outage by mobile technology & social media: @koheinishiyama guest blogs for the #wef on east asia
looking forward to the summit on east asia: jack sims, world toliet organization guest blogs at #wef on ea @jackwto
the #wef on east asia starts tomorrow and a ton of people of tweeting. follow the #wef twitter list #chatter
@nancyroman1 welcome nancy! looking forward to meeting you in the social media corner. enjoy the #wef on east asia! ^nt
@verite_danv welcome dan! loved your blog post on
@wfp @nancyroman1 @marcusprior welcome to jakarta! looking forward to seeing you both here at the #wef on east asia ^nt
how rights can lead to concrete impacts: dan viederman looks forward to the #wef east asia in a guest blog @verite_danv
ask a the president of indonesia a question on #wef facebook page. he will answer 1 at #wef in jakarta june 12
social media team has arrived in jakarta for #wef on east asia! 
a ton of opps for you to get engaged so stay tuned! ^nt
#wef on europe & central asia closes in #vienna. videos
a unique opportunity - social entrepreneur jrgen griesbeck @sfw_tweets guest blogs on forumblog
live now #wef in #vienna: unlocking europe and central asia's potential
live from #wef in #vienna: the energy security equation
live from #wef in #vienna regional game-changers: breaking the mould
thunderstorms in vienna fail to dampen optimistic mood at #wef summit - @melyoung53 guest blog
second and last day #wef in #vienna. livestream starts at 07.00gmt
last chance to participate in our poll for #wef in #vienna
what is the key to unlocking europe and central asia's innovation and growth potential? vote now
watch participants #wef in #vienna share their views on expanding the frontiers of innovation
live #wef in #vienna: spotlight on russia. livestream
rt @schwabfound our first world economic forum by sue riddlestone & pooran desai @bioregional
what is the key to unlocking innovation and growth potential? vote in our facebook poll
check out the pictures from the world economic forum on europe & central asia
live from #wef in #vienna: the arab spring: impact and implications
schwab foundation honours european social entrepreneur of the year winners
indonesia shows strongest progress among g20 in #wef new competitiveness report.
live tweeting opening of the #wef on europe & central asia in #vienna. programmme:
online privacy is about sharing - @fredericdonck guest blogs #wef
report: the future of government: lessons learned from around the world
how can europe ignite a culture of innovation - @adambly guest blogs #wef
how to participate in the world economic forum on europe and central asia #wef in #vienna
europe must rise to the challenges presented by the arab spring - #wef members in @huffingtonpost
participants attending #wef in #vienna, check in at the hofburg kongresszentrum on @foursquare
rt @schwabfound: 18 social entrepreneurs participating in the #wef on europe and central asia
russia competitiveness report underlines importance of innovation to russias growth potential
live now: press conference about the upcoming #wef in vienna with vice chancellor spindelegger and stephen kinnock
interested in the world economic forum on europe & central asia? download the mobile app for #wef in #vienna
follow the discussions at the #wef in #vienna live next week. check out the @livestream programme here
one of the biggest defects in life is the inability to ask for help.
freeing your mind brings real money. context is everything.
learning never goes out of style.
true passion is infectious.
giving a poor person money keeps them poorer longeroften forever; give them knowledge instead.
the educational process must inspire you and bring out your genius, not punish you for poor performance on a test.
leaders hate rooms of people agreeing; a leader values friction.
there is no downtime for a leader; they never stop leading.
it is insanity to say, "work hard," when the harder you work, the more you pay in taxes.
rt @kimkiyosaki: "opportunities exist. it's on you to have the knowledge to discover them and the courage to pursue them."  love this woman!
you won't find me in the stock market.  it's for traders.  i'm an investor.
the people who "don't make mistakes" are the ones who are falling behind. why? because they don't take the risk to get ahead.
i don't want a paycheck. i don't need a paycheck; there's a reason for that.
think "becoming rich" is a fantasy?  if so, you're right.
build your team. knowledge of different areas (accounting etc.) is important but you need experts to do business and investing right.
it's amazing the negativity that comes out talking to parents/family about business. realize their context and take it for what it's worth
are you a giant or a worm?

for my blog, click
how can a company test the limits and innovate if it punishes taking risk and making mistakes?
create an environment for people to fail, to learn, and to grow. their creativity and productivity will increase.
fail harder - but only do so if you are willing to learn when you do.
rich dad would often say, the primary difference between successful people and failing people is how they handle fear.
rich dad said, there is no one in your way except you and your doubts. it is easy to stay the same. it is easy to not change.
if financial freedom is really important to you, where should it be in terms of daily priorities?  where is it actually for you?
it is your self-doubt and your laziness that define and limit who you are.
problems are the doors to opportunities.
rich dad said, "problems can make you smarter.  problems can also make you poorer."  how you deal with problems will dictate your success.
"play it smart. learn to manage risk."

 for my complete blog, click
rich dad said, "it's not the profession that determines a person's earning ability.  it's the quadrant."
people need to wake up and realize that life doesn't wait for you.  if you want something, get up and go after it.
if you're living solely on earned income, you're playing with fire.
if you're lazy, don't expect much in terms of success. you're owed nothing and success will not be given to you. it's earned.
kim released an ebook and it's reached #10 on amazon in one day. (disclaimer: i'm slightly biased, but it's good.)
if you're going to achieve anything great, you will have to stick your neck out at some point and take a risk. that's real learning.
i had a short interview published on huffington post.  enjoy. 
you're biggest enemy to start a new venture is often that voice in your head. master that voice and get going. the world isn't going to wait
character is destiny. if you can get good character on your business team, you can be unstoppable.
if you try to please everyone, you'll fail.
learning isn't a passive activity. true learning requires active participation.
entrepreneurs identify a problem and provide a solution.
success isn't given freely. you're not owed anything.  put in the hours, blood, sweat and tears and you will have a chance to taste success.
jumping into the unknown has an obvious factor of fear involved. it also has potential for huge rewards. i choose to focus on the latter.
jumping into the unknown has an obvious factor of fear involved.  it also has potential for huge rewards. i choose to focus on the latter.
entrepreneurship takes lots of mental and emotional fortitude.  knowledge alone isn't enough.
i keep seeing headlines, "@obama and congress end crisis." that's laughable. they merely delayed it. don't be fooled.
what's the best way to learn?  it's not sitting in a classroom listening to lecture.
the world has become high tech. it's important to keep up with tech but don't forget the personal touch when dealing with your customers.
there are always going to be skeptics. your job is to prove them wrong.
the richest people in the world look for and build networks, everyone else looks for #work.
be careful of retirement plans. often they tend to be savings plans more than they are investing plans. saving does not create wealth.
without the #knowledge of making money, the world pushes you around.
when it comes to #money, most people want to play it #safe and feel secure. passion does not directs them, fear does.
when companies are focused on what they make, they fail to remember why they made them and they die.
the more control you have, the higher your potential return. the less control you have, the lower your potential return.
when you make a #mistake, consider it a blessing and an #opportunity to learn.  just make sure you correct quickly.
most people work all week to get to the weekend.  a few work all weekend for years to get to freedom.
practice constantly.
your poverty today is because of who you are. want wealth? let go of your anchors and inhibitions and change yourself.
successful people are never content to stick with the status quo. instead, they push themselves harder.
the most successful people are mavericks who arent afraid to ask why, especially when everyone thinks its obvious.
successful people cut through the clutter and details of life to clearly see why they are doing something or why something should be done.
making money and making the world a better place are not contrary to one another.
maintaining emotional intelligence during fear or crisis is one of the hardest things to do. its also one of the most important.
want to learn real estate #investing? analyze 100 deals in 30 days. dont just look at the numbers; walk through the properties.
join me as i tackle todays economy w some of the most brilliant minds around the world.
the best way to silence your #critics is through #success.
capitalists must learn how to build a #business. first, they must learn to educate themselves and then be willing to make mistakes.
there can be no harmony when actions are framed as right vs. wrong.
there can be no harmony when ideas are framed as right vs. wrong.  have the flexibility to listen to all options.
capitalists must be leaders. there is no #school that teaches this.
external motivation is rewarding through money. internal motivation is giving inspiration and rewarding the spirit.
protect your assets.  dont be #cheap up front; it will only be more #expensive later.
one can love god and love money; it's how money is earned and used that can be good or evil.
losers are people who are afraid of losing.
the problem with "secure" investments is that they are often made so safe that the gains are minimum.
context, not content, is what makes you wealthy. don't walk through life blindly.
money is a great barometer of peoples integrity. money often reveals who we really are.
fight for knowledge.  question everything.
take care of your teams because ultimately it is they, not you, who will enable you to achieve #success.
its not about the money. it's about creating a business out of your lifes purpose and mission.
if you want to be wealthy, learning to control your subconscious mind before thinking and making decisions is vital.
when you hear that something cant be done, ignore that advice and push forward.  anything is possible.

#possibilitiesareendless
you must unlearn before you can learn.

#education
a truly intelligent person is the dumbest person on the team he is leading.

#smart #lead
meeting with our closest advisors as well as associates and friends.  think you can achieve success on your own?  i can't.  

#team
life will push you around. each push is life saying, wake up! theres something i want you to learn.
if you're still doing what mommy and daddy said for you to do (go to school, get a job, and save money), you're losing. 

#changeyourcontext
as in #life, when deciding what to invest in or when starting a business, stay true to yourself.  #smart #passion #integrity
donald trump told me the key to good luck is not letting anything be a back-burner. to excel on a big level everything must be important.
"leadership is a gift; it is given by those who follow.  you must be worthy of it."  

~ general mark a. welsh iii, usaf

#humility
most don't know the difference between advice from rich people and advice from sales people. sales people profit even if you lose.
you cannot be all things to all people. be unique. be different. give to others what u want yourself. and do what u were made to do #simple
take the time to see the genius that's already around you; ur job as the leader is to help ur team members realize their individual #genius
success isn't for the #coward or the #lazy. it takes #vision, hard work and determination.
you are #smart and have a lot of knowledge; dont let that #knowledge hold you back.
education is a powerful tool. it can open the world to you or stifle you with false filters. choose your teachers wisely.
nice guys do not finish last. last place is for the #cowards and those too full of #fear to take action.
you cannot be all things to all people. dont be afraid to make people mad; your honesty will inspire your true followers.
predicting the market is not the key to riches; being prepared for whichever direction it goes is.
passion properly directed is unstoppable.
piss them off, make them cry and inspire them with the #truth.
if theres a beauty of #greed, its that it can overcome #fear.
investing is less #risky than being an employee. skilled investors are in control of their investments; employees are controlled by a #boss
making mistakes isnt enough to become #great; you must also admit the #mistake, and then learn how to turn that mistake into an advantage.
every time fiat currency is printed, who loses?  the people who play by the old rules.
this economy is like a house of cards and it can't be propped up forever by the #fed.
your reputation is your foundation.

#integrity #character
a goal is different from a wish; you may wish to be rich, but that doesnt mean youve ever taken any steps to make this wish come true.
honest people do not do #business with dishonest people.
good is not good enough.
to become wealthy, you must do things most people will not do.
being an #entrepreneur is not a get-rich scheme; it takes #strength of character to keep going.
it takes strength of character to be an #entrepreneur.
it is insanity to say, "save money," when money is no longer money.
face your #fear and you can #conquer the world.
life isnt fair; it never will be.  get over it and strive on.
want #wealth? let go of your anchors and inhibitions and change yourself.
never stop seeking #knowledge; once you do, #ignorance sets in.
successful people dont #fear failure but understand that its necessary to learn and grow from.
change starts with you.
assets that #cash flow will generate income for generations.  generations!  think about that!
many people believe in god, but their actions show that they do not trust god.
great opportunities are not seen with your eyes. they are seen with your mind.
rituals are sacred.  rituals in #business unite and give leaders #power, a power few leaders have.
@momomeans, with the #fed pumping billions into the economy, i believe it's artificially propped up.
the most #successful people in life are the ones who ask questions. theyre always learning. theyre always growing. theyre always pushing.
@eugeneopperman, not yet.  soon!
teachers have it #wrong. the right answer on a piece of paper doesn't mean anything; learning comes from mistakes.
true #education makes you feel #stupid. it makes you realize you have so much more to learn.
so-called experts are often educated by books, not by #experience.
god does not deem you to be #lucky or #unlucky... your mindset does.
the level of learning isnt the same if its someone elses #mistake. most lessons are learned through mistakes...your mistakes.  #ownup
with incomes stagnant and the higher cost of #debt payments and tuition, #students are paying more to earn less.
in the world of #entrepreneurs, you dont need a college education. you need a proper #education.
in the world of #money and #investing, you must learn to control your emotions; high emotions equal low #intelligence.
would you rather have an unfair advantage or equality? if equality, go work at the post office; thats equality - also known as socialism.
a good #leader is always looking for people #smarter than they are. if you are the smartest one in the room, then you are #stupid.
my criteria for an investment are four things: what is the project, who are the partners, what is the financing, who will manage it?
god speaks through intuition.  the stronger your spirit, the clearer the #voice and the bolder your actions.
too many people rely on what their friends tell them, what they read and the latest news on tv. be smarter than that!!!
too many people rely on what their friends tell them, what they read and the latest news on tv. be smarter than that!!!
you need to have the courage to fail.
if you #fail, learn. if you succeed, relish your #success. you can only know the sweet taste of #victory after many bitter struggles.
assets produce income whether you work or not.  how liberating is that?
dont be most people; most #people dont achieve their #dreams.
if your #business is to grow and prosper, as a #leader, you need to focus on people development.
when you think you are #smart, you become #arrogant.  when you are arrogant, you stop learning.  never stop learning.
the only constant in life is change.  are you able to change with it?
everyone makes mistakes.  the question is, do you learn from yours?
buy time for yourself; hire an employee. #entrepreneur
old-school teaching says to save money all while the dollar becomes worth less; old-school thinking is making multitudes of people #poor.
cynics criticize and winners analyze; know the difference.
dont just try to find a great #opportunity, find an opportunity and make it great.
tax laws are written with incentives for entrepreneurs and investors; you can make more money and pay less taxes  legally!
@kimkiyosaki and i talk w @bertdohmen in a few minutes on @siriusxm talkradio ch. 246 at 3pm et on how to make sense of a senseless #economy.
join me and @kimkiyosaki on @siriusxm talkradio ch. 246 at 3pm et as we talk with @bertdohmen on how to make sense of a senseless #economy
be the master of money, not a slave to money. for those who are like, "i'm not a slave!", if you get a paycheck, you're a slave to #money.
you cannot teach a #poor spirit to be #rich.
one's #environment is stronger than will.
if you do not have knowledge, if you do not seek wisdom, then you have no chance.
when i am asked, is #realestate a good investment?  my reply is,  i dont know.  are you a good real estate #investor?
can't sleep and was looking at our next #investment.  we never save money. before we receive money, we know where we are going to invest it.
anyone can be an #entrepreneur; all it takes is drive and ambition.  #doyouhavewhatittakes ?
it's true that money is not the most important thing in life, but #money does affect everything that is important in #life.
in the digital age, the richest people are #entrepreneurs.
you will make mistakes, but if you learn from those mistakes, those mistakes will become wisdom and wisdom is essential to becoming richer.
i often hear, id rather be #happy than #rich.  since when did those two things have to be exclusive of each other?  be both!!
those who are #humble enough to know they must learn anew will succeed in this new age.
investments are not inherently smart or #dumb; a smart #investor makes an #investment smart.
people dont improve their standing in #life because they invest #money but dont invest in their own financial education.
happy #fathersday! having benefited from having 2dads, i appreciate the role a dad plays in the life of his child. enjoy ur day.u deserve it
join me on @siriusxm talkradio ch. 246 today at 3:00 pm et as i talk with dr. radha gopalan on how #money affects your #health.
comfort breeds laziness.
@nashlin_naidoo, ur pessimistic view is misleading.  what does the worker and #boss have in common in frost's quote? they're both employees.
health, wealth and happiness are not found in the search for comfort.
when you say, "i can't," you rip yourself off.
if your decisions are made to avoid mistakes, you avoid learning.
the choice is easy.  the follow-through is the hard part.  my latest blog is available
challenge yourself. stay uncomfortable!
"do something every day that scares you." - eleanor roosevelt

i love that.
the most dangerous of human traps is the dungeon of comfort.
action beats inaction.  always!
don't beat yourself up for making mistakes; it's the way you learn.
the best defense is to be disarmingly truthful - to others and to yourself.
when times are really bad is when times are about to get really good.  strive on.
your #team defines you.
a leader accepts responsibility when things go wrong and praises the #team when they succeed.
when your team keeps going through exhaustion, through challenges and through being uncomfortable, you know you have the right #team.
the bigger your #goal, the bigger the #mistakes, the bigger the #lesson.
to be academically #successful (no mistakes) you have to do the opposite of financially successful (make many #mistakes).
making #mistakes can be good; lying about them is #criminal.
being an #entrepreneur is simply going from one #mistake to the next; correct and move on.
excuses are comforting; they allow you to be content with where you are. don't find excuses and don't seek #comfort.
growth and #personaldevelopment only happens under pressure and #stress.
what hinders personal #success? a: being comfortable.
look for your #mistake; do not run from it.
you cannot be free until you break your #addiction to #money. doesn't apply to u? if u only get paid when u r working, then u r #addicted!
wealth isn't about what you make it's about how much you keep and taxes are a big part of that.  my latest blog is up
the biggest trap, the biggest dungeon in life isn't laziness or bad luck, it's comfort.  don't get #trapped
the world is moving so fast. keep your #momentum going. never stop.
there isn't one #answer; there are multiple answers. go find yours.
when you are #comfortable, you are not vulnerable; growth only happens when you are #vulnerable.
@yak2yeti information without action is worthless; if u r not going to act on the information u r learning, u might as well stop altogether
new thoughts in your #brain is adding new energy to your brain; this should be done daily.
when you get comfortable with your problems, you do nothing about them. #pain #money #relationships, etc. get uncomfortable and do something
if your mind is too #strong, it can destroy your #soul.
you must have the #courage to overcome the #fear that knowledge can bring.
if you play the blame #game, its hard to #win at life.
to #fail harder means to try harder.
#wealth is what you seek, not being rich. let me know your thoughts on my latest blog
just got back from salt lake city...new #business opp being explored. don't be stagnant. always be doing something to achieve ur #success
investing is a plan, not a product or a procedure.
make your money on the buy, not the sell; this is true in any #investment whether it's real estate, #business, or the stock market.
investing isnt risky; not being in control is risky.
the biggest #mistake is not making enough mistakes. . . of course, that was never my #problem.
rt @wsj gold-lost luster?
often, the more money you make the more money you spend; thats why more money doesnt make you #rich  #assets make you rich.
a leaders job isnt just to be a good person, but to bring out the #best in his people.
there is no fairness when it comes to #money; either youre a #winner or a loser.
remember, there are only two emotions that drive a #market: greed and fear. right now, #greed is in control.
when you believe in your path and mission, you don't need to apologize.  you need to push harder!
falling in love is easy; staying in #love is hard." this is so true with #business partners as well as life partners.  don't i know it.
if you're learning to #invest, but dont take action, youve done nothing more than those who never bothered to #learn in the first place.
when #investing, and in #life, you dont need to know every answer, you just need to know who to call for the answer.
when asking an #investor for #money, it is best to speak less and listen more.  unlike #school, the one who drabbles on the most loses.
here's a #mind bender for most: it's ideal when #youretheweakestlink on your #team.  tough to swallow but suck it up. #challengeyourthoughts
rt @wsj: avg student #debt up for 2013: $30k.
when times are tough, we get our #energy from our #spirit. #nourishthesoul
if there is one thing #life has taught me, it's that mistakes are a better #teacher than books, manuals, or lectures.
it's #tragic to see people sell themselves short on whats possible for their lives; take the time to discover the #possibilities.
rt@wsj "#powerball ticket in fl
rt @kimkiyosaki "there is no #weekend on your trek to being financially free." what you do in your spare time defines your level of #success
@moaggarw, my bet is that the #usd ends just like every other fiat #currency in history.
@moaggarw, mankind over a millenia would disagree with you that it has no value. no interest/dividend but it is a hedge against #inflation
#gold and #silver are getting pounded. i wonder what's truly behind the drop.  the #fed? at any rate, it may be a potential opportunity to add
the difference between a rich person and poor person is how they manage #fear
watch what the #idiots are doing and do the opposite.
the problem with school is that you often become what you study instead of owning what you study.  #besomeoneelsesboss
rt @kimkiyosaki "if you dont like something, then change it; dont whine about it.  #frustrating"  i may have heard this a time or two.
the words "i can't afford it" are a lie and your spirit knows it.  #striveon
@jessecosme, i would prefer he, or anyone else, didn't have to rely on a paycheck to experience life to the fullest.
overheard someone say they're going to book a #trip once their paycheck clears; living life based on the size of your paycheck isn't #living
choose your thoughts; dont react to emotion. #choosewisely
just finished meeting with some of my employees who are tasked with leading our latest initiative. #empowermentfuelsthesoul
@act_love_hope, i like the breakdown of focus as follow one course until successful.
are your words making you poor?  my latest blog is now available at
the public's skepticism in the #nyse has seemed to have fallen off amid the new records. caution. #bernankebubble
the biggest trap, the biggest dungeon in life isn't laziness or bad luck; it's comfort.  #comfortisseductive
@bibihanum waiting for anything is a waste and will likely get you nothing; take action and go after it. #inlifenothingisgiven
thinking about my weekly meeting with partners and employees at rich dad. #latenight #brainstorm
do you learn faster by reading a how-to-ride manual or by getting on the bicycle?  the same is true in investing. #failurebreedsfreedom
passion makes work fun; it also helps overcome the trying times that are sure to come.
@i3bdullahj, haha. touch
to all the moms and moms-to-be, happy mothers day!
@douglasdelgadol, i invest for cash flow, which can be had in any market if you're diligent enough.
@mcmath_ad, my pt to him was if he's not pushing the limits, making mistakes and learning from them, he's won't realize his true potential.
@ladymccutcheon, when do you learn the most?  when you attempt something, make a mistake (fail), and learn what not to do the next time.
i'm on a "failure" kick. i think it's because it's so counter-intuitive to people; the lesson behind it is powerful #failurebreedsfreedom
i dont see my mistakes as failures; i see them as nuggets of new wisdom.  #failurebreedsfreedom
@wilson_saavedra inspiration without action behind it is wasted.  every day is an opportunity to do something for a better tomorrow.
failure inspires winners. failure defeats losers. remember, as long as you learn something in the process #failurebreedsfreedom
passion pushes you to learn more, create more and to create better.
be a man; ask for help.  your partners, both personally and in #business, will applaud you for it.
courage is overcoming fear. courage is found in knowledge and team. my coaches can provide you with both.
"one day your life will flash before your eyes. make sure it's worth watching." - gerard way
one of the biggest defects in life is the inability to ask for help.
taxes are revenue neutral. the taxman takes and the taxman gives. do what the government wants done and you get tax breaks.
freeing your mind brings real money.
the losers in life think they have all the answers. they cant learn because theyre too busy telling everyone what they know.
true passion is infectious.
you, and only you, are responsible for your life choices and decisions.
leaders hate rooms of people agreeing; a leader values friction.
there is no downtime for a leader; they never stop leading.
the educational process must inspire you and bring out your genius, not punish you for poor performance on a test.
unfortunately, if you motivate externally rather than inspire internally, motivation becomes manipulation.
don't volunteer to have your money stolen; choose your partners, both in life and business, wisely.
when did we, as people, get so pessimistic?  get back to being a kid again; the world is your oyster.  why limit yourself?
think it's a fantasy to #becomerich?  if so, you're right.

my blog, "what does it take to get rich?," has posted
my friend jack bergman said, "there are four types of people that a good leader must recognize and deal with:  1. a good person doing...
in school, if you make mistakes, you're programmed that you're dumb. in the corporate world, if you make mistakes, you're fired. 

how...
create an environment for people to fail, to learn, and to grow.
fail harder - but only do so if you are willing to learn when you do.
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite radio channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the shows are also available the following...
out of every bad partnership, i have met good partners.
the entitlement mentality in our upcoming generations is eroding the foundation that our country was built on.
greed or generosity, what do you think schools teach?
it is insanity to say, "your house is an asset," when it is really a liability.  yes, there are some people who still believe this.
through investing and business, you will see a world few people ever see.
my latest blog, "why valedictorians fail," has posted. 
there is a disturbing and growing trend of a sense of entitlement; the only things you are entitled to are life, liberty, and the pursuit...
millions of retirees, or soon-to-be retirees, live in fear of outliving their retirement savings.
i heard these lyrics on the radio this morning, ive been worrying that we all live our lives in the confines of fear.  thats my worry...
youre being cheated  education, taxes, and inflation are robbing you blind.
when you discuss your true purpose in life, you find god.
let your past be your past so that the future is your own.
if you make a mistake for the right reason, you should be rewarded.
schools manufacture people who think that they're smart but they're not. schools also manufacture people who think that they're dumb but...
some thoughts on the latest action in #gold.
your path to #success may not be the one you've been told.

please share your thoughts about my latest blog. 
failure inspires winners.  failure defeats losers.
cash flow is far different than profit. i strongly suggest you find the difference.
we are teaching kids the robin hood philosophy of economics: "take from the rich and give to the poor."  it's also known as socialism.
the losers in life cant push themselves because they think theyve already arrived.
it is fun to fail.
every time you don't fulfill a promise, you lose power.
no peeking.  what is special about this u.s. dollar?
money is a precessionall event.  if you do what you were created to do, money will find you.
on the subject of money and investing, everyone looks for the answer.  there is no one answer. the type of person you are and your level...
i recently read this,"god must not think much of money; look who he gives it to."  that is laziness and absolves the person of all...
just read this,"god must not think much of money; look who he gives it to."  that's lazy and absolves the person of responsibility.
if you want your child to have an unfair advantage in life, teach them about money and money's impact on history - teach them the real...
don't tell me student loans are a good way to learn about debt.  (yes, i've heard that before.)  a short video
for many, a student loan will be the proverbial albatross around their neck for life.
parents are the teachers who provide the foundational building blocks of education.          find out how to do more in "why 'a'...
the interesting thing about coaching is that you have to trouble the comfortable and comfort the troubled.       ~ ric charlesworth...
if a child has a strong financial education from home, they can do what they love and still do well financially.
a savvy family will use money problems - and working through solutions - as a way to grow smarter together.  i encourage you to do the...
governments are going bust, unable to fund the retirement pension plans of their public workers.  how will governments afford...
the road to success isn't necessarily the one you've been told.  my latest blog post is available here
in 2012, the u.s. government finally admitted that the social security fund will be bankrupt by 2033. 
find out more in robert's newest...
make time to discuss real-life money problems [with your children] when they occur in the course of everyday life.  talk about the...
in 2011, college loan debt surpassed credit card debt for the first time - over $1 trillion in the u.s. alone.
please share if you agree:
in april of 2012, less than 50 percent of america's graduating class was able to find meaningful employment - many found jobs but are...
find out how in robert's newest title "why 'a' students work for 'c' students" at
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite radio channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the shows are also available the following...
creating an environment in which your child is free to discuss his or her dreams - even the most grandiose visions of the future - is a...
most people choose quadrants out of fear rather than inspiration.  people choose the e quadrant because they fear not having money....
when should you start teaching your child about money?  start when they can tell the difference between a $1 bill and a $5 bill.
schools are more focused on greed, not generosity.       find out more with a free chapter download from "why 'a' students work for 'c'...
for the first time in america, many believe their children will not do better financially than their parents. find out how to do more...
are schools preparing your child for the real world?
please "like" or "share" if you believe we can do better.    
find out how to do more with a free chapter download from "why 'a' students...
since our schools won't, it is up to parents to give their children the financial education required for the real world, a world that...
join me now as i interview with arthur kade. we'll be discussing how to teach children about money and my new book, "why 'a' students...
don't bury your failures.  let them inspire you.
predicting the market is not the key to wealth; being prepared for whichever direction it goes is.
luck is created, just like money is.  create your own.
every time i have been arrogant, i have lost money.
to spend your life living in fear, never exploring your dreams, is cruel.
all upsets are opportunities to learn the truth.
passion is a powerful force; if properly channeled, it is unstoppable.
problems are life's doorways to opportunities.
the old proverb asks, "what good is it for someone to gain the whole world, yet lose your soul?"  the key is to have both!
focus is power measured over time.
arrogance is ego plus ignorance.
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the shows are also available wednesday on our...
if you have bad partners, whatever you touch will turn bad. if you have great partners, everything you touch will turn to gold.
if everyone who read rich dad poor dad started a business and hired 3 workers, we would create 90 million jobs... and save the world. we...
please like or share if you agree
rather than using your financial education to just make you rich, use your financial education to enrich the lives of others too.
the biggest problem with having leaders who are weak in terms of financial education is that it promotes greed and corruption and greed.
watch kim and me and our rich dad coaches during this must-see online event, free to members of rich dad world with promo code:...
please like or share if you agree 

if you don't give people rules they make up their own.
please like or share if you agree
entrepreneurs don't finish when we are tired. we finish when we are done.
get a behind the scenes look at the essential elements to a winning deal from kim, myself and my rich dad coaches. join our exclusive...
simplicity is genius  albert einstein
easy money can make you weak. entitlement makes you weak. people are looking to strengthen their spirit not weaken it.
you don't truly know who is on your team until the going gets tough.
negative thoughts are not protecting you. they are making you smaller.
to make a change, don't lead the masses. lead the leaders.
when you get a lesson you must continuously reinforce it or you will loose the lesson.
your thoughts are not the real you. learn to identify, then control your negative thoughts.
rich dad scam #4: live below your means. read more:
whatever you are involved in, you are either adding benefit or harming it. there is no middle ground.
your mind is not your friend. your mind tells you why you can't. your heart has your best interest.
if your coach/mentor does not practice what is preached... fire him! here are my rich dad coaches:
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the shows are also available wednesday on our...
are you surviving or thriving? i'm surviving, but not due to school.
do you really want your child to be an employee? home is where the programming begins. you have the change and duty to teach them about...
all decisions are emotional. if it is not emotional, it is boring. boring people are generally poor leaders and poor sales people.
companies want you to be able to adapt, learn, and change quickly. by the time you master a subject in college it's out dated and so are...
i propose we start a 2nd school system to teach young people to be capitalists and offer financial education. then parents can choose...
making money is a mindset. if your mindset says that money is evil, then youll never have any.
schools were designed to create employees for the big corporations. is that what you want for your children? click share if you want more.
teachers tell you 'go to school and get a job', even though there are no more jobs.
financial planners are henchmen for banks and mutual funds. they sell you their products, take your money, charge you fees, and use your...
i write constantly about getting rich. rich isnt the goal, happiness is. rich is just a shortcut to getting your happiness.
you get rich because you do things most people will not do. success requires sacrifice. you must be willing to make those sacrifices.
the basis of leadership is courage. courage is required when facing any challenge. to develop leadership, constantly put yourself in...
issuing shares of stock or membership interest certificates is one way to own and control a company. read more:
leadership is about two things: honesty and respect. neither are easy, thats why there are so few good leaders.
careful who you get advice from. i get advice from people who are where i want to be.
right now there are old, worthless ideas in your head stopping you. conquer those and youll conquer any thing.
my coach just destroyed me. he kicked me when i was down... i got up faster and worked harder. a good coach can make the man:...
i focus on the path and process i must take to succeed. most people will focus on why they cant do something (fear).  others focus on...
hitting rock bottom is freeing. no one has any more expectations for you. the only remaining expectation is your own. are you strong...
most people dont even begin if they dont know how.  its because you dont know that should make you want to start. trust me; youll learn.
are you stuck in a rut and worried about your finances and retirement? i can relate...
every time you quit, someone else gets your prize. every time you make a mistake, you get closer to yours.
be careful, experts are often educated by books, but not educated through experience.
be careful, experts are often educated by books, but not educated through experience.
god does not deem you to be lucky or unlucky... youre mindset does.
be careful from whos eyes you see the world through.
get the answers to your most pressing questions about investing with my rich dad coaches during a must-see event, free! learn about the...
its stupid to work hard for money. use other peoples money and energy to make you rich. instead, work hard for knowledge.
the power of good advice: why paying more means getting rich. 
get the answers to your most pressing questions about investing with my rich dad coaches during a must-see event, free! learn about the...
rich dad poor dad was written to help your mind grasp that you can invest successfully and then to inspire you to take action.
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the shows are also available wednesday on our...
the more you learn, the more you know you dont know.
most don't know the difference between advice from rich people and advice from sales people. dont get your financial advice from the...
the keys to success, in business and in life, are truthfulness, the ability to take and give honest and well-intended feedback, and...
with incomes stagnant and the higher cost of debt, payments and tuition, students are paying more to earn less.
reduce investment risks on your journey to financial freedom: think you are a conservative investor? think again.

join my rich dad team for our live book study. it only lasts 15 minutes but the lessons can be life changing:...
in the world of entrepreneurs, you dont need a college education. you need a proper education.
at the end of the day, one of the biggest educations you learn as you grow up is that most people dont want to help you. you are...
a key to success is to have your thoughts, words, and actions so integrated and congruent its as if they are operating as one.
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the shows are also available wednesday on our...
most with college degrees have zero financial education. my rich dad often said, "what you don't know keeps you poor."
i buy value. i will pay more for value. if i don't like the price, i simply pass. if the seller wants to sell, he will come back with a...
would you rather have an unfair advantage or equality? if equality, go work at the post office. thats equality, also known as socialism.
money is sticky. dont touch it! before you get it, know where you are moving it to, or it will stop, get comfortable and buy you a doodad.
join my rich dad team for our live book study. it only lasts 15 minutes but the lessons can be life changing:...
i dont go for perfect; i go for excellent. the way to become excellent is through practice.
one trait of a good partner is a person who cares about more than money. find a person who is a giver, whether it be money, time or wisdom.
god speaks through intuition.  the stronger your spirit, the clearer the voice and the bolder your actions.
the american energy revolution - astonishingly, present trends suggest the united states may cease to import any oil at all by 2020 or...
my criteria for an investment is four things: what is the project, who are the partners, what is the financing, who will manage it?
is having financial freedom just a dream to you, or are you currently taking steps to make it a reality?
a good leader is always looking for people smarter and more experienced than they are. if you are the smartest one in the room, then you...
some banks are charging customers for holding their savings. thus, losing money through saving money.  more proof that savers are losers.
success is found by not doing what the a students do. watch what the c students do.
rd store: we're having a fire sale!!! for our social friends and family, multiple products that have outdated covers on...
if you want to be rich, choose your friends carefully.
there's the rich, the poor, and the tax payers...also known as the middle class.
the moment you stop learning you're dying.
wimp = where is my paycheck 
pimp = put in my pocket
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the shows are also available wednesday on our...
financial planners are salespeople. they are not teachers. get your education from someone not getting a commission.
money is no longer real, its fake money backed by nothing. saving counterfeit money is insanity pure insanity.
donald j. trump coined the phrase multilevel focusing. i love it. its when two ideas intersect and form a new innovation.
success takes an investment in time, dedication, and sacrifice. this is true education. it is a process.
join my rich dad team for our live book study. it only lasts 15 minutes but the lessons can be life changing:...
why the decisions you make, make the difference between rich and poor. 

the current idea of money is abstract and has no foundation to keep it honest. it exploits the nature of humans to cheat and steal.
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the shows are also available wednesday on our...
being debt free is financial insanity. good debt is the key to wealth building.
one of the reasons the poor are poor is because they do not invest money or time into their financial education.
most women can have it all. the bigger question is do you want it all?
life is always found at the boundary. at the edge.
free for social media family! join robert and the rich dad team for two must-see events, free to members of rich dad world with promo...
join my rich dad team for our live book study. it only lasts 15 minutes but the lessons can be life changing:...
awakening your financial genius: find a reason to be rich.
everyone can tell you the risk. an entrepreneur can see the reward.
did you miss roberts predictions for 2013? watch it for free and learn to prepare for financial success. bonus: go inside the latest...
a child's genius is found in their dreams.
dreams are not easy. dreams are painful. they force work and commitment. they are challenging and motivating.
humility is the first step towards learning. you cant learn until you are humble enough to realize there is something for you to learn.
if you want to be a rich person, or become a richer person,  dont let the poor person inside of you do your talking
a poem from my rich dad, investors invest when they know the way and gamblers bet  and then hope and pray.
those who are humble enough to know they must learn anew will succeed in this new age.
humans cannot find freedom until they let go of old, obsolete ideas.
an old proverb says, "arrogance diminishes wisdom"...
my advisor garrett is now on twitter! follow him at: 
i keep hearing, id rather be happy then rich. why not be both?!?
the longer you actively invest  the smarter you become and the smarter you become the richer you get.
japans economy and stock market have gone from being incredibly dull to being remarkably interesting almost...
robert needs your help! cast your vote right now for robert as he defends his "title" as #1 personal finance expert for 2012!...
robert needs your help! cast your vote right now for robert as he defends his "title" as #1 personal finance expert for 2012!...
cast your vote... robert defends his "title" (#1 personal finance expert for 2011)
with
christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful. - norman vincent peale
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the shows are also available wednesday on our...
the key to life is to be happy with or without money.  money only magnifies who you really are.
anyone can be an entrepreneur. all it takes is a little drive and ambition.
in the information age, the richest people are entrepreneurs.  we may not ever become a king or a queen but we can all be entrepreneurs.
cast your vote... robert defends his "title" (#1 personal finance expert for 2011)

with
bankers and tax breaks do not make real estate a great investment.  you do.
when i am asked, is real estate a good investment?  my reply is,  i dont know.  are you a good real estate investor?
join my rich dad team for our live book study. it only lasts 15 minutes but the lessons can be life changing:...
the key to overcoming bad habits is to overcome your fear, which, when it comes to money, starts with...
we never save money. before we get money we know where we are going to invest it.
courage is overcoming fear. courage can be found in knowledge and faith in your team.
people achieve success when they take a leap of faith and face what they dont know and move forward with fierce determination.
cast your vote... robert defends his "title" (#1 personal finance expert for 2011)
with
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the shows are also available wednesday on our...
its what in your head that determines how much money is in your hands.
imagination is more important than knowledge  einstein
cast your vote... robert defends his "title" (#1 personal finance expert for 2011)
with
money is only an idea. if you want more money change your ideas.
get ready to face the unexpected on your journey to financial freedom
information alone will not get you to your dreams and life goals. it takes more than that. it takes transforming into a person of action.
passion is a powerful force. passion properly directed is unstoppable.
my advisor garrett is now on twitter! follow him at:
focus is about freeing up your time to say yes to the really important things in your life and no to everything else.
2013 predictions to survive and thrive in 2013.
in march of 2008 during an interview on cnn, i predicted the lehman brothers would fall...
rich dad said, if you play the blame game, its hard to win at life.
cast your vote... robert needs your help as he defends his "title" (#1 personal finance expert for 2011) with
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the shows are also available wednesday on our...
its important to look at where you are now to get to where you want to be financially.
successful people ask questions. they seek new teachers. theyre always learning.
if you want to be rich, learning to control your subconscious mind before thinking and making decisions is vital.
the only person who is going to give you security and the life you want is you.
how to defeat your inner chicken little of fear and doubt
i understand investing can be scary. but it less scary than being left behind in this economy.
you need a teacher to grow. a teacher is a motivator, an experienced investor, a guider through your goals and a demander of action.
cast your vote... robert defends his "title" (#1 personal finance expert for 2011)
with
sign up now for the free live webinar monday night! our team will be presenting.
sign up now for the free live webinar monday night! our team will be presenting.
excuses are simply lies you tell yourself.
i had a teacher once who kicked me when i was down. he kicked me when until i got up. best teacher ever! when youre willing to get that...
when in trouble, be humble, write down the mistakes youve made and why you made them, and then seek help from successful people in those...
criticism is easier to take when you realize that the only people who arent criticized are those who dont take risks.
join my rich dad team for our live book study. it only lasts 15 minutes but the lessons can be life changing:...
vision, without the emotional strength to focus only lead to dreams, delusions, and hallucinations.
when you lead you must be open minded enough to ask others what they see. just because you cant see something doesnt mean it doesnt...
when you lead you must be open minded enough to ask others what they see. just because you cant see something doesnt mean it doesnt...
control the subconscious part of your brain voice and your emotional and intellectual strength will make you unstoppable.
in life and in business, there are many types of people you will have to work with. approach them from their needs, not your own.
in order to be successful, i had to be willing to grow and change to become whoever i needed to be.
financial freedom is freedom from fear
rather than go to school and become what youve studied, i encourage you to find your success by focusing on your asset column.
if you want to be financially-free, you need to become a different person than you are today and let go of whatever has held you back in...
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
bring your genius to the surface... and get uncomfortable
a great teacher is deaf at the right time - when i make excuses. blind at the right time - when all i see are roadblocks. and forceful at...
the key to my success is rising above situations and becoming a better person. personal development leads to success.
you cannot be all things to all people. be unique. be different. give to others what you want yourself. and do what you were made to do.
we must use our personal gifts for ourselves and as many others as possible. to do this is to tap into true joy and true abundance.
focus is power. your ability to focus your personal powers determines what you achieve in life.
making mistakes isnt enough to become great. you must also admit the mistake, and then learn how to turn that mistake into an advantage.
you are smart and have a lot of knowledge, but knowledge without actions is merely arrogance.
financial struggle is often the direct result of people working all their lives for someone else.
the good news is that you don't have to start your own business to find success. keep your job, but start buying real assets, not...
my advisor says, rich people own dont own assets but do own corporations that own assets. - sutton law center
asset can be anything as long as it has value, produces income or appreciates, and has a ready market. assets put money in your pocket.
join my rich dad team for our live book study. it only lasts 15 minutes but the lessons can be life changing:...
when you have to cling to your job in order to survive, you're unable to take any risks.
rather than blame others for where you are in life, today i encourage you to look within yourself and see where you can make changes...
by focusing on your asset column, you'll find your path to financial security and wealth much clearer and surer.
making more money is only helpful if you use the money you make to purchase cash-flowing assets that in turn help you make more money.
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
one of the many reasons i chose to work predominantly in big business and investing is because of tax advantages.
its the fast that eat the slow. in order to survive, you must be able to think and adapt at the speed of information.
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
making money isnt  about what you learned in school. its more  about who we are at the coreour values, strengths, weaknesses, and...
join my rich dad team for our live book study. it only lasts 15 minutes but the lessons can be life changing:...
you are very smart and have a lot of knowledge, but dont let that knowledge hold you back.
money is important, yet i dont want to spend my life working for it.
dont listen to the rich. watch the rich. dont do what they say, do what they do.
you can improve your spirit by increasing your financial intelligence.
you are responsible for your own financial education.
never allow your passion to fly be overtaken by the ease and safety of walking.
the belief that you have mean is the first step to finding your passion.
smart investors look at every deal from many different angles. that allows the entrepreneur to find several correct answers to one question.
there is nothing more dangerous than a person with only one right answer.
creating your business. watch my rich dad coaches to learn how to start building wealth in today's economy. this event is free to members...
join my rich dad team for our live book study. it only lasts 15 minutes but the lessons can be life changing:...
change creates upsets. both create learning
investing is not risky. what is risky is not investing in your financial education.
character is destiny. if you can get good character on your business team, you can be unstoppable.
the more people you serve, the more effective you become
all upsets are opportunities to know the truth.
problems are the doors to opportunities.
everyone is given two great gifts: your mind and your time. it is up to you to do what you please with both
once youve learned what a true asset is, the next lesson towards wealth is the difference between capital gains and cash flow.
look in the mirror. by robert kiyosaki. does the power of money control you?
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
the very first step to becoming financially literate and wealthy is to learn the real difference between an asset and a liability.
be willfully ignorant. you have a dream; pursue it with passion.
passion is a powerful force. passion properly directed is unstoppable.
dont let knowledge hold you back. still dream and believe you can achieve those dreams.
making money and making the world a better place are not contrary to one another.
too many people rely on what their friends tell them, what they read and the latest gossip on television. you're smarter than that!!!...
its not about the money. its about creating a business out of your lifes purpose and mission.
the old proverb asks, whats the point of gaining the world if you lose your soul? the key is to have both.
the #1 rule for getting rich... it's not about how much money you make. it's about how much money you keep.
a friend sent this too me. how many people must feel this way because they are working on their job instead of working on themselves?
what is your why? if its to just make more money, look deeper. attach to it on an emotional level, something that will keep the...
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
the only person who is going to give you security and the life you want is you.
information alone will not get you to your dreams and life goals. it takes more than that. it takes transformation.
passion is a powerful force. passion properly directed is unstoppable.
my asset protection and entity creation lawyer garrett sutton is offering you his services for free!
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
whatever it takes, for as long as it takes by richard duncan
in flight school, i studied in the morning and flew in the afternoon.  study without application is a waste of time.
discover the truth of who you are and reach your financial freedom goals faster...
to be an entrepreneurs or successful investor you must have two characteristicsignorance and courage.
if you want to be rich, learning to control your subconscious mind before thinking and making decisions is vital.
poor work for moneyand the rich dont. what do you work for?
if you want to be financially-free, you need to become a different person than you are today and let go of whatever has held you back in...
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
6 things you can start implementing in your life today for a dramatic improvement of how you experience your life and the success you...
"leadership under fire" isn't just leading. being on a team is the unfair advantage that robert talks about.
when your own mind tells you to quit, you must ignore your negative thoughts and press on.
when a person lies or refuses your orders, your first real test of your leadership skills is in front of you.
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
assets produce income whether you work or not.
when preparation meets opportunity the result is success.
when you hear that something cant be done, ignore that advice and push forward.
in business, size does matter. if you want to grow, people development is an essential component of the growth process. people...
shannon: here's robert's latest blog, "how can i afford that?"
if your business is to grow and prosper, as a leader, you need to focus on people development.
rituals are sacred.  rituals in business unite and give leaders power, a power few leaders have.
dont be so busy focusing on making money and solving problems that you fail to develop your key resourceyour people.
in order to sustain the integrity of the organization, a business must dedicate time and resources to education, leadership development,...
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
financial freedom is a mental, emotional and educational process.
love of learning and ritual of study give you extreme power.
the times they are a changin
credit, crisis and opportunity by richard duncan
passion is the beginning of success.please share if you agree.
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
afraid of change, then fail.
everyone's neuro pattern in their mind is as unique as their fingerprint. find your own genius.
don't be addicted to money. work to learn. don't work for money. work for knowledge.
do you feel rich? written by: robert kiyosaki
most of the people i respect dropped out of school. then they chose what they wanted to learn.
two important leadership skills are: how to unite to win as well as divide to win.  dividing is easy. uniting takes much more skill.
government is driving their own fiscal policy off a cliff. this is good news for you if...
please share if you agree
problems exist because the wrong professional had the wrong frame of mind.
weve turned our board game ($195 price) into a free web game. its a great way to learn and share with your friends. enjoy your...
one key to success is to engage the most flexible parts of your brain.
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
kids leave school addicted to money. shouldn't they leave addicted to learning?
your purpose or mission for your business needs to be about more than making money. it is a part of you. it must be engrained in you....
you cannot teach a poor spirit to be rich.
be the master of money, not a slave to money.
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
where has all the money gone?
professionals solve problems. amateurs create problems. which do you want to work with?
the traitor in your life is very often your own little voice.
hoping drains your energy. action creates energy.
success is accomplished when we become what we were designed to become.
by not solving past problems, government made the problems bigger today the problems are monsters. soon a new despots will rise to power.
heres my cashflow web game. please share with your  friends and start your own friendly game of cashflow:
do anything of worth in this world, it means you'll fail. and do anything big in this world, it means you'll fail big.
a goal is different from a wish. you may wish to be rich, but that doesnt mean youve ever taken any practical steps to make this wish...
dont place your faith in the elections. your only chance isyou.
wealth gives you time and therefore freedom-to make money, to give it away, and to be with your loved ones.
once you have knowledge, you can lay in wait for opportunity and seize it when it goes by.
more businesses fail from lack of leadership than from any other single factor.
prepare yourself for disappointment, and youll turn disappointment into an asset.
will divorce bring you happiness and financial freedom...
arrogance is ego plus ignorance.
you must have the courage to overcome the fear that knowledge can bring.
your most courageous act is to embrace failure. through failure, youll learn the most valuable lessons about business and life.
heres my cashflow web game. please share with your  friends and start your own friendly game of cashflow:
dont be most people. for most people, money is in control of their emotions and their souls.
if you fail, learn. if you succeed, relish your success. you can only know the sweet taste of victory after many bitter struggles.
fight for knowledge. question everything. question me. find the  truth and then take action. you wont get stronger listening to...
is it better to comfortable and dependent or uncomfortable and not dependent? please read and decide for yourself.
heres my cashflow web game. please share with your friends and start your own friendly game of cashflow:
tax laws are incentives for entrepreneurs and investors. if you follow the tax code you will make more money and pay less taxes  legally!
the key to becoming financially literate is to understand the four foundational principles of financial literacy. they are......
the rich dad radio show airs every saturday on xm satellite channel 168 at 3:00 pm et. the show will also be available the following...
dont believe the lies people tell you, or care more about what others think, rather than what you want to accomplish in life.
the good newsfor youis that most people in life quit. so, staying  in the game is half the battle and puts you light years ahead of...
money is a great barometer of peoples integrity. money often reveals who we really are.
the fear of losing is a chance to grow your courage.
listen to the advice from the one whos already achieved your goal.
heres my cashflow web game. please share with your friends and start your own friendly game of cashflow:
there is a good life waiting for you. its just waiting for you to grab it.
you are very smart and have a lot of knowledge, but dont let that knowledge hold you back...
dont miss this radio show! learn how to make more money and pay less in taxes!
even when you win you lose... if you didnt learn something
money and happiness go together, but they are not a cause-and-effect relationship.
live it up! buy everything you want just by the assets to pay for them first.
dont just try to find great opportunities. find an opportunity and make it great.
dont miss this radio show! learn how to make more money and pay less in taxes!
dont live below your means, instead expand your means.
here's our free cashflow game! share with your friends and learn how to invest with play money before using your real money....
stop being who and where you are and start being who you should be.
before you can transform your wallet from poor to rich, you've got to transform your spirit from poor to rich.
my friend just sent me this cartoon. he's a little "off" but... what do you think?
making money and making the world a better place are not contrary to one another. learn how to do both as i interview lisa and josh...
i use debt to buy assets. most people use debt to buy toys and liabilities.
entrepreneurs do not put up with bureaucracy. they fight through,  find a way around, or find a way take action outside of the red tape.
i'd rather get circumcised again then cut up my credit cards. learning to use debt wisely is the key to wealth.
heres my cashflow web game. please share with your friends and start your own friendly game of cashflow:
its not about the money. its about creating a business out of your lifes purpose and mission. learn how to do both as i interview lisa...
dont buy luxuries until youve built the assets to afford them
if you want to be financially-free, you need to become a different person than you are today and let go of whatever has held you back...
be careful of retirement plans. often they tend to be savings plans more than they are investing plans. saving does not create wealth.
financial intelligence is the  ability to convert cash or labor into assets that cash flow.
heres my cashflow web game. please share with your friends and start your own friendly game of cashflow:
strategy for investors in the 'i' quadrant is to get equity out and get debt in. simple and genius.
the news we get in the u.s. is in many cases not whats actually happening in certain parts of the world. here are just a few things i...
cash flow is far different than profit. i strongly suggest you find the difference.
my poor dad asked me what job i wanted when i grow up. my rich dad asked me what quadrant i wanted to be in.
rich dad is about teaching you how to mind your own business rather than having others run your life
richard duncan and i discuss his latest book, the new depression on rich dad radio. listen today on
richard duncan and i discuss his latest book, the new depression on rich dad radio. listen today on
teachers have it wrong. the right answer doesn't mean anything. learning comes from mistakes.
living on love can turn to hate once the bills pile up and there is no money.
i am a school teacher. my school is rich dad and you are my students. but my school is a business not a government handout
money is not worth destroying a great love affair over. being on the same track with money helps keeping love on the same track too.
to me, a wife should be a life partner and a business partner. just like any good partner, her strengths must make up for my weaknesses...
yes, there is some risk involved with investing, and it can be scary. but if you dont take control of your cash and move forward, you...
cynics criticize and winners analyze.
no matter where you live, or your background, the only people who will thrive in the future are those who think in a new-school way.
i dont want the government taking care of me. ive never felt entitled to anything. being dependent on government is old-school thinking.
investing isnt risky; not investing is risky.
the primary difference between rich people and poor people is how they handle fear.
the world is changing and that is good for some and bad for others. if you are nothing but bad news you need an enema to get your head...
there is always good and bad sides to everything.
this is the crisis of a lifetime - it will probably affect us for 20 to 30 years. this means you have time to get richer. dont blow it.
by making charity and investing in assets making expenses in his  budget, my rich dad ensured that he would make them a priority. he...
the only person who is going to give you security and the life you want is you.
predicting the market is not the key to riches; being prepared for  whichever direction it goes is.
one of the basic understandings of the rich is: good debt is debt that someone else pays for you. bad debt is debt you pay for.
money does not make you happy, but the lack of money can cause unhappiness.
the reason they are called brokers is because they are often broker than you.
guts, chutzpah, audacity, bravado daring, tenacity and brilliance decides ones future much more than school grades do.
we all have great potential, and we all are blessed with gifts. dont allow self-doubt to let you forget this.
often in the real world, its not the smart who get ahead, but the bold.
without the knowledge of making money the world pushes you around.
money is one form of power. but what is more powerful is financial  education.
when you know youre right, youre not afraid of fighting back
got student debt? are you about to get more? should you send your kid to college? is it worth the roi? this weeks show will help you...
my study of money will continue over my lifetime because the more i find out, the more i find out i need to know.
being on a tight budget, watching every penny you spend and foregoing any type of luxury whatsoever is no fun, but...
when it comes to money, most people want to play it safe and feel secure. passion does not directs them, fear does.
true learning takes energy, passion and a burning desire.
everyone wants the best for their kids, and people are willing to spend a lot of money to achieve that. the question should always be:...
dont let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning
life pushes you around. each push is life saying, wake up. theres something i want you to learn.
rich people buy luxuries last, while the poor and middle class tend to buy luxuries first.
make your money work for you. it works 24 hours and continues to work for generations.
the problem with school is that you often become what you study instead of owning what you study.
ya feel that? it's ya dreams dyin'. you gonna save 'em or what? cause they sure as hell ain't gonna make'emselves come to life.- dane cook
"i always tried to turn every disaster into an opportunity."- john d. rockefeller
the words, "i can't afford it" are a lie, and your spirit knows it.
you can wait to invest until you have all the answers, or you can find someone with the answers to help and coach you. the difference...
to become greater one must give more. my team of advisors is giving you their wisdom. follow them at:
failure inspires winners. failure defeats losers.
winning usually follows losing.
the primary difference between a rich person and a poor person is how they manage fear.
to be truly rich, we need to be able to give as well as receive.
the better you are at communicating, negotiating, and handling your fear of rejection, the easier life is.
play my free web game, cashflow 101
my poor dad's #1 priority was security. my rich dad's #1 priority was learning.
use your imagination to identify an opportunity to make money.
to live a life dictated by the size of a paycheck is not really living a life.
to spend your life living in fear, never exploring your dreams, is cruel.
to become greater one must give more. my team of advisors is giving you their wisdom. follow them at: 

never stop searching for information and self-knowledge. once you do, ignorance sets in.
life is the struggle between ignorance and illumination.
the main cause of poverty or financial struggle is fear and ignorance, not the economy or the government or the rich.
learn how to use debt to create wealth. my free web game, cashflow 101 can show you
peoples lives are forever controlled by two emotions: fear and greed.
every time i have been arrogant, i have lost money
its important to look at where you are now to get to where you want to be financially. here's how:
there is always risk. your job is to learn to manage risk rather than avoid it.
play the game of money with passion, make mistakes, correct, make more mistakes, correct, and get better.
most people never get wealthy simply because they are not trained to recognize opportunities right in front of them.
simple math and common sense are all you need to do well financially.
the problem with this world is not enough problem solvers. so, if you become a problem solver you become rich.
you can see the world as one of scarcity or one of abundance. you can play the blame game or the solutions game. its your choice.
financial genius requires both knowledge as well as courage.
most people struggle financially because they take advice from sales people, not rich people.
money will never make you happy if you are an unhappy person.
one of the primary reasons why people struggle financially is because they cannot control their emotion of fear.
an intelligent person hires people who are more intelligent than he is.
innovation is key. only those who have the agility to change with the market and innovate quickly will survive.
we must always be acutely aware of being careful about which thoughts we chose to adapt as our own.
courage is overcoming fear. courage is found in knowledge and team. my coaches can provide you with both.

if youre feeling like life isnt fair, and  if youre blaming others for your problems, i want to encourage you to change your mindset.
life isnt fair. it never will be. quit trying to make it fair. you dont need it to be fair. go make life unfair to your advantages.
life isnt fair. no one ever said it would be. but life is what you make it.
its not the money that makes the success  the money is simply a sign of success.
the power thoughts can never be measured or appreciated, but it is obvious that we need to be aware of our thoughts.
you dont need more money. to find out why read more:
excessive fear and self-doubt are the greatest detractors of personal genius.
excessive fear and self-doubt are the greatest detractors of personal genius.
the single most powerful asset we all have is our mind. if it is trained well, it can create enormous wealth.
bye bye capitalism, read more:
don't be afraid of your worst times. if you learn from them you'll look back on them as your best times
trying harder takes strength of character that most people simply dont possess.
are you destined to be part of the working poor? read more:
how can you fail harder? and why arent you doing it?
stress is the way intelligence grows. mental and emotional intelligence.
successful people take big risks knowing that they might fail hard. but, they might succeed more than they ever dreamed too.
successful people dont fear failure but understand that its necessary to learn and grow from.
fail harder. you cannot be successful without failure.
industrial age companies  and those who operate like them  are toast, and entrepreneurs, and those who can think like them, are winners.
your house is not your asset. you never own your house; the government does. you'll be paying them property tax forever
financial freedom is a mental, emotional and educational process.
when companies are focused on what they make, they failed to remember why they made them and they die.
people who dont know how to make money, preach having money wrong.
true passion is infectious for others.
i'm teaching you the business principles that succeed in this current economy... and every economy.
investing is all about leadership. hell! everything is about leadership.
every successful person in life began by pursuing a passion, usually against all odds.
join us live in may with richard duncan, one of the most influential economists today. view via live stream click here:
people who save money are watching the value of their money erode due to rising inflation, while the interest on their savings is near zero.
afraid of change? then fail.
passion makes work fun. it also helps overcome the trying times that are sure to come with business and investing.
bill mccartney once said, all coaching is, is taking a player where he cant take himself. here are my coaches
want to learn how to retire without any money in the bank? play my free web game, cashflow 101
when youre passionate about your work and investing others see that passion and are drawn to it. good things come from that attraction.
passion gives you the drive to go on. passion makes you accomplish for yourself first, and then others.
by devaluing savings through inflation the middle class is paying a hidden tax.
its more important to grow your income than cut your expenses. its more important to grow your spirit that cut your dreams.
i do not like rules.  yet without rules there are no assets. without rules, only outlaws and thieves get rich.
successful people never lose their sense of wonder and possibility. instead they retain a childlike quality to see the world of opportunity.
passion pushes you to learn more, create more and to create better.
crisis makes either your inner sinner or your inner saint come out. you choose which one.
the reward for a job poorly done is... a big, huge mess.
when were passionate about something, we innovate, create, and continue on with our dreams.
please click "share" if you agree.
"one day your life will flash before your eyes. make sure it's worth watching." - gerard way
the government takes (taxes) and the government gives (tax incentives). it takes from employees and gives to investors.
communication is not what is said or written, but what is heard and received.
people see messes in life as bad, but they can also be viewed as opportunities.
when you put pressure on a man, you never know what he will turn into.
one of the biggest defects in life is the inability to ask for help.
the old proverb asks, whats the point of gaining the world if you lose your soul? the key is to have both. here's how:...
integrity is the essence of everything successful.
words are powerful, but it is the actions of a man that i observe.
sorry, my previous link did not show up. i'll try again: now anyone can be an investor now, not just the rich. more:
taxes are actually incentives, a government stimulus plan to prod entrepreneurs to perform tasks the government wants done.
when your business team is strong on the inside, they can weather any storm from the outside.
taxes are revenue neutral. the taxman takes and the taxman gives. do what the government wants done, you get tax breaks.
many people believe in god, but their actions show that they do not trust god.
preach a little bit, practice constantly.
traditional education and job security are the last thread of the industrial age. their time is over.
being broke is freeing. youve got nothing to lose. grab your courage and go for it!
your poverty today is because of who you are. want wealth? let go of your anchors and inhibitions and change yourself.
money is not the goal. money has no value. the value comes from the dreams money helps achieve.
the most successful people in life are the ones who ask questions. theyre always learning. theyre always growing. theyre always pushing.
the losers in life cant push themselves because they think theyve already arrived.
the losers in life cant grow because theyre too busy telling everyone else where they need to grow.
please click "share" if you agree
before you can be successful in life, you have to know who you are. because many people will want you to become something youre not.
trust has no value to many people, especially people who will screw others for a few dollars.
my poor dad thought money made you rich. my rich dad said what really makes you rich are your money habits.
i always have something to learn, and the world is full of teachers.
its a new world of money, and a new world for young people. the old rules of money, including go to college, simply wont work for...
rather than stick with what you know, discover what you love in life and pursue it with passion.
successful people are never content to stick with the status quo. rather, they push themselves to grow.
please click "share" if you agree
dont give up. there is no reason you need to stay where you are now.
my poor dads greed made him say, i cant lose. my rich dads emotional intelligence let him control greed and thus control his money.
if you have poor money habits as a poor person, youll have poor money habits as a rich person...which will make you poor again.
the most successful people are mavericks who arent afraid to ask why, especially when everyone thinks its obvious.
successful people cut through the clutter and details of life to see clearly why they are doing something or why something should be done.
the cards are stacked in the rich's favor. but its not that the cards that makes the rich wealthier  its their ability to play the...
my poor dad said, money doesnt make you happy. my rich dad said, the lack of money can create unhappiness.
my poor dads fear made him say, investing is risky. my rich dads emotional intelligence let him control fear and thus control his money.
my poor dad played the lottery to get rich. my rich dad said winning the lottery wont make you rich unless you change your poor man habits.
please click "share" if you agree
my poor dad took cash and turn it to trash (bought doodads). my rich dad took cash and grew it into more cash (bought cash flowing assets).
my poor dad said you cant train an old dog new tricks. my rich dad said that to make a change you need to change your environment.
to communicate effectively you must be in your own integrity.
no learning takes place until you hold the imagination of the student in your hand.
there is no downtime for a leader. they never stop leading.
leadership doesnt make you, the individual better. leadership makes the group better.
magic is when you serve something larger than yourself.
leaders hate rooms of people agreeing. a leader values friction.
excuses are simply lies you tell yourself. read more:
its not your brain that gives you success, its your spirit.
learning is the ability to adapt to changing environments. with the world changing so fast, your learning must speed up.
tax breaks are rewarded to the rich who build the economy and provide jobs. but thats an inconvenient truth no one likes to hear.
please click "share" if you agree
you and only you are responsible for your life choices and decisions.
maintaining emotional intelligence during fear or crisis is one of the hardest things to do. its also one of the most important.
many women count on marriage to be financially-free. others rely on luck. the only force to count on is you. read more:
your job isnt to make money. its to find a problem that needs solving.
some people are born with greatness, others learn it.
mistakes are lesson. the bigger the mistake, the bigger the lesson.
weve been taught that we have to get before we can give. wrong! you have to give to get.
its not enough to tell people the truth. information alone does not cause transformation.
job stands for j - just; o - over; b - broke.
there can be no harmony when actions are framed as right vs. wrong.
it's tax time. have you used the personal financial calculator at

in business, and in life, its better to be real than full of crap.
most people are poor because of a fear of the evilness of money. stupid.
got financial freedom? kim kiyosaki just posted her latest blog entry at

shannon: we've just posted robert's latest blog conspiracy, "update #115 - tax which rich?". you can read at:
educations job is to bring out whatever gifts you have.
what did richard duncan say in his blog today about the economy?

i dont care about money. once you know how to make money you dont have to care about it.
want to learn real estate investing? analyze 100 deals in 30 days. dont just look at the numbers, walk through the properties.
teach through games, not lecture. let players make mistakes in the game and then discuss. thats learning.
do you need to catch up on the latest, financial news?

if you want to be rich, you must understand how to use debt.
shannon: we've just posted richard duncan's latest blog, "is the us government bankrupt?". you can read at:
you cannot be a capitalist if you hold the wrong values. getting more for less is wrong. giving more for less is the capitalist values.
capitalists must learn how to build a business. they must learn to educate themselves through their mistakes.
read kim kiyosaki's new blog post today about women and financial freedom at

capitalists must be leaders. there is no school that teaches this.
what's going on with capitalism and the economy? find out from richard
duncan's new blog entry at
capitalist must learn how to make money. the only school that teaches that is the school of life.
when you raise money, don't make promises you can't keep. you'd better have the right team to fulfill your promises.
shannon: we've just posted robert's latest blog, "the retirement money myth". you can read at:
what are you doing to boost your financial education? check out my latest
blog post at
true enlightenment is choosing your problems, not running from your problems.
when you solve a problem, god gives you a bigger problem. you're going to need a bigger brain for the bigger problem.
its not your fault. the rules of money changed and no one told you. no one told anyone.
have you seen our latest, financial education news at

shannon: we've just posted kim's latest blog,"stay comfortable, stay stuck"

don't talk about other people or other problems. look at yourself.
everyone needs someone to call them on their "crap".
over 27,000 people played our cashflow web game! we just enhanced our capabilities so come play!
shannon: we've just posted robert's latest blog, "fuzzy math  what the government isnt telling you". you can read at:
when you want to be better, you put up with the harsh feedback.
you cannot solve a problem with the same brain that caused the problem. first you must change your mindset.
my job is to awaken the hearts and minds of the people to the reintroduction of capitalism
if you want to help other people, you need to help yourself first.
i don't use the words "i can't." it means, "i'm lazy."
owning property as an individual or in a general partnership creates unlimited liability. that spells danger! - sutton law center
rita has our web games' highest score of 115,550!!! try your skills, have fun and learn investing! can anyone beat rita?...
if you want to be rich, you have to be financially literate.
broke is temporary, poor is eternal.
money is not the most important thing in life, but it does affect everything that is important.
there is a lot of difference between financial advice from rich people versus sales people.
arrogance is ego plus ignorance.
if you are in financial trouble, these are times to get smarter, not to despair.
education is a powerful tool. it can open the world to you or stifle you with false filters. choose your teachers wisely.
shannon: we've just posted robert's latest blog, "employment is improving". you can read at:
"success and financial freedom are waiting for you - no matter what your current situation is." - kim kiyosaki
three steps to leading a team: 1. show the team brightness of future 2. demand frequency of interaction 3. provoke often.
have you seen our latest, financial education news at
have you seen our latest, financial education news at
keep your personal assets and business assets separate. if you dont you could be in trouble. - sutton law center
if you want to be rich dont allow yourself the luxury of excuses.
shannon: we've just posted kim's latest blog, "dont accept the status quo". you can read at:
almost everyone who is not richhas an excuse for not being rich. whats yours?
every time you think you cant do something someone else thinks they can.
the longer you actively invest the smarter you become and the smarter you become the richer you get.
nice guys do not finish last. last place is for the cowards and those too full of fear to take action.
shannon: we've just posted robert's latest blog, "5 ways to maximize your work commute". you can read at:
you show that you care for your friends and family when you speak the truth plainly and challenge them.
my rich dad was not a "nice" man by many people's standards. some would call him mean, but i'd call him principled and strong.
keep your personal assets and business assets separate. if you dont you could be in trouble. - sutton law center
in marriage, wins and losses gave us something much more valuable than money a loving, happy, and rich marriage.
shannon: we've just posted robert's latest conspiracy of the rich blog, "sell aussie". enjoy!
heres a live interview with robert and the real estate guys. enjoy: 
fools rush inwhere wise men fear to tread. those words are true in love and in money.
there are only two types of communicators people who communicate to your face or communicators who talk behind your back.
the only person who knows how far he can go is the one who went too far.
every time the economy goes bad, a dictator arises.
tax laws reward the generous and punish the greedy.
losers are people who are afraid of losing.
never violate the law and never violate your principles.
shannon: we just posted kim's newest blog, "may i have your attention?"
learn how to learn, then learn what to learn.
external motivation is rewarding through money. internal motivation is giving inspiration. rewarding the spirit.
legal protection is too often neglected. fees are expensive, but its more expensive to lose the rights to your property or get caught in...
school teaches you to be a managerial capitalist- no skin in the game. they can't raise money but you can spend it
business is not a democracy, it's a dictatorship.
piss them off, make them cry and inspire them with the truth.
the world is full of smart poor people.
theres too much money chasing too few good investments. once you create a good investment money will look for you.
the right decisions come from the right focus. youll succeed if your focus is on the mission, not the money.
change your focus, from making money to serving more people.  serving more people makes the money come in.
the strength of character and emotional intelligence to face your failures and learn from them are at the core of success.
one of the best skills of an entrepreneur is the ability to question. by asking new questions, new answers are found.
when you draw the line in the sand and stand for something, people will love you and people will hate you... and that's a good thing.
so often we forget that money is not the reason. the dream is the prize and should be the focus, not the money.
i am ignorant about baseball. i find that my ignorance effects very little. when im ignorant about money it effects everything.
when you protect your assets you are protecting your family's future. - sutton law center
one of your most important investments is your relationships, both in life and in business. take the time to get them right.
im always telling you to pick your partners wisely. while its true, dont forget to be a good partner yourself.
those who are successful in life are the people who notice what's wrong or missing in the world and finding opportunity in it.
one of the things i love most about the world is that it's full of opportunity. the problem is that most people don't notice the opportunity
the beauty of greed is that it can overcome fear.
when reviewing mistakes to find the lesson, we need to examine the mindset  weve taken. dont let your mind hold you back from your dreams.
if there is one thing life has taught me, its that mistakes are better teacher than school books.
when you believe in your path and your missions you dont need to apologize. you need to push harder.
happy holidays. rest up, we have a big new year on the way!
once your mind is trained you may find your spirit is still weak. a good partner and support can often build up the spirits strength.
when you dont learn from mistakes you make them again. ive had to learn the same lesson numerous times. each time more painful.
remember, there are only two emotions that drive a market: greed and fear. right now, fear is in control
when asking an investor for money, it is best to speak less and listen more.
falling in love is easy. staying in love is hard." this is so true with business partners as well as life partners.
when investing, and in life, you dont need to know every answer, but you need to know who to call for the answer.
the rich dad store is now offering up to 30% off everything including my newest book, midas touch!
investing is a plan, not a product or a procedure.
the rich dad store is now offering up to 30% off everything including my newest book, midas touch!
make your money on the buy, not the sell.
investing isnt risky; not being in control is risky.
a true business only exists to solve a problem and to make life better. ask yourself, 'what problem do you want to solve?'
the biggest mistake is not making enough mistakes. . . of course that was never my problem.
the more money you make the more money you spend, thats why more money doesnt make you rich  assets make you rich.
a true brand is a promise, a reflection of the entrepreneur's body, mind and spirit. its your word.
some of the biggest failures i know are people who never failed.
there are two kinds of money problems, not enough money and too much money. i know which problem i prefer.
a leaders job isnt just to be a good person, but to bring out the best in his people.
there is no fairness when it comes to money. either youre a winner, or youre a loser.
you are learning how to invest, but if you dont take action, youve done  nothing more than those who never bothered to learn.
black friday thru cyber monday, the rich dad store is offering up to 40% off everything!
an investors most important tool is information. without good information, and an education to understand it, investing becomes guesswork.
a strong mission is the spirit of a business. it provides the focus and strength a business needs to  weather the early struggles.
kim is answering question live now on facebook.
kim is answering question live now on facebook.
how you think about money, is more important than actual investing information. knowledge is useless if your filters are at odds with...
definition of a capitalist is a person who brings capital and property to market.
i dont see my mistakes as failures. i see them as new wisdom.
the rich dad store is now offering up to 40% off everything including my newest book, midas touch!
kim and i are thankful for you. for your time and your passion.
its absurd to protest against wall street and expect the world to solve your problems.
often we give money but not time. we don't give from our heart. to give is to receive, but the giving must come from the heart too.
the rich dad store is now offering up to 30% off everything!
theres a bit of hidden magic in every mistake. the magic is called learning.
the problem with social programs is that they only create more poor people. they make people dependent upon government welfare.
you cant help but get older physically. that doesnt mean you have to get older mentally.
entrepreneurs need the strength and toughness that come from the street. you need street smarts, not just school smarts. midas touch
the times are changing, and if you want to be rich, your approach to money and investing has to change too.
individuals need to seek their own financial education, outside the corrupt school system controlled by the mega-rich and teachers unions.
money isnt real. money is just an idea.
the problem is that the federal reserve bank is printing money, the us treasury is borrowing money, and many us tax payers are going broke.
saving counterfeit money, i.e. the dollar, is insanity pure stupidity.
when asking an investor for money, it is best to speak less and listen more.
remember, there are only two emotions that drive a market: greed and fear. right now, fear is in control
falling in love is easy. staying in love is hard." this is so true with business partners as well as life partners.
we must use our personal gifts for ourselves and as many others as possible. to do this is to tap into true joy and true abundance.
too much greed is toxic; creating toxic governments and toxic policies. too much greed prevents one from seeing gods abundance.
i believe you save capitalism, prosperity and freedom by creating entrepreneurs and investors.
in the real world, the smartest people are people who make mistakes and learn. in school, the smartest people dont make mistakes.
when it comes to money, most people only see the bad side of the coin. this is why they do not become rich. #money
spiritually weak people depend upon hope rather than faith. it takes a strength of spirit to take a leap of faith.
a financially weak person will always be prey to bankers, brokers, and bandits, all appearing to have their best interest at heart.
most people have a rich mind but a poor persons emotions. the failure to control ones emotions leads to the failure to control money.
the biggest investment market in the world is the bond market. the problem is that the once safe bond market is sick and growing sicker.
most financial experts arent rich people but merely sales people. they have no financial educationonly sales training. #financialeducation
"five signs you'll fail as an entrepreneur"
robert kiyosaki's tips from his new book with donald trump.

two ways to win a cruise with robert & kim! summit@sea sweepstakes.

the prize in life is happiness, not money.  money is merely one tool to help your happiness.
ask yourself whos holding you back from accomplishing your dreams... answer: you. now ask yourself why.
remember, there are only two emotions that drive a market: greed and fear. right now, fear is in control
rich dad often said, when you steal or lose some ones money, you take a part of their life.
when asking an investor for money, it is best to speak less and listen more.
a true business only exists to solve a problem and to make life better. ask yourself, 'what problem do you want to solve?'
when you lead, you create the mission, build the team and lead team. the team does the rest.
when you lead, you create the mission, build the team and lead team. the team does the rest.
when you lead, you must strive to live to higher standards. you cannot accept mediocrity or complacency from yourself or your team.
the biggest mistake is not making enough mistakes.
you are learning how to invest, but if you dont take action, youve done nothing more than those who never bothered to learn.
america is on sale:
the more money you make the more money you spend, thats why more money doesnt make you rich  assets make you rich.
character and failure are what it takes for success, not report cards and grades.
join out sweepstakes for the summit@sea. 2 ways to win the free cabin cruise with the best education ever (valued at $10,000 each)!...
the prize in life is happiness, not money.  money is merely one tool to help your happiness.
trump told me that his success comes from hiring great people to do the work for him, but also in staying on top and involved in everything.
ask yourself whos holding you back from accomplishing your dreams... answer: you. now ask yourself why.
shannon: free gift! you can now get the digit download to roberts choose to be rich program for free here at rich dad world:...
if you expect the government to solve your problems, you have a problem. the problem is that the governments of the world are broke.
we need a 2nd school system to teach kids to be capitalists. then parents can choose which school to send their kids to.
ritu has the highest cashflow 101 game score at 44,570. think you can beat it?  give it a try, its free! webgame.richdad.com
in this new economy, where money is no longer real money, the working class works for nothing. they have no assets.
the summit@sea sweepstakes starts today. win a free cabin on the carnival cruise while getting the greatest education of your life! enter...
youve seen the lies and know the future that is coming. you dont rely on hope, but value knowledge and taking action. your future's bright
blair singers book just launched. teaches how to control your subconscious.
never try to be the smartest person. be the most well rounded person. this will make you the greatest leader.
the fear of failing is greater than the drive to succeed in most people.  ask yourself which is greater in you.
life is education. experiences and mistakes make up our true learning. sitting in school listening is not a enough.
i dont flip properties because there is no tax advantage in flipping.
when most people leave school, they leave confused and stupid.
fear of what might happen is a legitimate fear.  but that is no reason not to do it, its sill an excuse.
i do not want to tell you what to think. then i would be no better than government or religion.  i want to teach you how to think and how...
strength and compassion are not mutually exclusive. i believe that one key to success is to accept truth, no matter how it's spoken.
as an investor, you should be in all four asset classes, & you should be specializing in one or two this is true diversification. #investing
the reality is that the dollar isnt money, its debt. #money
the heart of the real problem with our economy... its built on funny money. #cashflow
wealth is never lostits simply transferred. one persons financial crisis is another persons financial windfall. #cash
spirituality is based on principles. principles are true no matter what the circumstance. #coaching
i can learn something from everybody. #financialeducation
the average person has been programmed to be a wage slave.  i want you to be the master... an asset master. #poordad
my friend, mel shultz, said there is more about money and finances in the bible than any other subject.
the next time the stock market or the real estate market has a sale  (aka crash) its time to do what the rich do they go shopping.
the opposite of risk is control. #investing
since only entrepreneurs can create real jobs, new financial education would help solve the growing problem of unemployment. #business
the government is run by people whove never had real experience. i cant rely on them to save us. #economy
the world situation is deteriorating rapidly. wake up from hoping the dollar will recover and buy silver and gold. #commodities
employees focus on income. true investors focus on assets to feeds their income. #investing
if you want to save the world, learn to save yourself first. then go save the world. #money
success is serving more people. the more i serve, the more i earn. #kiyosaki
bad advise is the most expensive cost of education. #financialeducation
if you want to be rich, think differently, think big.
the easiest way to change your lifeis to change your environment. #kiyosaki
the opposite of risk is control. #kiyosaki
the easiest way to understand a countrys credit score is to take the ratio of the countrys debt-to-gdp. #kiyosaki
one of the best ways to make changes in your life is to change your environment. this then changes you.
one of the reasons people aren't rich is because almost everyone has more excuses than money.
#money
investors invest when they know the way and gamblers bet  and then hope and pray. #investing
nothing is fair when it comes to money. god is not fair. if god were fair, i would look like johnny depp.
those who are humble enough to know they must learn anew will succeed in this new age.
humans cannot find freedom until they let go of old, obsolete ideas.
my rich dad did not teach me a specific subject. instead, he taught me how to learn and what to learn. #financialeducation
the longer you actively invest  the smarter you become and the smarter you become the richer you get.
the key to life is to be happy with or without money.  money only magnifies who you really are.
anyone can be an entrepreneur. all it takes is a little drive and ambition.
bankers and tax breaks do not make real estate a great investment.  you do.
when i am asked, is real estate a good investment?  my reply is,  i dont know.  are you a good real estate investor?
investing is like driving a car.  if you have no drivers education or driving  experience, driving a car is very, very risky.  get educated.
retarget your money. when your money comes in, we've already targeted where you are going to invest
we never save money. before we get money we know where we are going to invest it.
if you do not have knowledge, if you do not seek wisdom, then you have no chance in anything.
the greatest skill is to become a better partner the worse things get.
intuition is the gateway to god.
money will never make you happy if you are an unhappy person.
letting bankers and investment plans teach kids in school about money is like asking the devil to teach a course on ethics
saving is bad because there's no interest and tons of inflation. it slowly disappears to nothing in the bank.
saving money is not smart because what we think of as money is no longer money.
the more you give, the more god loves you
rich dad is about teaching how to think so you can question the common wisdom and make your own decisions.
remember,  the reason they are called brokers is because they are often broker than you are.
currency is a derivative of money, for currency to create value it must keep moving, thus saving money destroys the value of currency
becoming who you were born to be goes beyond success and attainment. it's rediscovering your path and getting back on that path.
the government is devaluing the dollar faster than you can work for it.
when bad money enters a system, good money goes hiding. this means when the gov devalues paper money, gold and silver become more expensive.
your mind ultimately is your greatest asset.  so be very careful of what kind of advice you put in it and who gives you that advice.
most problems begin when we do not keep our agreements, are not true to our words and say one thing but do another.
one trait of a good partner is a person who cares about more than money. find a person who is a giver, whether it be money, time or wisdom.
lying is for cowards. truth takes courage.
most problems begin when we do not keep our agreements, are not true to our words and say one thing but do another.
becoming who you were born to be goes beyond success and attainment. it's rediscovering your path and getting back on that path.
my criteria for an investment is four things: what is the project, who are the partners, what is the financing, who will manage it?
if you do not have knowledge, if you do not seek wisdom, then you have no chance in anything.
ge made $14.2 billion in 2010 and received a $3.2 billion tax refund. the tax laws are written for big business and the rich.
the average person has been programmed to be a wage slave.  i want you to be the master... an asset master.
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 5 minutes
you can listen live at:
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 30 minutes
you can listen live at:
if you are a bad partner, you will attract bad partners.
when going into business dont just find great partners, be a great partner.
when going into business dont just find great partners, be a great partner.
one of the greatest assets youll ever have is a great partner; they bring money in. a bad partner is a liability; they take money out.
when starting out you must pick your partners based on skills. once youve made it you can find partners with skills and you like.
education is cheap; experience is expensive.
being flat broke has value; you get to find out who you really are.
find out where you are at, where you are going and build a plan to get there.
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 15 minutes

you can listen live at:
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 30 minutes
you can listen live at:
the key to buying any asset is the time of your purchase as much as the cost of your purchase.
the longer you do the right thing, the richer you get. the longer you do the wrong thing the poorer you get. thats the law of compensation.
im a marine. my job wasn't to save people. same with money. i teach you the truth, but you have to save yourself
financial education creates wealth even with (especially with) a down economy... and it doesn't take money. knowledge is the new money.
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 15 minutes

you can listen live at:
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 30 minutes
you can listen live at:
rich duncan, the best selling author of the dollar crisis, joins us on our new radio show: sunday 7 am az time.
go to school, get a good job, get a 401(k) and pay way more in taxes.
the rich are getting richer and the rest are paying taxes
we are nearing the end of the government ponzi schemes, medicare and social security. this generation may be the one left holding the bag.
you can use debt to make money if schools would teach you how. it doesn't take money to make money, it takes education.
taxes and debt go together. good debt gets you rich and lets you to pay less in taxes. debt is an unfair advantages, but you can use it too.
what schools teach about money actually takes money out of your pocket. taxes and inflation destroy those antiquated ideas.
conventional wisdom no longer applies. its the riskiest thing you can do. 401(k)'s and saving money actually negatively impact your wealth.
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 5 minutes
you can listen live at:
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 15 minutes

you can listen live at:
taxes are not fair. they tax employees and self-employed higher. we should let children understand this to make better career choices.
get your assets working for you so that your ass isnt working for someone else.
shannon: we just added the cashflow web game to robert's page. click here to play, its free:  
the fed exchange was created in 1913  so was the irs and the constitutional change allowing taxation  coincidence?
entrepreneurs are different from everyone else. they manage their little
voice management. blair singer can help:
owning a business by yourself increases your chance of failure. adding a partner increases success by 300%, but pick the right partner.
entrepreneurs are different from everyone else. they manage their little voice. this can help:
tax law is written as incentives to investors and entrepreneurs to push forward the gov.s agenda. its the road map to success.
the hardest part of change is going through the unknown.
many people have good ideas but they do not take action on them. people keep repeating action on old thoughts that dont get them anywhere.
on our radio show right now, trump just told us that running for presidency could still happen! this is the most important election ever...
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 5 minutes
you can listen live at:
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 30 minutes
you can listen live at:
the hardest thing is letting go of an old idea.  without that old idea going away, there is no room for the new idea.
why hang on to old things  old thoughts?  you must clear your head of old thoughts and old philosophy that just doesnt work anymore.
i never say i cant.   i'll can say i wont but not that i cant.
education is crucial to civilization. education defines civilization.
you can never walk away from a student loan. no matter what. its a noose around your neck for decades.
not one university offers financial education in their core curriculum. but the average student leaves with a $25k student loan debt.
copper is the new silver.
i just heard a horrible statistic: most people will still be paying off their students loans by the time their kids enter college.
parents are a child's best teacher.
school needs to keep students mediocre so their assembly line system works. one size fits all.
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 5 minutes
you can listen live at:
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 30 minutes
you can listen live at:
the most successful men in the world received their education in the real world, not the school system.
i love education. i did not like school. you can learn and get education everywhere and from everything.
investing in physical commodities is better than paper commodities (stocks) from a tax perspective.
no matter what happens, we stop printing money or print more, taxes rise. the rich do not pay for their mistakes, the middle class does.
the us has had three central banks in its history. the fed reserve will fail just as the other two did.
the us is the largest debtor nation in the history of the world.
a zombie bank is a bank that has an economic net worth less than zero but continues to operate because the government covers its debt.
if we stop printing money there will be great pain, but the pain will be short and recoverable. the longer we wait, the bigger the pain.
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 5 minutes
you can listen live at:
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 15 minutes

you can listen live at:
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 30 minutes
you can listen live at:
the school system is simply an assembly line that turns children into employees; its not true education.
school loans and school debt are the biggest rip off the world has ever seen.
it takes the school system 50 years to adopt a new idea.
real world education lets people choose their teacher and choose their education.
the purpose of education is to enhance the true idea of yourself.
i love education. i did not like school. you can learn and get education everywhere and from everything.
real world education lets you learn what you want to learn and what you want to do.
real world education lets people choose their teacher and choose their education.
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 5 minutes
you can listen live at:
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 30 minutes
you can listen live at:
let go.  take that leap of faith. let life's currents take you. once you do that, things start to happen.
there are three types of people in any start-up: dreamers, operators and an attack dog.
flush your brain and thought of all poor men words: i can't, i'll try, i hope, etc...
never say you cannot afford something.that is a poor man's attitude. ask how to afford it.
what you say and what you think is who you become. your words become flesh.
education doesn't have to come from schools and classes. it can also come from learning on the job. university of life.
i'm not against employees, the government is. i don't tax the employees, but the government taxes them the most.
schools teach you how to work for money, but don't teach how to make money work for you.
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 5 minutes
you can listen live at:
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 15 minutes

you can listen live at:
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 30 minutes
you can listen live at:
when talking to a broker remember, the bigger the brochure, the worse the deal. a good deal doesnt need extra glossy paper.
the dalai lama said one of his greatest teachers is mao tse tung (leader of china). the adversity and challenge is what teaches us.
winners hate losing, but are willing to lose in order to get better.
leadership is a process. leaders have to lead by example, not by manuals words.
your sub-conscious listens to fear. education and focus help you overcome your sub-conscious and your fear.
i'm watching bernake speak right now. i'm also watching the value of gold. the more bernake speaks, the higher the price of gold goes.....
most peoples sub-conscious forces them to lose focus. they quit, blame, justify instead of conquering their sub-conscious.
focus on where you are going to go. vision the success, not the obstacles.
repetition is key to making sure that you get good results.
"most people starting a business do it their way they dont invest in study and building a team of competent advisors."-@sutton law center
i  predict the next stock market crash to take place in 2016
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 5 minutes
you can listen live at:
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 30 minutes
you can listen live at:
psychology is what shows you to another level. a plan is what gets you to that next level.
leaders have to practice what they teach.
whatevers going on in your life, you will attract people in your life to teach you about it.
there are people who are not wealthy because they want to be comfortable.
a person has to be willing to be uncomfortable and not-liked in order to win.
leadership is about being a role model. leadership is about living ones life to higher standards.
when people have to be right, they become experts, but wont accept criticism. at some level, being right can make you wrong.
when people are focused on being comfortable or liked, then they often wont do what the business needs in order to succeed.
cooperative learning is a faster and better way to learn  two heads are better than one. in school its called cheating.
leaders must strive to live to higher standards. do not accept mediocrity or complacency from yourself or your team.
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 5 minutes
you can listen live at:
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 30 minutes
you can listen live at:
rod smith, of denver bronco fame, joins us on our radio show this sunday to discussing what it takes to win and not giving up....
there are ways to create tremendous power through good planning and the high-velocity of money. money must move quick, otherwise it decays.
the point of power is in the present: what does that mean? your past, your present and your future come together now.
dont complain about a problem, start a company that solves it. thats called an entrepreneurial spirit.
if you only see with your eyes, then your limbic mind (loser) kicks in. when you see with your mind, you can go right past the limbic.
when we fall under pressure, without a plan, we tend to choose the past. we tend to repeat our mistakes.
when we can carry upsets from the past into the present, then they become our future.
your karma is in your present, but your karma is not your present. its made up of your past and your future.
things can go up in price and down in value at the same time. its very important to know the difference.
many people  take advice from blind people. commission sales people only see the commission. they arent bad people, theyre just blind.
a leader has to be open minded enough to ask others what they see. because you cant see something doesnt mean it doesnt exist.
you have to control your whole mind, left side, right side, and sub-conscious, not just parts of it.
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 5 minutes
you can listen live at:
our new new radio show,"what it means to you" starts in 15 minutes
you can listen live at:
i am wealthy because of my team, not because im smart. my team is focused and unified on the goals and the strategies.
when i was a pilot i only fly with my team. investing is the same. i only invest with my trusted team. you need a team you trust.
preparation is an attitude. its being prepared for whats to come. plan for the worst, hope for the best.
the five gs are the things you need to survive any economic crash. they are: gas, grubb, ground, guns and gold.
for the educated, an economic crash is the best time to get rich.  guess what? the crashing is not over.
dont live below your means or forgo your dreams. im japanese, but i dont look good in a toyota
if you have no financial education, then get out of debt. if you are educated, then get as much debt as possible. profits will soar.
debt makes leverage possible. good investments average 5-10% profit. add debt and leverage and profits raise to 30% and more.
there are two kinds of bank robbers: one from the inside and one from the outside. one wears a mask and a gun; the other a suit and tie.
most school teachers are communists. they want to get paid more for doing less. they talk capitalism, but practice communism.
schools are so messed up because rockefeller took them over and removed financial education in 1904.  he made them employee factories.
buying and selling businesses is not for the average investor. without education, it can be the riskiest of all investment classes.
if you connect to the spirit, you win.
if you are bad at sales, get good at marketing. if you are bad at marketing, you better connect with their spirit.
the left brain is physically connected to your heart. the right brain isn't. to be an entrepreneur you must connect to the heart.
school was not about the love of learning. it was about fear of failing.
shannon from promotions: follow robert on stage at twitter's richdadevents
over preparation overcomes fear.
i love my country, but i don't trust my government.
an entrepreneur who can sell will always make more money than the a+ college grad.
the ability to sell reduces the fear of poverty. if you can sell, you'll always have money.
your money has to have it's own profession.
a bad salesman sells a product. a good salesman sells inspiration.
most people quit when they fail. those who get up have strengthened their spirit.
when a government increases taxes, it increases inflation.
when i speak to a man, i want to know about his activities, not what grades they got in school. actions make the man.
general principle  everything the government touches turns to garbage
not knowing how to do something is not an excuse to not do something.
the path to wealth is the path that serves the most people.
join my friend and advisor tom wheelwright for a live facebook chat today, @ 12:30 pm arizona time. 
to win, one must prepare for the environment, whether it is investing, business or school.
join my friend and advisor tom wheelwright for a live facebook chat wednesday, march 23rd @ 12:30 pm arizona time. 
i predict the next big economic bubble to be in food. this bubble won't just ruin people financially, but will starve people to death.
join my friend and advisor tom wheelwright for a live facebook chat wednesday, march 23rd @ 12:30 pm arizona time. 
leaders create the mission, build the team and lead team. the team does the rest.
i want an infinite return on investments. that means i get all my investment back, still own the asset, and i get cash flow every month.
precession is the ripple effect. when you teach one person a truth, you have created an entire ripple effect of positive energy and truths.
people are poor because they are too lazy. they may be working hard, but they are lazy about their financial education
a job is not an asset. a job is slavery.
real estate values rise and fall based on the jobs surrounding it.
if you are a bad investor, every investment is bad. it is less about the investment and more about the investor
from my new book: when we started out our rule was; we had to look at 100 properties before we bought one. start small, dream big....
the person who works the asset gets taxed. the person who owns the asset gets the tax break.
japan's nuclear reactor leaks could be the worst man-made disaster ever. we are all citizens of the world and need to band together to help.
kim's facebook chat will be starting in 1 hour don"t miss it.
experience is one of the most expensive things you can get because it comes at the price of making mistakes.
don't miss my wife kim's live facebook chat tuesday, march 15 at 12:30 pm arizona time.
if going to school made you rich, then school teachers would all be millionaires.
don't miss my wife kim's live facebook chat tuesday, march 15 at 12:30 pm arizona time.
from my new book: i know what it feels like to be w/o money. anybody who says, im not interested in money is a moron. poverty sucks....
don't miss my wife kim's live facebook chat tuesday, march 15 at 12:30 pm arizona time.
ignorant comes from the word ignore.  it happens when you consciously ignore something you know should learn.
people are stupid when they think they are smart. this is why the highly educated can be the stupidest people on earth.
a lack of understanding breeds adversity.
knowledge has no value until it is applied.
knowledge is power. choose your teachers wisely
catch me tomorrow, march 9th, for a live facebook chat at 12:30 arizona time. i will be answering your questions.
school is just preparation. the real education begins when you leave school.  when youre allowed to make mistakes.
war and business are very similar. they are both tough, often dangerous, environments.
an unfair advantage: we must select students with entrepreneurial talents and give them a school that encourages entrepreneurial genius.
i fail every day. my goal is simply to have more wins than failures.  failure is often one of the first parts of success
a strong spirit is incapable of being dominated.  true entrepreneurs have a strong spirit.
four parts to being human: spirit, emotions, mental & body.  your goal is to find your path that engages all four, especially the spirit.
you know you've made it when you don't give a care.  you don't give a care once you know you can build your wealth back if it was ever lost.
going from poor to middle class to rich is a journey. eventually making money changes you; it becomes part of you, not a fear.
our financial dark ages is financial darkness and barbarity.  only true financial education can start a financial renaissance.
from my new book, an unfair advantage: civilization dies when ideas became old and new ideas are censored. we need a financial  renaissance.
following the status quo has gotten so many people into the mess they are in. stop following the herd and find educated, ethical leaders.
rich dad is not just about empowering people.  its provides support, tools, and community to help you keep your power and your focus.
i want the smartest team.  if i'm the smartest guy i've failed and need to rebuild my team until the whole team is smarter than me.
46% of the richest people on earth are entrepreneurs. only 16% of the richest people inherited their wealth.
shannon - promotions: available now! cashflow financial statement calculator -app for the iphone/ipad
rich dad's job is to offer people who did not excel in school another chance. to offer a better education that people can excel in.
when the student is ready, the teacher will appear.
demand what you want! demanding is your spirit communicating directly with god.
stock market has gone up $100 in 10 years. thats .01%.  the financial experts are still telling you to invest in the stock market.
from an unfair advantage , the world supply of money is $60 trill. the us deficits is $70 trillion.  more than all the money in the world.
join my friend and advisor, blair singer today for a live facebook chat at 1 pm arizona time.
to succeed in business you need trust, character, a code of honor, and the charisma to instill these values and have others follow.
join my friend and advisor, blair singer for a live facebook chat friday, 2/18 at 1 pm arizona time.
in an unfair advantage, i explain the new crisis. a pension fund crisis, including soc.sec, will dwarf the multi-trillion subprime crisis.
join my friend and advisor, blair singer for a live facebook chat friday, 2/18 at 1 pm arizona time.
when interest rise currency increases in value and the prices of gold and silver drop
my definition of money is an idea backed by confidence, representing work truly done and is exchangeable
education is important, but there is always more than one way to learn. i learned more about life from surfing than i ever did from school.
thank you will and jada smith for seeing the value of financial education and for your public support of rich dad poor dad.
join my friend and advisor, blair singer for a live facebook chat friday, 2/18 at 1 pm arizona time.
crowd funding is the new way to raise money for your business. heres an example,  
leadership is when you can motivate a whole team to overcome their fears. that's when greatness happens.
fear can be a great motivator. if it is not intense enough it can paralyze you, but if its intense enough, it can be a great driving force.
it takes 10,000 hours minimum before youre good at anything:before you are able to do the right thing at the right moment every time.
before you set your 2011 goals, decide if you want to be secure, comfortable or rich. this work sheet can help:
my leadership style comes from the military and from the many coaches ive had. often the word coach and leader can be synonymous.
leadership is when you can motivate a whole team to overcome their fears. that's when greatness happens.
fear can be a great motivator. if it is not intense enough it can paralyze you, but if its intense enough, it can be a great driving force.
hoping a change in political leadership will solve your financial problems? governments cannot solve their own financial problems
my leadership style comes from the military and from the many coaches ive had. often the word coach and leader can be synonymous.
before you set your 2011 goals, decide if you want to be secure, comfortable or rich. this work sheet can help:

my leadership style comes from the military and from the many coaches ive had. often the word coach and leader can be synonymous.
wealth is not how much money you make. its how much money your assets make.
delayed gratification requires emotional intelligence. the poor mindset wants cash now  capital gains. delay grat. is part of cash flow.
you dont get rich by accident but hard work.  if you are not prepared for your success your friends and family will get all your rewards.
friend of mine likes to say, theres one thing youre allowed to be addicted to  work. no one will send an entrepreneur  to rehab for that.
from my new book aua, today, there is more opportunity than ever to enjoy a richer life, but not if you lack a sound financial education.
one of my employees has become an entrepreneur and is making the world a better place.  visit his site: www.remitea.com
delayed gratification requires emotional intelligence. the poor mindset wants cash now  capital gains. delay grat. is part of cash flow.
you dont get rich by accident but hard work.  if you are not prepared for your success your friends and family will get all your rewards.
my leadership style comes from the military and from the many coaches ive had.  often the word coach and leader can be synonymous.
from my new book aua, today, there is more opportunity than ever to enjoy a richer life, but not if you lack a sound financial education.
kim is 10 minutes into her live facebook chat, it's not to late to join her.
one of my employees has become an entrepreneur and is making the world a better place.  visit his site: www.remitea.com
wealth is not how much money you make. its how much money your assets make.
3 hours until kim's live facebook chat, don't miss it.
delayed gratification requires emotional intelligence. the poor mindset wants cash now  capital gains. delay grat. is part of cash flow.
you dont get rich by accident but hard work.  if you are not prepared for your success your friends and family will get all your rewards.
my leadership style comes from the military and from the many coaches ive had.  often the word coach and leader can be synonymous.
friend of mine likes to say, theres one thing youre allowed to be addicted to  work. no one will send an entrepreneur  to rehab for that.
from my new book aua, today, there is more opportunity than ever to enjoy a richer life, but not if you lack a sound financial education.
join my wife kim for a live facebook chat on thursday, january 20 @ 12:30 pm arizona time.
one of my employees has become an entrepreneur and is making the world a better place.  visit his site: www.remitea.com
delayed gratification requires emotional intelligence. the poor mindset wants cash now  capital gains. delay grat. is part of cash flow.
join my wife kim for a live facebook chat on thursday, january 20 @ 12:30 pm arizona time.
my leadership style comes from the military and from the many coaches ive had.  often the word coach and leader can be synonymous.
my leadership style comes from the military and from the many coaches ive had.  often the word coach and leader can be synonymous.
friend of mine likes to say, theres one thing youre allowed to be addicted to  work. no one will send an entrepreneur  to rehab for that.
from my new book aua, today, there is more opportunity than ever to enjoy a richer life, but not if you lack a sound financial education.
one of my employees has become an entrepreneur and is making the world a better place.  visit his site: www.remitea.com
shannon from promotions: robert always says, the rich set goals. try the s.m.a.r.t. goal worksheet on the  rich dad world site to set...
a successful entrepreneur must be three things: a dreamer, a businessman, and an sob.
true leaders must make the rules, change the rules, and enforce the rules. rules will test your leadership skills.
in my new book, an unfair advantage, i point out that this financial crisis has made many people rich, some extremely rich. you can too.
to be leader you must, keep practicing, keep taking feedback, keep improving, until you have the ability to get the response you want.
in my new book, an unfair advantage, i point out that this financial crisis has made many people rich, some extremely rich. you can too.
to be leader you must, keep practicing, keep taking feedback, keep improving, until you have the ability to get the response you want.
a successful entrepreneur must be three things: a dreamer, a businessman, and an sob.
true leaders must make the rules, change the rules, and enforce the rules. rules will test your leadership skills.
in my new book, an unfair advantage, i point out that this financial crisis has made many people rich, some extremely rich. you can too.
to be leader you must, keep practicing, keep taking feedback, keep improving, until you have the ability to get the response you want.
ur unfair advantage over the banks & institutions is that u r receiving true financial education and can use it to create security & wealth.
a good leader creates synergy. synergy is when a few average people unify and create a team capable of accomplishing the work of hundreds.
true leaders must make the rules, change the rules, and enforce the rules. rules will test your leadership skills.
to be leader you must, keep practicing, keep taking feedback, keep improving, until you have the ability to get the response you want.
a successful entrepreneur must be three things: a dreamer, a businessman, and an sob.
in my new blog i write about the information age. in this age the price of getting wealthy has gone down. 
im rereading kens new book, the sleeping giant. the 1st words r: fall 7 times, stand up 8. great read by a great man. 
heres my latest blog. i believe we are in the eye of the recession. nows the time to get ready for the next phase. 
in my new blog i write about the information age. in this age the price of getting wealthy has gone down. 
to compete in the world economy, we need to train students, to produce more with less and for less.  this would be true capitalist...
too many people who grew lazy when the economy was booming.  they expect to do less, be paid more, and have the government take care of...
a silent, yet obvious reason for our economic crisis is the pervasive philosophy of people expecting to be paid more for less work.
the first country that institutes true financial education in their school system will be the next country that leads the world.
human spirit is destroyed when people that do work are robbed of their wealth to support those who do not work, especially when they...
money, or more specifically, the need for money, has a way of corroding the moral fibers of our soul.
merry christmas! what wins are you celebrating for this year?
new video from my real estate coaches, how to make a 300% return using mobile homes?
15 minutes until the facebook chat with my friend and advisor blair singer.  join the chat and ask your questions
only 2 hours until the facebook chat with my friend and advisor blair singer. 
only 3 hours until the facebook chat with my friend and advisor blair singer. 
join my friend and advisor blair singer for a live facebook chat today at 1 pm mt.
im often asked, if the rich do not work for money, what do they work for? they work for assets that produce cash flow.
30 minutes until kim's live facebook chat, don't miss it.
2 hours until kim's live facebook chat, don't miss it.
join my wife kim for a live facebook chat on monday, december 13 @ 12:30 pm mt.
leadership is a function of communication.the better communicatorthe better the leaderthe
stronger the organization.
join my wife kim for a live facebook chat on monday, december 13 @ 12:30 pm mt.
leaders care about: 1. mission 2. team  3. individual. often leaders get these backwards and the  mindset becomes whats  in it for me.
join my wife kim for a live facebook chat on monday, december 13 @ 12:30 pm mt.
leaders show caring. employees respond  tough reprimands, if the they know the reprimand is for their good, the team, and the mission.
join my wife kim for a live facebook chat on monday, december 13 @ 12:30 pm mt.
leadership demands respect among the team disrespect toward any1, is not tolerated we respect those above us equal to us and those below us.
think the business idea creates passion? wrong! the passion is about business. the idea is just the vehicle that your passion drives.
@lsufantrae it's the title of the video.
@klaverwo it's the title of the video.
@headhancho88 it's the title of the video.
the federal reserve is holding a conference on jekyll island to celebrate 100 years of dominating america
ever mixed fear and victim ?  thats the odor of this article pleading for more power for the fed reserve
as of today gold is up 2% and silver is up 14%, it's time to sell gold and buy silver.
this article makes me mad. gov picking on 2 young entreprs it shows such a shorted sighted sick view of the way gov works
visit my facebook store for 50% off all games through monday, 11/29. 

visit my facebook store for 50% off all games through monday, 11/29. 

the media has dubbed the latest money creation, round 2, but it is really the 3rd time, and this time, its very dangerous for the world.
visit my facebook store for 50% off all games through monday, 11/29. 

for those of you in the us, happy thanksgiving, what are you thankful for?
gov. employees make 2x as much as private sector employees once pensions and benefits are calculated. pensions are the #1 expense of states
join us for a live facebook chat with ken mcelroy in 20 www.facebook.com/robertkiyosaki
people lose 90% of their wealth in the last year of their life.
have a business idea, ask ken how to get started or make your business even stronger. 
11/23/10 @ 12:30 mst
if you hear things you dont like, youre a leader. if you only hear the sound of praise, you are not a leader, youre a fear monger
i'm on 'follow the money' today at 10 am ct to discuss how the lessons in conspiracy of the rich apply today
truck dealer gives free ak-47 for buyers and doubled sales in these times everyone realizes the need for a gun is growing
watch this video to learn the difference between technical and fundamental stock analysis and which is best for you? 
this guy's trying to get revenge on the banks that created the current mess. he calls these banks financial terrorists.
today we are in the financial dark ages. the governments stealing of wealth from its people is more than tragic and worst than barbaric.
new video from my coaches: do you know how to deal with tenants? 

democracy will cont 2 exist until the time voters discover theycan vote themselves generous gifts fromthe public treasury
@brucedcollins you can send your request to attention: mona gambetta customerservice@richdad.com
blair's program. take action! do it! stop listening 2 that little voice saying you can't. best way 2 learn is to do it. you already know how
i dropped into a blair singer sales training.  be relentless! be unreasonable!  hes right.  who does anything great being reasonable?
@annieeen that's great keep playing and learning.
@trulyblessed88 thank you!
if the fed raises interest rates by 10%, crashing gold and silver, wouldn't it crash the u.s. economy? heres my answer:
i train my staff to be entreprs we practice what we teach heres my latest employee to become an entrepr congrats marian!
this new sacred cows of money video teaches that your house is a liability and the banks asset.
join kim on her live facebook chat today at 12:30 pm pt.
the popular belief of get out of debt is good advice if you have bad debt.  but good debt ultimately will make you rich.
there is good debt and bad debt.  good debt  has someone else making your payments, and bad debt you pay for
it's not to late to sign up for the live stream of rich dad live in arizona.
do not live below your means.  this new sacred cows video teaches you to raise your means rather than living below them
entrepreneurs take nothing and turn it into something great!
educating is the greatest sales tool ever.  if you teach, they will buy.
people are tired of being sold to. want to sell? teach them first.  then they will come to you to buy. teach it and they will come.
check out this video to learn some of the best low-cost upgrades for increasing the value of your investment property
off shore trusts r now causing many problems. learn about domestic on-shore asset protection trusts
some llcs have lost some of their protection. learn what to do here.

heres a professor who gets it.  textbooks suck.  make school fun and the learning increases.

crazy video shows an example of turning a negative into an entrepreneurial win.  virtual dating.

purpose of rich dad is to get you out of the rat race and teach you how to invest
women face a glass ceiling in the workplace. there is no glass ceiling in investing or owning a business.
a strong commitment to your mission helps you weather all sorts of storms, and there will be storms
never let people who are not big business owners tell you how to run your business. seek advice from people who are where you want to be
basic business demands that you must know who your customers are and what they want
i believe following the status quo is what got so many people in the mess they r in? do you think following the status quo will get you out?
you'll learn more about your business team from the losses and mistakes
than the wins
i don't beleive that hope gets you anywhere. why hope when you can learn, understand, take action, achieve results and get stronger?
what gives a nation its might is not military strength, but a unity through commerce.
"a good plan, violently executed now, is better than a perfect plan next week." by george patton
gold is insurance against a depression or a recession.
stop working 4 $ and stop working for others! in this new sacred cows video i redefine the concept of working hard.
the real gold boom hasnt hit yet.  as the dollar decreases more in value, gold will reach even higher heights.
is gold in a bubble?  i dont think so, but watch this and make your own decision
finally a teacher that gets it.  learning through lecture doesnt work. flip philosophy does.

you want hope? fine. hope for the best, but youd better plan for the worst
a new video has been posted to rich dads shooting the sacred cows of money website titled go to school
im criticized for being 2 honest.  if u dont like the truth read this article or u can face reality & profit from it.
my rich dad often said, business would be easy if not for the people.
if i ever started a school, i would teach students to unite and work in teams. traditional schools call that cheating
a smart entrepreneur knows they cannot run a business on their own. they know that business is a team sport
business depends upon individuals working as well-led teams.
leaders are role models. leadership is earned through trust, respect, experience, 
and competence.
teams represent power. the stronger and more united the team, the more powerful the team and the business
many cling to job security because the fear of failing is greater than the joy of freedom. too bad job security is an oxymoron
war and business are very similar. they are both tough, often dangerous, environments.
the media continues to talk about the "economic recovery". but, the small investor is still leaving the market in droves.
play the cashflow game online for free!
buy and sell to make money.  buy and hold to build wealth
don't become a slave to money. use money to set you free. money is the
key to the shackles that bind you
how to market yourself to potential sellers
take charge of your life. if you're an employee you're not in charge.
you're a victim in waiting
money talks ... i can't deny.  i heard it once ... it said "goodbye".
mutual funds go up only if fresh money comes in. that's the definition
of a ponzi scheme
a leader has the right 2 b beaten, but never the right 2 b surprised  napolean
this goes with the job of a leader, 2 c into the future
business is a team sport.  if your egos too big it sucks the life and soul out of the team and the business.
chat live with kim today.
our commitment to maintain dollar convertibility into gold at $35 an ounce is firm and clear.
how to invest in real estate with bad credit
provocability is a leaders duty.  to challenge the status quo inside and outside the business as well as production standards and methods
brightness of future is what a leader needs to bring to his team.
frequency of interaction is a key to maintaining a strong team and partnership
there r those w the gift of dreaming big but w no skills or gifts to fulfill those dreams.  

many leaders fail 2maintain a comp success bcuz they relax when they need 2 b looking 5y in2 the future. a good leader learned 2 do that.
one reason so many people fail to achieve great wealth in any business is simply that they fail to reinvest continually in the business
want to be successful? stop being a control freak! spend that energy building a team. you cant get bigger and wiser if you have to spend...
want to be successful? stop being a control freak! 

here is a comparison between the old and new depressions by richard duncan
take responsibility for your finances-or get used to taking orders for the rest of your life. ur either a master of $ or a slave to it.
i am a better investor because i am a businessman, and a better businessman because i am an investor. - warren buffett
80% dollars are outside the us making the propping up of the dollar more helpful outside the us than inside...
ideas are not worth anything, outside the context of a vision a plan and a team.

the whole world is hurting economically but all we care about is the feds actions. quit being a victim and learn what to do for every...
the rich not only get richer, they get to live more healthy and productive lives.

2004 the us reported corporations paid 2.3% in taxes. gov no longer reports these stats. hmmm.

still think there is no money out there. visit this website:

wall street is the only place that people ride to in a rolls royce to get advice from those that ride the subway. - warren buffet
gov reliance wont pull us out of recession. entrepreneurs will have to create jobs and do all the heavy lifting
play the cashflow game on for free.
visit my new website shooting the sacred cows of money.
the biggest crisis in america is 1 of financial ignorance. as the world of $ changes, our kids r taught the old rules of $ & set up to fail.
chinas economy is a bubble.  40% of their economy is based on us imports.  as the us purchases less  pop!
the fed has no power. w/ all the us imports, $ is the us export. w/ all the $ outside the us, fed is left pwrless 2 control & manipulate it
a brand is only as strong as the entrepreneur's spirit.
when someone asks for my net worth i know their financial iq is low. the intelligent question is, what's monthly cash flow.
play the cashflow game online for free.
visit my new website, www.shootingthesacredcows.com, see familiar lies you've heard your entire life
when technology changes, power shifts to the ones who accept the technology.
during every economy collapse a dictator arises. so, watch out...
utilizing the corporation is a skill of the rich, own nothing and use everything.
you don't need to have all the answers you need to know where to get the answers.
i am taking stage at the live las vegas event in just a few minutes, follow the event at #richdadevent
government can't fix the problem they are the problem.
join kim and myself and our entire team of advisors live in las vegas on 7/21. watch online from home.
join kim and myself and our entire team of advisors live in las vegas on 7/21. watch online from home.
a successful entrepreneur must be: a dreamer, a businessman or an sob. my rich dad was all 3
gossip destroys organizations. communication is either in your face or in your back.
true communication takes courage.
in the world of business a leaders job is to make the complex simple.
as the economy becomes more unstable and the dollars become more worthless, integrity will become more valuable than currency.
when asked if he'd rather have money or sex, the wise man answered money. money gets you sex, but sex ends up taking your money.
"make no small plans. for they have no magic to stir mens souls." - unknown
my real estate advisor, ken mcelroy, has released 8 free real estate investing templates.
i knew the real estate bubble was about to pop when my taxi driver handed me his real estate brokers business card.
there is no answr 4 every1 u must find the asset class that wrks for u then find the right vehicle in that asset class to drive ur goals fwd
play the new cashflow game free. learn investing strategies and principles while having fun in a simulated environment.
if you want something new, get rid of the old. no matter how painful or you can never heal and get to the new.
there is no 1 more important than the business. decisions are made according to creating the highest good for the most people.
always watch out for the "psychic hooks" that people throw in you. you know they are there when a weight enters your gut when they are near.
@tkembo my apologies here is the correct link:
insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. - albert einstein
when you realize that porn is the # 1 biz on the web, you get an idea where our hearts, minds, crotch, souls, and $ are.
only when the tide goes out do you discover who's been swimming naked. - warren buffett
rt @kimkiyosaki live chat is underway on the rich woman facebook wall. log on and post your questions now!
chat live with kim today. 12:30pm pdt:
financial d-day is coming:
rather than sending my savings to wall street i put my money into my pocket via cash flow from assets.
new cor update: the next terrorist strike.
i believe in going for your dreams, not living below your means.
to thrive in the new economy, you need to understand the value of financial education.
99% of success is really a mental attitude and how you look at life.
debtors with good debt--debt that makes them money will win. debtors with bad debt--debt that makes them poorer will lose....
financial iq is made up of knowledge from four areas: accounting, investing, understanding markets & the law.
next week the fed has a meeting on the state of the economy. will they be able to keep deflation at bay? i doubt it:
730 meeting just posted for rich dad insiders. sign up to view the video:
an exclusive update from my tour through europe...cor bulletin #49  the end of europe
thanks to everyone who made it out to london. if you missed it, kim & i are hitting the road again for vegas july 22-25.
how to raise capital: context vs content. learn more here:
today you do not need money to make money. you simply need knowledge.
dont expect the government to save you...save yourself by educating yourself.
i wonder why arizona lawmakers and the governor have allowed these laws to pass:
5 things entrepreneurs need to be successful in todays world: philosophy, pr, marketing sales & money.
spread the word:
with every dollar we have, we hold the power to be rich, poor or middle class..poor people simply have poor spending habits.
a philosophy has the power to transcend all national borders...develop the power of philosophy.
im always looking for new mentors. thats how you learnby hanging out with smart people.
ive recently noticed pages on facebook i do not post on & are not associated with rich dad. this is my only facebook:
broadcasting live on the american entrepreneur right now. call 412.333.1360 to ask me a question or listen here:
live on air segment with ron morris today at 3pm to 6pm est. taking questions during the show at 412.333.1360 or tune in at taeradio.com.
what does it take to become a rich dad? listen to my live segment today with ron morris at 3pm to 6pm est. www.taeradio.com
risk is always diminished if you love what the investment is, understand it and know the game.
chat with @kimkiyosaki and my sister @tenzinkacho live tomorrow (12:30 pm mst) on the rich woman facebook wall.
mind your own business.  financial struggle is often the result of people working all their life for someone else.
learn how to think like the rich. cashflow the web gameand it's free.
wealth is the ability to survive so many number of days forward. if you stopped working today how long could you survive?
the investment is not risky. its the lack of simple financial intelligence.
three life changing days
the rich buy assets. the poor have expenses. the middle class buy liabilities they think are assets.
money does not start in your handsit starts in your head.
i was surprised to hear a so-called expert explain how investors are scrambling for safety...
the fishing is good off of kona, hawaii. my big catch...an ulua (we set this one free). 
rt @blairsinger: never give up on yourself and never quit until youve achieved your goal.
lack of information is the number one barrier to wealth.
too often we focus on borrowing money to get the things we want instead of focusing on creating money.
"the definition of insanity is doing the same thing and expecting a different result." -albert einstein
rt @tenzinkacho some people find their calling early in life. some find it very late in life and others never find it at all. #quotes
living on borrowed time.
follow my sister on twitter @tenzinkacho and facebook page
rt @adelgado09 we have events and new training sessions coming up..
@melanie_melz thank you for the rt. hope you are able to attend a session.
rt @conspiracyrich a team makes you stronger by complementing your weaknesses, enhancing your strengths and pushing you forward....
if you want to be rich you need to think independently rather than go along with the crowd.
what is the first step in training your brain to see money? the answer is financial literacy.
a person who has a loser mentality will always lose no matter what stock, bond, real estate or mutual fund they buy.
its a big, social world & i want you to know this is my official twitter. thanks for your support & come here for real rich dad advice.
with each dollar we put in our hands, we hold the power to choose our future to be rich, poor or middle class.
action always beats inaction.
@theryanmcgrath thanks for the rt. could not agree more.
rt @renalaine_0429. start small and stay focused. also use your tools.
know the difference between an asset and a liability, and buy assets.
the poor and the middle class work for money. the rich have money work for them.
bad deals chase the money, while the money chases good ones.
is your #littlevoice telling you not to move forward on your dream? my rd advisor @blairsinger is chatting live now.
smart money decision of the day.
working hard and saving money, it's a setup. #richdadevent
the purpose of leadership is to make life easier. communists and socialists make life harder. #richdadevent
i don't have to know everything. that's why teams are so important to me. #richdadevent
unity is plural. it takes a minimum of two. #richdadevent
getting ready for day 3 at #richdadevent (via @richdadevent)
paradigm shift in america: capitalism to debtism to statism. #richdadevent
my theory on bacon and eggs. the chicken is involved but the pig is committed. #richdadevent
in school they say mistakes are bad. in the rich dad world, there is power in making mistakes. #richdadevent
ending day 1 by playing hex. u remember 90% of what u say and do by simulating real life, ur 1 step closer to the real deal. #richdadevent
history is important because it repeats itself. richard duncan is explaining where currency came from and where it's going. #richdadevent
you can have all the wealth you want but without health, it means nothing. and vice versa. #richdadevent
follow my team and i all day today from gold vs the u.s. dollar #richdadevent join in the action!
stupidity is infinite. knowledge is limited. be willing to admit you don't know something and learn. #richdadevent
c.i.a. stands for capitalism intelligence army. #richdadevent
gold vs us $ is about to begin. a true meeting of the minds. you should be here. #richdadevent
tomorrow is going to be one hell of an event. who's going? tweet me.
money is one form of power.  but what is more powerful is financial education.
rt @kimkiyosaki: a real #richwoman journey
when i was a kid, there was a popular game called risk.... 
shooting the scared cows...
great event.  thank you cbs and everyone for following.  robert
kim k:  start with a plan to get you financially free. ours was to acquire cash flowing assets to cover our living expenses.  #richdadevent
mike m:  lots of free videos at
rodney:  your credit report is your adult report card.  it matters.  get it in line. rodney's new book credit 911 can help.
garrett: protect your assets.  put each property in a separate llc.#richdadevent
the rich get richer because they use debt to print their own money. take the time to learn. it's not high math. you can do it. #richdadevent
mike maloney says buy silver and hold it until it goes into a bubble. then sell it. he believes it is undervalued now.#richdadevent
we're going to see more people walk from commerical bldgs bec taxes going up, rents down, owe more than worth...opportunity #richdadevent
fed can't raise interest on home loans because resets are coming.  people can't pay now, how will they pay when rates inc? #richdadevent
rt @beautybuff: @therealkiyosaki @kimkiyosaki #richdadevent financial management should be taught in schools
garrett sutton:the irs treats forgiveness of debt as income! no one is born knowing this. find a team of smart people!#richdadevent
if you default on your home loan and are forgiven of the debt, you will be taxed on that amount!  surprised? #richdadevent
if you are stuggling financially. don't let that stop you from getting smarter.  seek answers by asking questions.#richdadevent
adversity was the best thing that ever happened to me.  it made me stronger and smarter#richdadevent
people ask what should i do?  seek out your team.  ask tough questions so you learn. invest for cash flow with intellegence.#richdadevent
you will want to absolutely get rid of your credit card debt because interest rates will only go up.#richdadevent
people think stocks are going up in value. no. they're going up in price when compared to commodities like gold or oil.#richdadevent
employees and self employed work for money.  business owners and investors acquire assets that will survive economic downturns.#richdadevent
i'm not against financial planners.  i'm against ignorance. today people are investing without knowledge #richdadevent
looks like we'll begin at 1:30!  pardon the delay.#richdadevent
rich dad live event will begin again at 1:00 cst #richdadevent
rich dad is an education company. we make you wiser. can't do it on your own? get a coach or mentor.
common factor among rich or poor: life requires cash flow. erin uses "lifestyle investments" for this. protects them. #richdadevent
erin's point...accidents happen. if you were sued? which of your assets could be taken from you? protection! #richdadevent
commodities help you hedge inflation. inflation is one of the things that robs you of your wealth. #richdadevent
tax advantages go to the business owners and investors, not employees or sole proprietors. tax code set up that way. #richdadevent
why more gold than silver to invest in?  we consume silver.  we save gold. #richdadevent
@joanmama glad you and everyone in dallas and online are taking charge of their futures.#richdadevent
@joanmama glad you and everyone in dallas and online are taking charge of their futures.#richdadevent
a few speakers from the dallas financial community on stage now.  joseph hooper and aaron zalewski.  #richdadevent
best seller conspiracy of the rich tells why things are the way they are and what to do about it.  opportunity! #richdadevent
mike maloney:  want to hedge inflation? (yes!) then look at history.  what we're going through has happened before...a lot! #richdadevent
tom w. asked who wants to retire poor?  401 (k) are set up to assume you will be poorer when you retire then you are now. #richdadevent
ken mcelroy: likes investing in rental properties because he likes debt. use other people's $$ to make $$. rents pay debt. #richdadevent
ken mcelroy is explaining why he likes investing in rental properties.  first...good trends toward rentals - population. #richdadevent
the 4 asset classes: real estate, commodities, business, paper. learn how to make $$ w them all today.
the 4th thing i look for... management.  will the project be well managed for cash flow? #richdadevent
the 3rd thing i look for in an investment...financing.  i don't know everything but i keep asking questions and learning.#richdadevent
the second thing i look for in an investment...partners.  i work with people who i have a relationship with.#richdadevent
tax, debt, inflation and retirement are what causes people to be poor.  #richdadevent
if you can't get on the  web site.  keep trying.  lots of hits now bec the event is just starting. 
assets put money in your pocket via cash flow. get online now and see robert kiyosaki live now.
to make better decisions. ask better questions when it comes to managing money. it takes financial education.#richdadevent
want to see robert kiyosaki live online now?
#richdadevent live dallas event just got underway.  robert kiyosaki on stage now.
see you tomorrow in dallas. promo code: mawf to donate $25 from your ticket to @makeawish
@jaynejohnson  thanks jayne.
one of the basics: the poor and the middle class work for money.  the rich have money work for them.
my sweetheart @kimkiyosaki is live facebook chatting right now! join her with your questions...
my darling kim! rt @kimkiyosaki @therealkiyosaki hey sweetie. are you going to be joining us today on the live #fb chat?
rt @conspiracyrich: chat with @kimkiyosaki live tomorrow on #facebook....
rt @kimkiyosaki: i want to chat with you! bring your investing questions this thursday at 12:30-1:30 pst
lol..kids making moves! rt @lilnailboutique my son following your advice! he's the proud owner of 2 candy machines!
the most important event i have ever put on...
meet me in dallas and give back. $25 of your ticket will go to @makeawish  use this promo code: mawf
#38 - point of no return
gotta listen to tom
thinking like the rich means giving back. $25 of ur ticket to live in dallas goes to @makeawish  promo code: mawf 
the number one expense for most people is taxes.
money comes and goes, but if you have the education about how money works, you gain power over it and can begin building wealth.
why this crisis doesn't make sense to normal people
become an insider
the poor, the unsuccessful, the unhappy, the unhealthy are the ones who use the word tomorrow the most.
my rich dad believed in the kiss principle  keep it simple stupid
find out what i'm reading 
ready to do big things? make your move. check out the new learning shortcuts...
the power of choice.  that is the main reason why people want to live in a free country.
the greatest losses are those from missed opportunities.
dallas is the place to be. join me...
businesses fail an avg of 9 times out of 10....guess what? it's worth the 9 tries.
getting ready for dallas 
cor #33 - an important 30 days
@mike_maloney great podcast this week. thanks again for you insights buddy. this next event will be life changing.
"i'm not a genius. i'm just a tremendous bundle of experience."
- dr r. buckminster fuller
i've never been so pumped! i've been preparing for my future since 1971. #richdadpodcast thank you all for joining us today.
that's why i say savers are losers. every dollar you put in the bank they make ten.  #richdadpodcast
how is everyone doin? tweet with the team #richdadpodcast
rt @kimkiyosaki: sign up on www.richdad.com rt @syahara21: @kimkiyosaki what is #richdadpodcast ? how can i join it?
an hour left
are you playing by the old rules of money?
look around. unemployment is high. your 401 (k) is likely a 201 (k) by now. these are the old rules of $ in action. something has to change.
hello ms. orman @suzeormanshow please join me 4 tomrw's podcast to learn about my financial views.
my exclusive podcast tmrw @ 5pm pst.
in 1981, i got my leap of faith when i attended a week-long seminar by r. buckminster fuller. when will you get over your hurdles?
get registered for my free podcast for march 16th
e stands for employee. what do u stand for?
thanks don rt @donroberts there's a lot of wisdom in his quotes. #ff him if you're not already
she tweeted, he tweeted.. yes, we did. 
ready for this.. cashflow goes interactive
we all require a different mentor. smart ones want to learn to make millions w cash flow, others just need to be scolded.
if we are talking losses @suzeormanshow how about the trillions lost through 401k's
i can't believe this lady - @suzeormanshow.  no way in hell she believes what she teaches.
rt @kimkiyosaki: my new favorite event...my next live #fb chat is march 10th @ 12:30 mst. join me w your investing ?'s
we all need teachers who demand more of us than we would ourselves.
conspiracy bulletin - is the crisis over?
losers are losing money..but not everyone.
the most dangerous move a person can make? bad debt.
i have had multiple "rich dads" in my life...mentors. these people are the key to a life of continuous knowledge and wealth.
rt @conspiracyrich: latest cor bulletin #28 - it's all greek to me 
the poor and middle class will be gone..just like that. 
the biggest scam ever
i'm getting richer because i know taxes.
ready for a wake-up call? my next event... gold vs the u.s. dollar
you are nuts to believe you go to school then get a job..please.
@marcoregil hey buddy, welcome to twitter..
rt @richdadevent: let's hit 3,000 fans this weekend! 3,000th fan gets a signed kim kiyosaki signed book! #richwoman
get in the game! rt @kimkiyosaki: join in our convo here are the rich woman international forum! use #richwoman
answers for youngupstarts.com -
as a leader, if you blow it, own it.
rt @nanianeleia: just got my w2 @therealkiyosaki sure is right about those taxes! ...hmm i wonder how all my hard earned $$ was spent??
rt @mastermindcoach: "my poor dad would say, 'i can't afford it,' while my rich dad would say, 'how can i afford it'?" @therealkiyosaki
rt @blairsinger: you wouldnt be able to see the future if you were not meant to create it.
i have answered some of your questions on facebook -
rt @mike_maloney: awesome video by a fan about my book! check it out and rt if you think it's awesome! video:
rt @garybloomer: @therealkiyosaki 2010 is the year of the entrepreneur. robert, hell yes! it's going to blow the doors off the last 10 yrs!
download a free gift from rich woman (@kimkiyosaki) -
rt @nanianeleia: i'm reading increase your financial iq by @therealkiyosaki and i can't put it down!
the unfair advantage -
el sitio de la conspiracin de los ricos ahora est disponible en espaol!
rt @tweetinggranny "my poor dad would say, 'i can't afford it,' while my rich dad would say, 'how can i afford it'?" @therealkiyosaki #quote
rt @kimkiyosaki: 20 year branding veteran will show you how to build yourself & your business @ january's forum.
[video] answers for annie -
rt @conspiracyrich: @therealkiyosaki conspiracy of the rich is also listed on the new york times advice, how-to & misc best sellers list.
leadersaremade,notborn.leadershipisforgedintimesofcrisis.
posted a new video at -
rt @oshawafinancial: great article by @therealkiyosaki - a must read if investing in the us
rt @blairsinger 01.06.10 @ 10am mst i will be on facebook talking to you live about how to accomplish your 2010 goals!
yes, 2010 is the year of the entrepreneur.
translation: happy new year!
rt @reverendro: @therealkiyosaki i just bought cor last night reading chapter 2.  this book is amazing, may be better than rich dad poor dad
u.s. in fiscal peril with $12.1 trillion debt -
have you read conspiracy of the rich? chapter 1  can obama save the world?
rt @blairsinger interviewing robert k. tom. for all access club about conspiracy of the rich. are we facing the biggest depression of all?
the size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire; the size of your dream; and how you handle disappointment along the...
connect with amazing, like-minded women from around the globe. -
rt @rodchristiansen: @therealkiyosaki congratulations on getting the star from publishers weekly!! your message is true and worthy.
good opportunity rt @kenmcelroy: join me tomorrow at 10am mst to live chat on 2010 investing predictions.
discipline delivers a higher quality of life. -
rt @kimkiyosaki: send a soldier a free card! takes only a moment! - www.letssaythanks.com
follow friday - @kimkiyosaki @kenmcelroy @blairsinger @conspiracyrich @mike_maloney
in business the more respectful you are- the more money you make.
abc  always be caring. you can be tough on people as long as you care about them.
i agree with @blairsinger when he says that being on the front line comes with a badge of honor- a badge of courage.
rt @reeseywussy: is reading retire young retire rich. so inspiring! thank you @therealkiyosaki .
rich dad get started family pack - knowledge is the new money -
prepare for the bad times and you will only know good times.
look at michael jordan or any great athlete: when the going gets tough, that's when they turn into geniuses & most people turn into wimps.
rt @kimkiyosaki: get inspired now! join the rich woman community! (it's free!)
success is not possible without sacrifice.
this is the best time. when times are bad is when the real entrepreneurs emerge.
education is what you learn after you leave school.
rt @kimkiyosaki last day to save! would love to see your smiling faces at the first annual rich woman international forum!
rt @donroberts: "if you follow an economist, you're in trouble." ~ @therealkiyosaki
if you dont have that capability of being humble and learning, youre toast because the world is changing too fast.
rt @kimkiyosaki: give the gift of education this holiday season!
i don't know how you can expect to get anything you want without some degree of long-term commitment.
the web is creating more entrepreneurs than ever before.
rt @kimkiyosaki: rich women - this is our time!
theres no second place & i live my life that way. if youre willing to settle for second place, you shouldnt be an entrepreneur.
combat war zones are very hostile environments and entrepreneurship is a very hostile environment.
confidence comes from discipline and training.
there is an international need for more entrepreneurs than ever before.
that's great - rt @caespo:
i still seek mentors and wise men and wise women because that's how you get wiser - by hanging out with smart people.
the government cant create jobs, only entrepreneurs can.
rt @davistanczak can't wait for his first @therealkiyosaki experience tomorrow in edmonton!
great information from @kimkiyosaki on braveheart view appearance.
rt @conspiracyrich how do you feel about your financial security? check out the new discussion topic on the facebook page
as long as the fed is printing, silver and gold are better than dollars over the long run.
@jesshispana unfortunately we are printing more money which in turn decreases the value of the dollar. rt so..why don't we print more money?
rt @nationaldebt $11,986,954,033,520.56 (-)
success requires sacrifice. are you ready?
happy veterans day to all
difficult situations are tests of your leadership.
value is often not measured in money. #richdadevent
often times, a persons true character comes out when they have no money. #richdadevent
often times, a persons true character comes out when they have no money. #richdadevent
business is leveraged through systems and people. #richdadevent
every liability you have is someone else's asset. #richdadevent
that was my 100th tweet- i am assuming this is an accomplishment
if you fail, learn, and move on, you're growing.
if you could ask me 1 question... what would it be? ...in 140 characters or less, of course. shoot me your questions!
nice picture! rt @princesshu
@kimkiyosaki - have fun with your #richwoman live chat this afternoon.
@dtjobe thank you for participating. see you at my next one.
i want to thank you all for participating in my first live facebook chat. stay tuned for my investing  chat right here on twitter.
thank you! rt @peterscotts reading rich dad's conspiracy of the rich- the 8 new rules of money... robert kiyosaki. good stuff!
tomorrow (10/30/09) at 1pm pst, i will be on facebook live answering your questions. look forward to talking to you then!
pursue your entrepreneurial dream -
thank you! i greatly appreciate it! rt @tongie000 @therealkiyosaki i love conspiracy of the rich, awesome work...
people are afraid to tell the truth, to say no. that's where toughness comes into play. toughness isn't being a bully. it's having backbone.
wayne palmer & i share w/you how to make deals without money. november 6-8th in scottsdale, az. (promo: artfac09)
follow @conspiracyrich for updates and information on my new york times bestseller.
you must give in order to receive.
online exclusive #5 has been released on conspiracy of the rich.com
today is the word for winners and tomorrow is the word for losers.
smart woman! rt @kimkiyosaki the rules have changed. what are the new rules? today, knowledge makes you rich! #richdadhawaii
nice rt @soundz714: @therealkiyosaki @kimkiyosaki starting a cashflow club with my master mind group. just ordered the game. super excited!!
@oshawafinance i plead the fifth.
@suzeormanshow don't you know the fdic is broke? now i'm really worried.
thank you everyone for making my first online book #8 on ny times best seller list. unbelieveable!
follow friday - wisdom from the rich dad advisors - @mcelroyken @blairsinger @thewaynepalmer @kathyheasley @kimkiyosaki
join me on facebook -
your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow.
on w/neil cavuto - fox news
rt @mcelroyken kiyosaki: silver is my no. 1 investment
art of the deal - november 6th-8th, 2009 with @thewaynepalmer
@hendrixski read conspiracy of the rich.
kicking off day two of the rd real estate summit. nice work kenny. @mcelroyken #richdadevent
rt @blairsinger: "the largest transfer of wealth in history is about to happen." - scott mcpherson, capital advisory group #richdadevent
@mcelroyken rt @blakeinjc what do you do with a rental in an area that recently got bad economically as renters leave....? #richdadevent
rt @mcelroyken: additional references to help you in your real estate journey - irem.org, realtor.org.. #richdadevent
rt @mcelroyken asks 'what happens in a recession?' crime, fear, job loss and education returns up; spending, interest rates and markets down
rt @mcelroyken"this is the biggest change in financial history..." -@therealkiyosaki #richdadevent
just introduced @mcelroyken at #richdadevent - send questions using #richdadevent
discussing the rich dad real estate summit with @mcelroyken.
met with donald in new york.  great meeting.  talked about how at our age we can choose to only doing business with people we like.
i'm on page 2 of time magazine, july 13th issue.  can't believe it.  never in my wildest dreams did i ever think i would be in time.
check out my latest cor chapter -- now posted!
back in hawaii.  now weeding in garden, something i have not done in years.  quite enjoyable pulling weeds rather than writing.
just finished last chapter of conspiracy.  toughest chapter so far.  knew what i wanted to say but did not know how to say it.
saw australian movie, samson and delilah.  unbelievable intense movie with people who are not professionals.  director is a genius.
in sydney.  great place to live. met with old friends. fed seagulls at beach. amazed at how we see life differently. makes life interesting.
i'm feeling generous! learn how to get a free copy of the book i wrote with my friend donald trump:
leaving sydney for  auckland, nz...home of the kiwi bird, a bird that eats, roots, shoots and leaves.  also home all blacks rugby.
my free online book has just posted chap 8; conspiracyoftherich.com.
had fish massage.  thousands of fish nibbling at my feet an ankles.  quite an erotic thrill.  singapore is spectacular. on to australia.
flying over vietnam brought back many unsettling memories.  beautiful country. wonder why we went to war?  same with iraq and afghanistan.
on my way to kuala lumpur with the rich dad team!
great party for real book of real estate in a room with a real estate brain trust. met o'neils winners of twitter contest from texas.
great party last night! thanks to insider greg o'neal who was my vip guest!  early sales indications on the book are looking great!
was on doctors, cbs tv hit program yesterday.  big party tonight for launch of the real book of real estate.  friends coming in to party.
ch. 7 now posted. if you haven't been reading - start now; conspiracyoftherich.com. it's compelling, interactive & free!
went to naturopathic dentist to have mercury fillings removed.  dentist dressed as if he were working at a toxic waste sight.
bragging a bit.  both donald trump and steve forbes have endorsed my book increase your financial iq. i have a hard time believing it.
will be on cbs tv program the doctors this week, i believe.  i will let you know when the program airs as soon as i find out.
finishing c-8 for conspiracy.  this chapter is on how to print your own money, legally.  eye opening chapter.
sitting at home being told what i can't do.  everyone seems to worry about my reputation so i sit here with a muzzle on my fingers.
make sure to check out @conspiracyrich, for the latest on my new book, conspiracy of the rich. help expose the conspiracy!
insiders! email rhonda@richdad.com 4 chance to be my guest at the real book of real estate launch party in phx. join insiders @ richdad.com
great seminar on raising capital.  blew minds.  today working on possible rich dad investment fund, specializing in apartment houses.
teaching 3-day program on how to raise capital, the #1 skill of an entrepreneur. excited.  love this subject.
swine flu and the president's jet flying empty, low, and with fighter escort.  what else can be done to scare the crap out of people?
watching stock market go down.  entering "the bad six months (may through october) for the stock market.  i wonder if history will repeat.
gun show packed.  wonder why?  something is in the air.  could it be fear of violence?  could it be fear of obama making guns harder to buy?
going to giant gun show tomorrow with kelly ritchie and his son.  looking forward to seeing thousands of guns and gun fanatics. sick but fun
enjoyed talk on discrimination in tucson.  talked about we all discriminate.  we like some people and do not like others.
saturday. on to tucson. doing talk on racial discrimination.  interesting subject. wonder what i will say?
doctors tv show fantastic.  about health and money. very important show. emotional. watch for it.
it is becoming more frustrating talking to people who are clueless about the economy.  they seem to know nothing and desire to know nothing.
sitting at airport.  checking forecast on gold.  seems it will be testing $1000 in the near future.  will it be last time to buy below $1000
leaving for la.  will appear on cbs tv program the doctors tomorrow.  please watch.
this is my first twitter.  think it is ridiculous that someone else is impersonating me on twitter.
hello!
hello!
make 2014 your best year ever! register for our free @entreleadership ecoaching session tomorrow. limited space!
how to make crafty christmas ornaments with... a machete?
sometimes you need to take a break and refocus. keep your eye on the goal. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic 12/4: wilco, death cab for cutie, m83, yes, blink-182, keane, atlas genius, volcano choir, the weeks.
warren paid off $53,000 in 21 months by picking up a few side jobs and getting a better paying one!!
@jantal @daveramsey glad you asked! december 20th.  send your stories to daveonair@daveramsey.com.
preparation and intentionality are keys to success. #daveramsey
#tdrsmusic 12/3: foo fighters, foster the people, queens of the stone age, red hot chili peppers, the police, u2...
first 1,000 seats to the smart conference in dallas are just $19! that's a steal. get your passes here:
maybe the best debt free lobby yell yet!  daughter surprises her dad w/ some "special news" live on @ramseyshow
@andysmith111 we announce every week. the day varies. we also post the video of the winner call to our facebook.
#tdrsmusic 12/2: arcade fire, black keys, mutemath, chromatics, charles bradley, cake, delta spirit, spoon, air.
brittain surprised her dad telling him she paid off $50,000 in 33 months. she is 29 and completely
join us today for wisdom and inspiration from @daveramsey. watch or listen live 2-5 pm est with the ios app or here:
when you're overwhelmed with bills, you're broke. when you're broke, you can't give. #davedaily
make sure you sign up for the dave's deals newsletter to get your exclusive coupon to our friday sale!
#tdrsmusic 11/27: vince guaraldi, third eye blind, 311, explosions in the sky, the kooks, sufjan stevens, the killers
brandon and alicia paid off $32,000 in 3 years and even got brandon's school to cover the rest of his
watch or listen live to the dave ramsey show today, even if you're on the road! 2-5 pm est with our ios app or here:
@livebig1 "jab, jab, jab, right hook"
when a lie is repeated loud enough and long enough, some people accept it as fact. #davedaily
we're so happy to have @joelosteen on the show right now! tune in live:
don't miss the dave ramsey show today! watch or listen live for free, 2-5 pm est. use the ios app or our website:
practice what you preach to your kids. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic 11/25: coldplay, u2, the cranberries, chromatics, the black keys, emerson hart, electric guest, haim.
@mitchelburton her name is deena and her band is called veridia.
watch or listen to the dave ramsey show today live. catch us 2-5 pm est. it's free at our website:
watch @daveramsey talk about explaining a christmas budget to your kids:
#tdrsmusic 11/22: the shins, supertramp, the zombies, foo fighters, social distortion, royal teeth, u2, aar.
don't forget to enter dave's big christmas giveaway! you can enter once per day here:
#tdrsmusic 11/21: pearl jam, dave matthews band, my morning jacket, churchill, social distortion, grizzly bear, u2.
selling your home? here are the traits to look for in a great real estate agent:
last week we suggested some apps that will save you money at christmas. here are 5 more:
making changes is about compromise and sacrifice. #davedaily
4 ways to never pay full price for anything:
don't fall for get-rich-quick schemes and other money scams. #davedaily
this giveaway has been awesome! we love surprising folks on the air. make sure you enter to win yourself!
dave just gave away $2,500 on the air, and he's about to give away another $2,500! watch or listen live:
yes! coming up next! rt @halze: @ramseyshow will the winner of the $2500 be announced on today's show??
you can do one of two things today  stay the same, or change. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic 11/18: phosphorescent, volcano choir, atlast genius, foster the people, boston, air, keith urban, mutemath
don't forget: you can enter our big christmas giveaway once a day! this week, win $2,500 for you and a friend.
5 questions to ask before buying a christmas gift:
using cash prevents you from spending money you don't have. #davedaily
should john give his son-in-law $100,000? dave's take:
#tdrsmusic 11/15: trent dabbs, band of horses, beck, relient k, brett dennen, the raconteurs, tegan and sara, spoon...
5 ways our christmas budgeting tool will change your life:
we're live today with another great show! watch or listen from 2-5 pm est. it's free at our website:
#tdrsmusic 11/14: tears for fears, frightened rabbit, tobymac, p.o.d., fun. dave matthews band, metallica, new order.
if you decide to start a business, make sure to give yourself a cushion. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic 11/13: mcrad, doves, editors, living colour, the avett brothers, the stone roses, the cars, grizzly bear.
dave's win big, give big christmas giveaway starts today! win some cash for you and a friend... enter here:
#tdrsmusic 11/12: the zombies, u2, camera obscura, the cranberries, shovels and rope, holly williams, chromatics...
watch and listen to the show today for wisdom from @daveramsey. we're live 2-5 pm est, and it's free to watch:
your budget won't work if you keep letting impulse buys get in the way of your plan. #davedaily
how do you handle a child who keeps asking for money? dave answers:
#tdrsmusic 11/11 @toothandnail alum: twothirtyeight, poor old lu, copeland, mae, further seems forever, starflyer 59.
need some help with money, or just a little inspiration? watch the show live today from 2-5 pm est. it's free:
debt is normal. be weird. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic 11/8: the police, u2, palma violets, trent dabbs, augustana, the cure, daft punk, beck, arcade fire.
if you're interested in attending an @entreleadership event to supercharge your business, visit
we're still going with our business and leadership discussion on the show. watch or listen live for free:
watch or listen live to our broadcast from @entreleadership master series here:
hey everyone, @facebook seems to be having some issues today. if you can't get to dave's page, it's not just you! we'll keep you posted.
you need dreams to win, but you also need action. #davedaily
you can watch the live @entreleadership remote today at 2p et/ 1p ct here:
#tdrsmusic 11/7: tom petty, rush, my morning jacket, david bowie, pixies, jurassic 5, dave matthews, the stone roses.
don't squander your retirement on these 10 things:
don't let a money emergency derail you. make sure you have savings! #davedaily
#tdrsmusic 11/6: m83, cold war kids, dispatch, muse, the killers, run-dmc and aerosmith, mumford and sons, the cure.
money is a marathon, not a sprint. there are no shortcuts. #davedaily
@bettyloula friday = live broadcast from @entreleadership ems!
#tdrsmusic 11/5: pearl jam, band of horses, the killers, the alan parsons project, tv on the radio, the whigs, plumb.
have you used our new my christmas budget tool? it works on your computer or smartphone and it's totally free! visit
men and women tend to handle money differently. learn how to use that to compromise and grow as a couple. #davedaily
we're so excited about all our guests this week for @entreleadership! check out the el twitter account for behind-the-scenes photos.
don't get stressed by christmas.
last time we checked, christmas falls on the same date every year. #davedaily
total debt paid by debt free callers on the show this week = $4,861,000! year to date = $39,732,000.
@saravankampen @daveramsey the lines are full right now but hang in there and they'll open up next hour! i'll try to let you know when.
don't miss a second of advice and inspiration today. watch or listen live 2-5 pm est. it's completely free!
a successful debt-free strategy is about changing behavior and getting motivated. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic halloween: michael jackson, eurythmics, pink floyd, kavinsky, rockwell, m83, the national, stevie wonder.
oh yeah...and pete and renee are now worth $5 million and drive used cars w/ over 100k miles on both.
if you don't like where you are, it's time to change something. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic 10/30: the national, red hot chili peppers, ryan adams, foo fighers, pinback, augustana, pink floyd...
thanks to @craiggroeschel for joining us on the show today! his new book fight is available at
real money answers. inspiring stories of hope. you'll find both on the show today. watch or listen live free:
have you ever experienced facebook envy?
having fun doesn't have to be expensive. #davedaily
we're happy to have @chrishogan360 on the show today! listen or watch live for free right now:
don't get sucked into a debt spiral for the false promise of credit card "rewards". #davedaily
#tdrsmusic 10/28: lou reed, the velvet underground, spoon, wilco, dawes, john lennon, holly williams, 
leaders are made, not born. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic 10/25/13: dropkick murphys, beck, new order, pearl jam, michael jackson, inxs, etc.
adam and jesseca from chicago just did their debt free scream on-air ($45k in 24 mnths) which brings our yr to date total to over $34 million!
we bet you haven't tried this quick and easy way to save $500 or more without cutting your budget:
you can't afford to get house fever. #davedaily
@jacobtrego if you can't afford dave's books right now, they usually have them at your local public library!
it's another great day of hope and advice from @daveramsey! join us live from 2-5 pm eastern. 100% free to watch!
4 ways to talk about money when you're dating:
money is a great way for couples to grow closer together through compromise. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic 10/23: beach house, givers, wilco, the killers, m83, the national, the redwalls, eisley, haim, etc.
having trouble selling a home? it might be time to lower the price.
don't miss the show today for the money answers you need! watch live for free from 2-5 pm eastern, repeats after:
dave dispels minimum wage myths in the latest #davecam clip:
#tdrsmusic 10/22: r.e.m., the roots, the clash, the stone roses, ryan adams, peter murphy, first aid kit, etc.
join us today for the dave ramsey show live. you can watch or listen free from wherever you are, 2-5 pm eastern:
you should always be learning and growing in your strengths. #davedaily
dave is live today with three hours of hope and money answers. watch or listen free 2-5 pm eastern:
surprisingly, the irs has made it easier than before to save money for retirement. learn how:
@dusty_radio dave has been on the road doing live events. he's back live today!
#tdrsmusic 10/18: tribes, modest mouse, wilco, echo and the bunnymen, cat power, the who, tobymac...
a zero-based budget will help you spend less and save more. here's how to make one:
how should a married couple decide on a budget?
#tdrsmusic 10/17: pink floyd, mumford and sons, foo fighters, the killers, david bowie, zz top, fleetwood mac...
unfortunately a signed house contract doesn't always mean you can breathe easy. watch out for these gotchas:
have you ever thought about investing in gold? here's why dave says it's a bad idea:
many folks who are winning at investment are doing so with the roth ira. here's how to get started:
money scams are everywhere. here are the most common ones and how to avoid them:
kids don't respond to what you say, they respond to what you do. be a good example. #davedaily
do you have a plan for halloween, thanksgiving, and christmas? now is the time to prepare.
#tdrsmusic 10/14: billy idol, keane, miike snow, the shins, the shore, grizzly bear, aerosmith, band of horses.
this is the only real way to reach your goals:
proof that a simpler lifestyle can lead to a better retirement:
opposites really do attract, and most marriages have a saver and a spender who must work together. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic 10/11: los straightjackets, beastie boys, journey, burlap to cashmere, the avett brothers, fastball...
fall is coming! here are 5 ways to lower your heating bill during the colder months:
building wealth is just a step to the real goal  to live and give generously. #davedaily
@drewster_23 no plans for an android app right now. the web app works great on most everything we've tested:
see why @daveramsey calls the fico score the "i love debt" score:
check out dave talking about overcoming adversity with our friend @johncmaxwell on his webcast tonight at 9pm edt:
want to work for dave's team? we have 30+ open positions, including this one for technical recruiter:
you have to change yourself before you can change your situation. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic 10/9: deastro, social distortion, no doubt, muse, depeche mode, simon and garfunkel, cold cave, the xx, u2.
@charlukas hold tight...had to do a quick reboot.  it's coming back shortly!
@justinhancock hold tight...had to do a quick reboot.  it's coming back shortly!
when applying for scholarships, small differences will set you apart from the crowd. here are @rachelcruze's tips:
financing a dog?! dave says the only thing worse would be financing a cat. great clip from the dave ramsey show:
#tdrsmusic 10/8: tv on the radio, echo and the bunnymen, tame impala, elliott smith, the mowgli's, fleet foxes, givers.
join us today for 3 hours live of the dave ramsey show. watch or listen completely free from 2-5 pm est.
you didn't go into debt overnight, so you can't get out of it overnight either. #davedaily
lori hid debt from her husband... so why is it more than just her fault? you need to hear this call:
want more great content from @daveramsey and his team delivered to you daily? follow us on facebook!
we just heard about a couple that financed a $1k dog, then it got hit/killed and damaged the van that hit it (now that owe on the dog and van!)
ready for another awesome day of the dave ramsey show? watch or listen live for free for the next 3 hours:
awesome news! more than 1 million students have completed dave's high school curriculum program.
student loans are a plague on america. here's why dave urges parents and kids to go to school debt-free:
#tdrsmusic 10/4: living colour, pond, pink floyd, doves, the connells, boston, the rolling stones, minus the bear.
in case you missed it... 10 things americans waste money on:
it's not always about money on our show. watch dave take on this tough question about a possible workplace affair:
#tdrsmusic 10/3: flight of the conchords, phosphorescent, crowded house, phantom planet, alt-j, haim, wild cub, u2.
thanks for joining us for the small biz theme hour! if you want more, check out the new @entreleadership website:
more great small business advice coming up from @daveramsey and @chrishogan360. watch free:
biz leaders...watch @daveramsey and @chrishogan360 answer small biz/leadership questions live here 2-3p ct
@sdtcomic @daveramsey glad you were listening in!
join us today for money advice and wisdom from @daveramsey. we're live for the next 3 hours. watch or listen free:
do you waste money on any of these 10 things?
thinking about bankruptcy? think again. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic 10/2: travis, beck, radiohead, kings of leon, mutemath, don henley, ra ra riot, beach house, college, cake
you need to read @andyandrews' new book the noticer returns! you can get it right now for just $12 at
author @andyandrews joins us live in studio at 2:30 pm central today! make sure to tune in for free:
money can be a great opportunity to grow closer in marriage if you let it. #davedaily
"throw her butt in the street!" 

watch this clip to hear what made @daveramsey say this phrase:
#tdrsmusic 10/1: the postal service, iron and wine, radiohead, the national, snow patrol, tears for fears, the shins.
today, we're especially proud of employers who help their teams gain financial wellness with dave's core program:
send us your creative video of how you destroy credit cards and we'll feature it on the new video channel!
if you are a government employee that has been furloughed by the shutdown, we want to hear from you. give dave a call at (888) 825-5225
dave is live today with the answers and inspiration you need! watch or listen live for free for the next 3 hours:
if you don't turn your dream into a vision, it will die. #davedaily
check out the profile video on our video channel camera wizard, conor wangner
congress will be taking fpu //rt @teamcavuto: president will speak at 4:45 re: possible gov't shutdown. what do you want to hear him say?
watch michael and deena's debt-free story
watch @rachelcruze live in studio w/ @daveramsey right now!
join us today for 3 great hours of money help and your stories. dave is live and free on video today!
don't forget to budget for these common october expenses!
find something you love and get started doing it! #davedaily
#tdrsmusic lots of new bumps today: peter bradley adams, lorde, nada surf, elliott smith, brett dennen, radiohead...
@melissathecoach great call melissa!
check out the profile video on our video channel tech director, david wilkinson
james is taking bump requests for the show today. submit ideas to him at @jameschilds or share a song on spotify:
join us today for 3 free live hours of money answers and stories of hope. the show starts now!
4 ways to spot a great investment:
that goes for everyone, but we get a lot of awful tweets from kids  especially ones who are supposed to be paying attention in class.
teenagers, please think before you tweet. most companies check your social media before hiring, and they may not like what they see. #benice
check out our video channel graphics wiz justin baker's profile video!
@johnnunezga he says it every single time.
your friends and family may not understand why you're cutting back. don't worry, it's worth it. #davedaily
@bryanpeters thanks for reading!
@danjarvisus we'll try to get it up on youtube soon.
@mom2girlsnboy we are live 2-5 pm eastern every weekday. you can watch or listen free at
@aeclark316 dave recommends at least 20% down on a 15-year fixed-rate mortgage.
@ken2762 that's awesome, ken! so glad you're listening.
@panfather follow the baby steps... while you're getting out of debt, pile all extra money onto that.
@lallenia that's so awesome! think of how different your kids' lives will be because of this. you guys are rock stars!
@kprainjr thanks, kent. remember: you did this, we just helped.
@cja1217 that's awesome, claire! glad to hear it's helping.
@jimbabbjr woohoo! congratulations, jim! way to live like no one else.
#tdrsmusic 9/25: travis, u2, haim, daft punk, boston, leagues, john mayer, the killers, kavinsky, phantom planet...
we're still live for a bit longer today. if you're not watching the free stream, you're missing out!
there are very few situations where quitting your job without having a new one lined up is wise. most of the time it's a temper tantrum.
every day @daveramsey takes your calls and questions live. the show starts now for free, don't miss it:
5 ways to pay for college without loans. great post from @rachelcruze
we've read "the tortoise and the hare". the tortoise wins every time. #davedaily
check out the new "behind the scenes" profile on executive producer @ablakethompson
#tdrsmusic 9/24: matt wertz, austra, alabama shakes, m83, camera obscura, air, led zeppelin, wolfmother, wilco...
how are you guys liking @rachelcruze's new video blog? if you haven't seen it yet, subscribe here:
need help with your money? @daveramsey is here to help. the show is live for the next 3 hours. watch or listen free:
how to surprise your spouse when they know the budget:
don't take money advice from people who don't have a plan. #davedaily
we're live today with money advice and stories of hope. watch or listen live for free:
need help getting started with the envelope system? we have you covered:
most people put forth the least effort possible in their job. choose to be excellent. #davedaily
question to dave: has government intervention helped or hurt in times of economic crisis? he's answering live now:
@suchwasi you can keep up with the bumps playlists here: 
@thedavidcreel please email appsupport@daveramsey.com for assistance.  thanks!
5 leadership lessons from football coaches:
how you handle your money reflects who you are. #davedaily
dave's custom college guide will show you how to go to college debt free!
is the government trying to steal your retirement?
peer pressure can make us do some crazy things.
come see dave and his team live this fall! @daveramseylive
what's the scoop on fafsa and student loans? this great vlog from @rachelcruze explains it all:
success always comes with sacrifice. #davedaily
a budget can be freeing. give every dollar a name before the month begins. learn how at financial peace university:
when's the right time to bail on an investment?
make sure you feel comfortable with your decisions.
#tdrsmusic 9/16: joy division, santana, the decemberists, 311, beastie boys, newsboys, the antlers, u2, norah jones.
discipline understands that getting rich quick is a joke. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic 9/13: shawn colvin, ra ra riot, ryan adams, the police, rayland baxter, lissie, the cure, paramore, u2, mj
total debt paid by debt free callers on the show this week = $2,442,000. year to date = $30,837,000.
"people using [money] for good or bad gives it a good or bad reputation." @daveramsey
"to assume that leaving your children money ruins their life is to assume that money is somehow bad." @daveramsey
the dave ramsey show is all about your life and your money. we talk about you right in front of you. watch live:
#tdrsmusic 9/12: steve miller band, hall and oates, sara groves, earth wind and fire, gorillaz, air, spoon, cake...
huge thanks to @maxlucado for coming on the show! get his new book "you'll get through this" at a great price:
watch @maxlucado live w/ @daveramsey on the brand new video channel from 3-3:30p ct right here:
@meganledford yes ma'am.
author @maxlucado joins dave on the show today in studio at 3 pm central! be sure to watch the show live for free at
money is a great way for married couples to work together and build unity. #davedaily
interesting question to @daveramsey's email about owning stock in the @packers. great responses from you guys on twitter!
interesting call on right now. dave is talking to an employee at a reverse mortgage company. should he keep his job?
today is the day to change your life. if you need motivation and answers, we're here to help. watch or listen live:
there is no shortcut to any place worth going. #davedaily
@giselle_vonkiel if you send specific details (device, connection, location, etc.) to appsupport@daveramsey.com they can help.
#tdrsmusic for 9/10: pat benetar, the national, relient k, switchfoot, weezer, the wild feathers, the weeks, u2...
@ronnoc3 2-5 pm eastern time every weekday.
there's a reason dave is america's trusted voice on money. tune in to the dave ramsey show to find out. watch live:
the domino effect of student loans:
consumers incurred more than $17 bil in new cc debt during the 2nd qrt of the yr, thereby erasing more than 50% of 1st qrt pay down. cardhub
#tdrsmusic 9/9: zero 7, atlas genius, mae, m83, boston, the wallflowers, kiss, givers, third eye blind, mike posner.
need help with the essentials of budgeting? dave's coaching team can help. sign up for this week's budgeting webinar:
dave's 7 baby steps will put you on the journey to financial peace. here's a quick overview:
we're not your typical talk show. tune in for real money answers and stories of hope. watch or listen live for free:
how to talk to your parents about money:
#tdrsmusic 9/6: the 1975, modern english, tame impala, shovels and rope, george kamel, the head and the heart, college.
tune in to the dave ramsey show today for great stories and all the money advice you need. watch or listen live free:
your most powerful wealth-building tool is your income. #davedaily
is success about luck or hard work? if you missed it on the show last week, here's @daveramsey's take:
#tdrsmusic 9/5: capital cities, sufjan stevens, royal teeth, the xx, austra, jimi hendrix, jjamz, twin sister...
our best insurance loopholes to save you money:
ready to talk about your life and your money? that's the plan today on the dave ramsey show. watch or listen free:
it's never too early to teach your kids about money. @rachelcruze shares why in her latest video blog:
don't get discouraged and stop because it isn't perfect the first time. #davedaily
rt @treytlh: great meeting @daveramsey today while doing my #plasectomy @ramseyshow  thanks dave! #marthasplace #yum!
@linares0504 we do! check out
70% of families are living paycheck to paycheck. only 55% are worried about it. we're confused about the other 15%.
learn how to take control of your money with the dave ramsey show. watch or listen live free:
the total money makeover is coming out in a timeless classic edition. pre-order today and get free bonuses!
when we don't give, we miss an opportunity. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic 9/3: iron and wine, foster the people, the knack, emerson hart, the raconteurs, electric guest, dave barnes.
coming up this hour on the show, @jonacuff will join dave in the studio. watch or listen free at our site:
@alainarn not yet. coming up in just a few minutes.
don't miss today's show! all the money advice you need, and we're announcing the big giveaway winner!
for @daveramsey's birthday, let's get him to 1.5 million facebook likes. we're only about 1,000 away!
@julio4cy it's a replica of the truck sam walton (founder of walmart) drove.
we hope everyone is having a great labor day! dave's team is off today, but we'll be back tomorrow with more great content for you.
#tdrsmusic 9/2: jimi hendrix, peter murphy, incubus, smashing pumpkins, the killers, fun., youth group, the cure...
you spend 40 hours a week at your job. @jonacuff explains why you should love what you do:
#tdrsmusic 8/30: first aid kit, beck, real estate, givers, widespread panic, 311, burlap to cashmere, the smiths
check out these awesome money-saving tips for labor day shopping from @rachelcruze's video blog:
cnn wanted to know what was in dave's wallet. check out their awesome red chair interview:
@micahbell @tylerjames i've always loved that song. -@jameschilds
@nathantalley he handed over bump music duties to the new producer @jameschilds. you can follow his playlists here:
#tdrsmusic 8/29: 311, matchbox 20, wild nothing, third eye blind, atlas genius, augustana, ryan adams, air, phoenix.
@nathantalley our bump music is now done by james, the new producer of the radio show.
@taxesyoupay they will all be up there soon!
what makes you successful  luck or hard work? dave's talking about it on the air right now. watch or listen free:
become a negotiating pro with dave's quick tips:
ready to invest? learn how easy it is to setup a roth ira with our free guide:
if you don't like the way something is, do something to change it! #davedaily
today is the day to change your life. dave can help. watch or listen live to the dave ramsey show:
financial winners don't run sprints, they run marathons. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic 8/27: glass oaks, the cardigans, pink floyd, eagles, tame impala, michael jackson, faded paper figures, u2
learn more about the legacy journey at our live chat and webcast tonight at 7:15 eastern time. join us:
we're here to share stories of hope about your life and your money. the dave ramsey show starts in a few minutes:
dave's giving away $7,346! enter to win at our website:
buying a used car? 5 tips you need to know:
#tdrsmusic 8/26: matthew perryman jones, brett dennen, mike posner, ra ra riot, earth, wind, and fire, the weeks, jjamz
love these debt-free calls today! curtis and kimberly paid off $104k in 5 years. watch:
"debt is bad. debt is not your friend, even if it's a low interest rate and a small mortgage." @daveramsey
@lilmaw77 yeah! that's awesome, amy! congratulations to you guys.
@shelbyemustang it's nice when you have an inconvenience on your hands instead of a crisis.
@mrskmckeown way to go, kirsten! keep up that gazelle intensity.
@teckygirl woohoo! we are glad you're here.
@noahwitchell thanks noah. we have a lot of fun with the music. you can follow our daily playlists here:
want dave to cut your credit cards? stop by our office and it could happen just like this:
don't blame others for your situation. search your past and find what caused your faults. #davedaily
get some of our most popular audiobooks starting at just a buck!
we never get tired of hearing these awesome stories of families getting out of debt. brandon and lisa paid off $111k in 3.5 years!
@laurawrightnow whenever you're ready to start investing, an elp can help. if you're on dave's plan, that's baby step 4.
if you think you're bankrupt, you're probably not. you need to stop borrowing and shed some debt.
@honteinvesting i think that's a great question for dave to answer on the air. would you mind giving your first name so we can use it?
a good money plan is dynamic and changes as your life does. #davedaily
@dustinportland hey dustin, we take elp issues very seriously. could you send more info about your situation to service@daveramsey.com ?
#tdrsmusic 8/22: jump little children, copeland, trent dabbs, cold war kids, the national, haim, hall and oates, yes.
adoption is a wonderful blessing, but it can be very expensive. fortunately, it's possible to do adopt debt-free:
if you're beginning your journey to financial peace, use dave's baby steps to take on one problem at a time:
how to protect your family from financial disaster:
@johnzagajeski thanks, i'm a big fan of thandth. -james
want that new phone, tv, or computer that's coming out? don't break the budget, have a plan!
@alainarn no, the money can be used for whatever you need. you could win even if you don't have any debt at all!
@johndollar8 common sense isn't exactly common these days.
@courtneysheerin thanks, courtney! that means a lot to us.
@mycoskie two years of average payments on a student loan.
@alainarn anyone can enter.
"half of solving a problem is realizing there is one." @daveramsey
@aliciafremling is your phone muted? that would make the sound not play.
negotiating doesn't always leave one party with a negative and one with a positive. #davedaily
thanks for tuning in today. if you missed any of the show, watch replays 24/7 at
#tdrsmusic 8/20: camera obscura, relient k, travis, foo fighters, the bravery, the fray, third eye blind, coldplay.
having a will and life insurance in place is one way of saying "i love you" to your family. it's a gift of peace.
painful but powerful story from robin in mo on the show right now. having a plan in the midst of tragedy is vital.
the legacy journey is all about leaving a legacy for your kids and others. it's the next step after fpu. learn more:
.@daveramsey and @rachelcruze are talking legacy and family trees right now. watch live:
you're definitely going to want to join us for the next hour of the show. watch dave and @rachelcruze at
dave and @rachelcruze present the custom college guide to help you go to college debt-free:
today's show is about to begin. catch the last bit of yesterday's show before it starts:
@jess_h_b thanks jess - great album.
the live show starts in just a few minutes! if you haven't watched our video stream yet, you're missing out.
dave's giving away $7,346 in the student loan payoff giveaway! enter to win here:
"job security" is a myth. do something every day to keep up with the change in business. #davedaily
if you missed any of our live shows this week, you can catch replays 24/7 all weekend long at
@rjphx dave suggests paying cash for everything. playing around with interest math is not worth being a slave to debt.
total debt paid off by those who got on the show this week to yell "debt free" = $2,349,500. year to date = $26,561,000.
"a little desperation is good for the soul." another great quote on the show today from @daveramsey
@ericmedina00 dave does not recommend gold, silver, or any precious metal as an investment.
@thehoneybadjer depends on the question. if it's something you can post on twitter, send it our way. otherwise, call (888) 227-3223
@mattmcwilliams2 thanks, matt!
"insurance doesn't make you money. it costs you money to protect the things that do make you money." @daveramsey
almost every debt-free call we get includes an increase in income. when you get on a plan, it gives you intensity that improves your work.
@1047wpgb we're excited to be there! thanks for having us.
almost everything in dave's online store is 50% off for a few more hours. see the bargains here:
@markgruwell thanks for the feedback, mark! i'll pass your compliment on to the team.
@tuxbiker no plans for an android app right now. our audience is ios by a large majority. that's how we made the decision.
@thehoneybadjer dave does sometimes, but the radio/social media team does via @ramseyshow more often.
@lma1103 woohoo! that's awesome, lisa. thanks for sharing.
@curtcloninger hey curt, go here to schedule a visit:
the show starts in about 10 minutes! start watching now to catch some great content before dave goes live.
3 tips for starting the school year off right emotionally from @megmeeker:
@septembergirl17 awesome, jill! thanks for helping to spread hope!
@rockywatsonks dave is on xm 246, but that channel is going away soon. we recommend iheartradio or our site:
@jakeoakman cool! you can watch dave do the show live if you get to our offices between 1-4 pm (central). dave also steps out to say hi.
@deeeeeva congratulations, valerie!
@tuxbiker have you tried the web version? it works great on most android phones:
@jenfen023 yay! we can't wait to see you here.
@megatrev no problem! glad you were helped.
@matthewgrissom thanks for the kind words, matthew!
@jakeoakman when are you in town? the office is closed saturday and sunday, but we're here today if you want to say hi!
#tdrsmusic 8/15: the wonders, tegan and sara, the avett bros, daft punk, dan croll, sufjan stevens, incubus, u2, cake.
it's inspiring when young people like michael in mo call with a desire to learn about money. here's why:
if you're inspired by the great interviews with our team today, check out our career opportunities:
@matthewgrissom dave recommends long-term disability insurance for everyone. more info here:
@dt_werner dave doesn't recommend life insurance for kids. it's one of the insurance gimmicks he says to avoid:
@twinmama85 if you're using chrome, try the built-in browser instead. if you still have trouble, email appsupport@daveramsey.com
"we've destroyed the next crop of geniuses by turning them into slaves to the government." @daveramsey on student loans.
@johnrinaldo congratulations, john!
@modernsauce that hurts.
the live show starts in just a few minutes. tune in today for great calls and stories of hope.
@tersnybor we're working on getting more up there!
the @ramseyshow video channel crew (the ones you don't see often that pull this thing off daily!)
you'll never be happy if you chase money and stuff all your life... #davedaily
@jeffjgt150 hey jeff, it's difficult for us to help with specific cases on twitter. can you email auppsupport@daveramsey.com?
@uniquemanronald can you please email details about how you're watching to appsupport@daveramsey.com ? they will help you out.
infographics, speaker profiles, interviews with business leaders... exclusive content on the video stream is great.
love this awesome history of debt video on our video channel. check out all this exclusive content on the show:
cut, shred or shoot the cards! film your destruction and send it to us to air on our channel!
if you're dumping debt, destroy your credit cards in a creative way and get it on video! send in at
great questions on careers and goals so far. @jonacuff's book start is a great resource:
today's show starts in just a few minutes. watch or listen live at our website:
our new streaming video channel allows us to show so much more. jeff and stacey's debt-free story:
#tdrsmusic 8/13: dave barnes, the cranberries, matt wertz, eisley, alabama shakes, beach house, kavinsky, copeland...
#tdrsmusic 8/13: dave barnes, the cranberries, matt wertz, eisley, alabama shakes, beach house, kavinsky, copeland...
@aaronbrown45 thanks for the kind words!
your tweets sent to @daveramsey or @ramseyshow during the live show might get on the video stream!
@brendanstark thanks, brendan! the whole team worked really hard on it.
@ask2recv yep, we're really proud of it!
most parents worry their kids don't think about money enough. have you ever worried like lynn in mo that your kids think about it too much?
@marywagler thanks for the kind words, mary!
@jaretbenson we are not recommending a replacement at this time.
@nwoodberry1966 thanks nigel! that really means a lot to us. we've worked really hard on this for months!
on jobless males moving back home: "god help you people who have a daughter out there trying to find a man." @daveramsey
@markseckler can you send info about your device, os, browser, internet connection, etc. to appsupport@daveramsey.com ? they will help
the next hour of the dave ramsey show is going live right now! if you're not watching, you're missing awesome stuff:
@amacarthur about 40 minutes into yesterday's show:
ready to find and follow your dream? @jonacuff's start conference is an experience you won't want to miss. join us:
just because you want to live in an area with high real estate costs doesn't mean you can magically afford it. the math just doesn't work.
when you loan family money, "it's at best uncomfortable, and at worst unhealthy and toxic." @daveramsey
dave on the lottery: "it's a government-promoted false hope."
@mr_ruz can you send details about your device, os, browser, internet connection, etc. to appsupport@daveramsey.com ? they will help you.
@jimmclark he did on yesterday's show. we didn't know it was happening, and we're sad it has affected some of our fans.
boundaries are important, especially with money. don't enable bad behavior.
@chrisnoetzel you can always listen or watch the show for free at our website every day:
@jhhurd76 on our show? we ended our endorsement of them several weeks ago.
today's show starts in just a few minutes! watch or listen live at our website or in our new app:
@atfulmer dave recommends small local banks and credit unions.
@ashley_682 congratulations, ashley! that's awesome!
@darinpratt1 dave hasn't changed his mind on gold and other precious metals. still a bad investment!
kids shouldn't go hide in their rooms while mom and dad work on the budget. #davedaily
@mrwood1283 thanks for the kind words, matthew. glad you are a fan.
@smcroft changes to laws about debit processing fees means they were making less money. sad they ended it on a sour note.
@jdbatchelor thanks jeremy. we're just upset with how they are treating their customers, some of who are fans of ours.
@jerrylovestracy thanks for listening!
@janightwolf thanks for the kind words, john. that means a lot to our team.
@randerson888 dave talked about it on the show 8/12. we stopped endorsing them recently, and we had no knowledge. sad for their customers.
@claybob86 no, we are not recommending any replacements at this time.
@bensahlstrom thanks for the kind words, benjamin. that really means a lot to the whole team.
@mrvy33 we understand people being upset. we are too! it's a shame they decided to treat their customers this way.
@theitbros we agree! it's really sad they decided to treat their loyal customers this way  some of them who are fans of ours.
@clw19932003 we're just upset that they treated their customers (some of our fans) this way. not the way to do business!
@hmperschau thanks, hayley. that means a lot to the whole team.
@jsfigiel they money is insured by the fdic, so it's safe. but it's better to get out now than to have to deal with red tape later.
@vennieboy start of the second hour yesterday. we hope to get a clip soon.
@pgauctioneer thanks, peter. that really means a lot to our whole team.
@expoke thou shall prosper by rabbi daniel lapin. link:
@beccakravmama we are not making a recommendation on alternatives right now.
@cddude they pulled their advertising with us and told us they were being sold and business would continue as usual. obviously not the case.
@ladyjevonnah we are sad about the way they handled this with their loyal customers. not the way to do business.
@2chngz we're not making any recommendation on alternatives to perkstreet right now.
@kenkernsjr we're not recommending any alternatives right now.
@thundr1 no, we had no idea. they told us they were being sold, we had no reason to believe things wouldn't keep going as normal.
@thundr1 we're very upset about this and unfortunately had no way of seeing this coming. zander is still awesome and we still endorse them.
@sceo definitely not a coincidence, even if perkstreet wasn't all that "smooth."
@carolinagurl44 we understand being upset. we are too. this completely blindsided us and we're disappointed in how it was handled.
@ericdolph thanks, eric! that means a lot to us.
@cddude we're mad too. we stopped endorsing them recently and found out about their closure today just like you. sad that this happened.
#tdrsmusic 8/12: electric guest, the royal concept, weeks, michael jackson, anoraak, diiv, jack white, johnny cash
@dianekratz we still suggest closing your account. do you want to remain with a company who treats their customers this way?
@jabtiger50 we're pretty upset about it too. we found out today just like you did.
@jacobfineis i wouldn't bet on that, jacob. bancorp is still in business, perkstreet is not. don't let them point fingers.
@rafa1781 we do not recommend a replacement, but you should close your account and move your money asap.
@tricycletreats we are not recommending a replacement, but you should close your account and move your money asap.
@bluemarsh yeah, it's really sad. we found out today just like you. close your account and move your money asap.
@ryjobleu we are not recommending a replacement, but we're suggesting you close your accounts and move money asap.
@chris_baker we were blindsided today and found out at the same time you did. sad they made these decisions. close your account asap.
@allthejenkins we are not recommending a replacement, but we suggest you close your account and move your money asap.
@chrisrouse we stopped endorsing them a while ago, that link is an error. it will be removed asap.
@trevoracy we stopped endorsing a while back. sad that they did this. we found out today just like you.
@adamwx21 we are not recommending an alternative. you should close your account and move the money out asap.
@chrislblair we are not recommending a replacement. close your account and move the money out asap.
@evancourtney we are not recommending an alternative, but we do suggest you close your account and move the money asap.
@rickkimmick we are not recommending a replacement, but you should close your account and move your money asap.
@kristynews we found out about it today just like you did. sad that it happened this way. close your account asap.
@wizardprang we are not recommending a replacement, but we do think you should close your account and move money asap.
@krystal_wright we're upset too. we found out today like everyone else. sad it happened this way. close your account asap.
@trevorjohnson08 we are not suggesting a replacement at this time. close your account and move money asap.
@pwoeckener sorry phillip. we just found out today like everyone else. we had pulled our recommendation recently.
@dustinetheridge you're right dustin, we just found out today like everyone else.
@mrvy33 they are closing. we just found out today. close your account immediately if you have one.
@ellenmccormick we found out about their closure today like everyone else. sad they decided to treat their customers this way.
@bwsmcarr07 we found out today like everyone else. no recommendations for a replacement.
@aar831 dave just talked about it. short story: we found out today too, it's really sad. close your account today!
@allthejenkins we recommend closing your account and moving your money immediately.
@djenulis david, i sent a response on facebook in case you missed it.
@nmhogan glad you noticed, james is awesome with those bumps. (perkstreet wasn't exactly "smooth" though.)
@christianamayer thanks, christiana. that means a lot.
@brandonmkeller yep, we're pretty mad about it!
@jmachats catch repeats 24/7 at
@broseph55 no other suggestions right now.
@tracymazelin we'll get the clip soon and post it for everyone to hear.
thanks for joining us for the legacy theme hour! two more hours coming up. for more on the legacy journey:
chad and kelli from mi paid off a whopping $610k and are now changing their entire family tree. this is a legacy.
78% of americans die w/o a will. it doesn't have to be that way. a free basic will is included in the legacy journey:
melinda from oh read dave's book when she was a kid, and went to college debt-free. that's what a legacy is about.
the legacy journey is all about teaching you to live and leave a legacy. that's what we're talking about this hour.
the first hour of the show is dedicated to the idea of legacy  the mark you leave on your family and the world. watch:
believe it or not, facebook can be one of your greatest enemies to getting out of debt. why? statuses like these:
@jeffjgt150 are you using the website or the app?
the most important decision about your goals is not what you're willing to do to achieve them... #davedaily
@bensahlstrom the web version was designed for smartphones and tablets and it works great on android.
@bclgatorsteeler the web version works great on android. it was built with all smartphones and tablets in mind.
@landonmchapman thanks, landon! that means a lot to us.
we're still replaying all last week's shows on streaming video this weekend, 100% free! watch right now:
just finished airing the replay of tuesday's show, wednesday is up next for 3 hours. we're looping all weekend long.
if you've missed any of the show on live video this week, replays of the week's shows start now. watch 24/7 at
thanks for watching or listening today! if you missed any part of the show, catch repeats 24/7 at
total debt paid off by callers on the show this week: $1,125,000! year to date: $24,000,000! wow!
#tdrsmusic 8/9: the police, jimmy eat world, aimee mann, u2, pat benetar, paramore, poor old lu, eagles, david gray.
the total money makeover is dave's best-selling guide to overhauling your finances and getting your budget in order.
christina hasn't managed money and her husband has lost trust in her. dave helps her after this break (2 mins):
sarah from ky owes her dad $90k. ouch! ever been in debt to a friend or relative?
another awesome hour of the dave ramsey show coming up! watch the live video stream here:
@jaymartinez good question, jay. i'll pass it along to dave and he might answer it the show.
dave is on the air now with scott in nyc, who is a debt collector. you won't want to miss this! watch live:
dave just worked through a marriage and money problem with tim and jamie right in our lobby. this live show is fun!
managing your money successfully can be like walking through a minefield. avoid these 5 money traps:
@dgoldak thanks, daniel! that means a lot.
next hour of the show starting now! you can watch or listen live at
awesome barefoot waterskiing video that dave just mentioned on the show:
all three hours of the dave ramsey show on streaming video, and replays 24/7... it's free!
@hokie_lisa it's hiding behind the on-screen graphics right now!
@jeffbrauer the rss link for the free podcast is here:
@jeffbrauer we do have a one-hour free podcast and the full three hours are available with subscription to
if you need personal, one-on-one help with your budget or debt, dave's qualified financial coaches can help:
vision that has no foundation in values is merely a dream, and you will wake up disappointed. #davedaily
@andyg1008 not the video shows, but there are podcasts of the radio show available.
thanks for watching today! if you missed anything, catch the replay until we begin the show tomorrow at 2 pm eastern:
i had fun with all the rain song suggestions - thanks for playing everyone! #tdrsmusic
#tdrsmusic "rain" bumps: blind melon, toto, ccr, garbage, the jayhawks, led zepplin, eric clapton, mat kearney...
starting a small business is awesome, but you don't have to (and shouldn't) quit your day job without a plan.
heath from oh is wondering when to start a small business. dave says now using @entreleadership principles:
don't forget, this is your show about your stories. call now to ask dave a question: (888) 825-5225
@2grega we're working on it! we're still on "baby step 1" with this project.
@djaxlelectro if you have a smartphone you can listen to the audio stream online!
the dave ramsey show on video starts live in just a few minutes. tune in now:
if you live like no one else, later you can... barefoot waterski like no one else? dave and son daniel on the lake:
@hightowerc thanks again for the feedback and conversation. we've heard from many android users who feel the same. we're looking into it.
@bigorangebilly the web version should work great on most android phones. you can see it here:
@hightowerc thanks for the feedback. no firm plans for a native android app right now, but we're still in "baby step 1" with this project.
@hightowerc what would you like to see in a native android app that the web version doesn't have?
@sjmartin007 not yet, but we're working on improving the show every single day!
@clintlamberth sure, just fill out this form to make sure you're coming on a day when dave will be in the studio:
@chrisburgwald yep, it's here:
@hightowerc have you tried the web version? it works great on android.
our culture has started to believe that more stuff will make us happy... #davedaily
thanks for tuning in to the live show today! join us again tomorrow at 2 pm eastern, or watch replays and clips 24/7 at
#tdrsmusic for 8/7: the doobie brothers, iron and wine, the national, hole, eagles, u2, band of horses, andy davis...
@velcro_wallet we offer all three hours of the show commercial-free via a subscription podcast at
we're so glad everyone is enjoying the new video version of the show! the cool thing? we're doing this every day!
if you have a question for dave, call in now! our number is (888) 825-5225
@geo_hiker we are on "baby step 1" with this project, so are doing what makes sense for our audience today. web version is great, try it!
live from financial peace plaza, it's the dave ramsey show... on video!
@geo_hiker the web version was made with tablets and smartphones in mind and works great on android:
@ldsmith104 send details about your internet connection, browser, os, etc. to appsupport@daveramsey.com, that will help us.
dave's advice to andrea in ca  get creative with job hunting. great tips in dan miller's book:
dave says it's important to set boundaries in life, especially with money. read "boundaries" by dr. henry cloud:
kelly is taking your calls right now for the live show! call us now at (888) 825-5225
our second day of the live video show starts in about 30 minutes! watch or listen here:
when bad things happen, resist the urge to blame others. #davedaily
thanks for watching our first live video show! if you missed it, catch our repeats 24/7 and clips until tomorrow:
dave's talked to three callers today about money issues with future spouses. engaged couples: talk about money now before it's too late!
#tdrsmusic for 8/6: donna summer, daft punk, jimmy eat world, tears for fears, the strokes, spoon, beck, arcade fire.
@spidean can you send as many details as possible to appsupport@daveramsey.com ? they will be happy to help you out.
today you get to see the dave ramsey show in a whole new way, and you're about to see why it matters. tune in now:
@curtis8ca connection type, location, specific os version, browser, and any other details that could help us track down the issue.
@curtis8ca we're still looking into it, curtis. can you send details about your phone and situation to appsupport@daveramsey.com ?
@andreapearson2 if you haven't already, contact appsupport@daveramsey.com (even for the web version) and they'll help you out.
if you're watching the video stream and like what you see, you can help us out by spreading the word!
@rsnlvr600 if you switch to audio, the sound should continue in the background even if you lock the phone.
two hours down, one to go! we're live with the all-new video version of the dave ramsey show! watch:
@djbenmiller @daveramsey ah man, thanks ben! maybe one day.. -@jameschilds
@iorder66 jj is busy with star wars (we hope), but our producer's name does start with a j...
@stephenpelfrey send an email with details to appsupport@daveramsey.com and they'll be happy to help!
our team has worked like crazy for months to make this video channel happen. learn more about the show and team here:
the first hour of the new live video show is in the books! two more hours today, keep watching:
@cteague the web version should work great on most android devices and other smartphones. it's right here:
matt and amanda paid off $43k in 19 months! they're doing the debt-free scream on the show. visit us and do the same:
@parmerbrian send an email to appsupport@daveramsey.com with details and they'll be happy to help you out.
don't forget, dave answers some questions from twitter and facebook during the show. send them in!
@baugham1 yep, you nailed it! that's required reading for new team members here.
@angiemeeker can you contact appsupport@daveramsey.com ? they will be happy to help you.
if you have an iphone or ipad, you can download the brand-new app to watch the streaming video 24/7 here:
@matthowden i'll report it to our support team. we'll get back to you.
it's finally here  the dave ramsey show is live right now on streaming video. watch it here:
@cubsfanatic63 no app right now, but the web version should work great on most android devices and other smartphones:
@benwaynet the web version should work great on most android devices and other smartphones. find it here:
@curtis8ca we've forwarded your message to the support team. they're looking into it.
@pscherry78 the web version works great on android and other smartphones.
@jsebeny there is an awesome web version that works great on android or any smartphone. link will be up soon, we will tweet it.
embrace the pain of change by adjusting your behavior... #davedaily
@craig_mcdade no plans right now, maybe in the future. for now, you can stream from an iphone or ipad to any airplay-compatible device.
@seth2fit "the dave ramsey show 24/7". just search for "dave ramsey" on the app store. we're the first result.
@duboise78 there's a web version that works awesome on android. it goes live later today and we will tweet the link.
@jdhonse we have a brand new iphone and ipad app in the app store. just search "dave ramsey" and we're the first result.
@jaysteeley no subscription needed. the new app is 100% free.
@robelmer no android app, but the web version is really slick on any smartphone. link will be live later today and we will tweet it.
@jagdan2 no app in the google play store, but there's a web version that's awesome on android. link will be live later today.
@grecoisu make sure your volume is up and your phone is not muted.
@xsiner just search the app store for "dave ramsey". we are the first result.
for android, windows phone, blackberry, or other smartphones, there's a web version with a slick app-like experience. we'll tweet that too!
everyone looking for the iphone and ipad app that dave mentioned on the show today  it will be out tomorrow! we'll tweet the link then.
@thegreatelaine our new app is not out yet. it will be tomorrow morning.
#tdrsmusic for 8/5: ra ra riot, the wallflowers, cake, brooke fraser, telekenesis, cary brothers, the cure, dawes...
@realserendipity daveonair@daveramsey.com
dave and amanda from dallas more than doubled their income while paying off $79k over 3 years. now they're debt-free!
a very common theme on the show  when people get gazelle intense about paying off debt, they see huge increases in their income.
@dsmann4832003 new app coming tomorrow!
listen live right now at
dave rant incoming in 3... 2... 1...
for parents trying to teach your teens about the dangers of debt, this should help:
student loans in america are getting outrageous! several callers on the show today with $100k+ in college debt.
you guys seem to enjoy twitter trivia, so we'll keep doing it from time to time. keep your eyes on this feed for more!
that's it! (it's gerry, but we'll still accept the answer.) look for a message from us soon, curt. rt @curtgok: baker street, jerry raffety
today's twitter trivia coming up in less than 5 minutes! be the first one to answer correctly and get 3 months of
tomorrow is the big day for the dave ramsey show on streaming video. stay tuned for more details.
you can't get out of debt while keeping the same lifestyle that got you there. #davedaily
@kat1258i831 very cool! thanks for being a member.
we'll do more twitter trivia tomorrow. stay tuned!
that was quick! james childs is the correct answer. look for a message from us soon, kat. rt @kat1258i831: james childs
want to win 3 months of
the dave ramsey show is coming to streaming video in just 2 days. find out more at
5 habits to pick up to pave your way to a wealth-building life:
bingo! we'll be in touch with your mytmmo voucher code, gregg. rt @vonderhaargregg: hp 12c a classic
hint: it's an old standby of financial pros.
many of you guessed it: the calculator. can you name the brand and model? first correct answer gets free 3 months of mytmmo membership.
top 5 reasons not to do debt consolidation:
should you buy a fixer-upper home?
for the all-new dave ramsey show, we're ramping up instagram with more behind-the-scenes photos. dave's new studio:
@laurenlanc7 thanks lauren! @madidiaz is awesome. -james
@optionvoyeur @joecaruso1 thanks guys - i appreciate it. i have a lot of fun with it! check out our spotify playlists at #tdrsmusic -james
common expenses for august that you'll want to budget for:
3 things you're still doing wrong with your retirement:
solid instruction about handling money in the hands of good people makes all the difference. #davedaily
another behind-the-scenes look at our upcoming video version of the dave ramsey show. we're just 5 days away!
multiple calls today taught an important lesson  if you're self-employed, taxes can mess you up. dave's advice:
5 days to go.
many of you asked about the cost to watch the dave ramsey show on video. we think you'll like the answer: free!
we're just 6 days away from the new dave ramsey show. follow us on instagram for behind-the-scenes photos:
#tdrsmusic for 7/31: pixies, pink floyd, the police, ryan adams, m83, lissie, snow patrol, don henley, leagues...
looking forward to watching the dave ramsey show next week? you'll probably want to subscribe to us on youtube:
you've seen the sneak peeks, now see what we've been working on. this is the all-new dave ramsey show:
401(k)s and roth iras shelter your investments from taxes. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic for 7/30: alt-j, modest mouse, travis, death cab for cutie, the shins, the goo goo dolls, phosphorescent.
if you have too much debt, create more income or sell some stuff. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic for 7/29: wilco, electric youth, the xx, jimi hendrix, foster the people, hole, pearl jam, rolling stones.
you don't have to fight a collection bully alone. if you or someone you know is being harassed, we can help:
trim down your cell phone bill with these simple tips:
envy and jealousy are poison. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic for 7/25: atlas genius, needtobreathe, the academy is, boston, the strokes, ryan adams, givers, daft punk.
when you borrow money to do business, you add a huge level of risk. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic for 7/24: wolfmother, travis, iron and wine, steely dan, cake, van halen, coldplay, paramore, wallflowers...
dumping debt? destroy your credit cards in a creative way and then send us the video! instructions here:
big changes are coming to the dave ramsey show, but we'll always be about changing family trees. video:
don't put money into anything you don't understand. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic for 7/23: phosphorescent, college, yes, the xx, fleetwood mac, the black keys, u2, the decemberists, m83.
kick excuses to the curb! get fit and healthy on a budget:
true leadership is servanthood. put the interests of others at the center of your decisions. #davedaily
for a limited time, get 10 copies of the total money makeover for just $60. great gifts for any friend or relative!
a new way to save more for retirement, brought to you by... the irs?
what kind of shopper are you?
when it comes to kids, set the rules and stick to them. let your yes be yes and your no be no. #davedaily
amount of debt paid off by debt free callers this week = $1,427,500.  year to date by those who got on the show = $21,179,000.
caller on w/ dave says she can't sell her house because it's haunted.  that's a first for us!
20 things the rich do every day
how to find your strengths:
marriage is a partnership, even when it comes to money. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic for 7/18: electric guest, the cure, red hot chili peppers, modest mouse, jack white, band of horses...
@jaymartinez must have just been a temporary hiccup. thanks for keeping an eye out for us, though!
@houstonbombera we have been posting them everyday at
@jaymartinez can you send us the link you are getting the error message on?
debt consolidation makes you believe you've fixed the problem, but the debt is still there... #davedaily
#tdrsmusic for 7/17: pixies, pat benetar, augustana, pond, pearl jam, shovels and rope, foster the people, coldplay...
the best money-management tips for singles:
dave's brand-new class the legacy journey is available for 20% off for a limited time. join now!
the dave ramsey show is about to make a difference in more lives and in brand new ways. see what we're doing:
the best way to get out of debt is to get mad at the problem and attack it with a vengeance. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic for 7/16: wild cub, leagues, the o'jays, the black crowes, college, lovedrug, third eye blind...
@coach_rojas @lovedrugmusic love that record! -james
thanks for joining us for the wealth theme hour. if you want more from dave about wealth and building a legacy:
jim in tx: pro athletes make millions, i served my country and got almost nothing. 

is it unfair? what do you think?
still taking your calls about wealth. is it good? is it evil? talk to @daveramsey now: 1 (888) 825-5225
christine in tx thinks celebs who waste money and spend extravagantly get a free pass, but those of faith are unfairly attacked. thoughts?
jason from tn says wealthy celebrities are bad examples. @daveramsey says they aren't representative of reality. what do you think?
no matter which side you're on, we want to hear from you. call now: 1 (888) 825-5225
we're talking about views of wealth in today's society. listen on am, fm, or online:
learn how to live and leave a legacy with the legacy journey:
living on less than you make is a matter of controlling yourself, not a matter of math. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic for 7/15: jimmy eat world, alt-j, daft punk, the police, cake, m83, michael jackson, mutemath, rush, haim.
3 mistakes home sellers make:
some believe that wealth is evil and/or everyones wealth should be equal. tweet us your thoughts.
private schools have some advantages, but if you can't pay cash, it's not worth it. #davedaily
don't spend money on coverage you don't need. dump these insurance gimmicks:
total debt paid by debt free callers on the show this week = $2,252,500. year to date = $19,751,500.
#tdrsmusic for 7/12: marvin gaye, boston, the strokes, andy davis, sheryl crow, radiohead, fleetwood mac, diiv, jjamz
are you a fan of dave on facebook? you should be! we have new content and exclusive deals every single day:
if your budget is tight, don't spend money on things you could easily do yourself? #davedaily
#tdrsmusic for 7/11: the national, the killers, shovels and rope, the rolling stones, echo and the bunnymen, jjamz, m83..
can you retire 10 years early?
5 tips for planning a last-minute vacation:
get your kids involved with handling money at an early age so they can be successful on their own later. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic for 7/10: travis, alabama shakes, foo fighters, matt wertz, wolfmother, tonic, diiv, spoon, the xx...
@iammelody haha, thanks melody! glad somebody appreciated that. -james (new producer for the show)
@tresthelove thanks heidi! -james
your stories of hope are what keep us going every day. those stories are about to get even better. see what's next:
having a plan with money doesn't just help you right now... #davedaily
#tdrsmusic for 7/9: beach house, eagles, johnny cash, depeche mode, keane, radiohead, daft punk, yes, drew holcomb...
are you following dave on @instagram and @pinterest? we post new stuff there every day!
if you win with money, it doesn't mean someone else has to lose. you can create value where none existed. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic for 7/8: u2, incubus, wilco, leagues, fleetwood mac, haim, the raconteurs, mutemath, tom petty, zero 7...
going into debt usually isn't caused by a lack of money, it's caused by a lack of vision. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic for 7/5: pearl jam, pixies, silversun pickups, jeff beck, widespread panic, death cab for cutie, tobymac.
dave's 3 retirement investing tips:
to all our fans, have a great independence day!
#tdrsmusic for 7/3: brett dennen, coldplay, foo fighters, the temper trap, queens of the stone age, the connells, mew
3 mistakes that will ruin your home-buying experience:
over the years, radio has evolved, and so have we. prepare for the next big thing:
need to escape an average job and head for something awesome? @jonacuff has you covered. check out his blog for more:
everyone wants to be successful in their job and make money, but personal happiness is just as important. #davedaily
don't blow your budget in july! make sure to plan for these expenses:
would you believe it's possible to save $500 quickly without cutting your budget? you might be surprised.
#tdrsmusic for 7/1: the antlers, pearl jam, the smiths, the black keys, jeff beck, grizzly bear, xx, mat kearney, u2.
teach your kids money habits now that will help them win later in life. #davedaily
get 5 free lessons from @entreleadership this week thanks to our friends at @noisetrade! download here:
nothing happens without focus. don't try to do everything at once. take it one step at a time. #davedaily
don't miss #catalyst atl w/@jonacuff @rachelcruze and more. register today!
#tdrsmusic for 6/28: the gaslight anthem, rolling stones, jimi hendrix, the apache relay, the allman brothers, r.e.m.
whats next for the dave ramsey show? find out at
if you need to sell an upside-down car, there are better ways than letting someone take over payments:
getting someone else to take over your payments is never a good idea, especially if it's a stranger. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic for 6/27: simon and garfunkel, no doubt, my morning jacket, the la's, aerosmith, imagine dragons, boston
right now, get the total money makeover or entreleadership mp3 downloads for just $5 each in our huge audiobook sale!
want more info on refinancing? we've got it:
in general, a home refinance is worth it if you can lower your rate by at least 2%. #davedaily
which comes first: saving for retirement or paying off your debt?
we revamped the entire studio to prepare for something really cool. check out the video timelapse:
surround yourself with people who add the fuel of advice and encouragement to your fire. #davedaily
four little things that can save you big money on gas:
starting a small business on credit is a bad idea. great businesses grow slowly with cash. #davedaily
create opportunities for a fun summer with these money saving tips:
were always looking for ways to make the dave ramsey show better. big changes coming soon
4 ways home sellers can stand out:
75% of americans don't have enough savings to cover their bills for six months. (bankrate)
#tdrsmusic #summer playlist for 6/21: bryan adams, aerosmith, pinback, don henley, donna summer, fountains of wayne..
total debt paid off by debt free callers this week = $1,479,000. june 2013 = $4,280,000.  ytd = $17,499,000.
three essential tools for getting great real estate deals:
the world will try to tell you that you need stuff to be somebody. don't listen. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic for 6/20: tears for fears, the shins, beastie boys, u2, fiona apple, ram jam, spoon, the national, travis.
"debt sucks." ~dave ramsey
join our free @entreleadership defined web seminar, starting in just one hour. register here:
3 signs you need a new investing advisor:
bankruptcy may seem like an easy way out of a bad situation, but it can't fix behavior problems. #davedaily
the steps you take right now can fuel the legacies of future generations. learn more about #legacyjourney:
3 ways to make this your best summer ever:
weve made a lot of memories on the dave ramsey show. were about to make a whole lot more.
#tdrsmusic for 6/18 features new releases by austra, the mowgli's, and hanson. plus r.e.m., wolfmother, usher, caleb.. 
cant wait to hear whats next from the dave ramsey show? sign up to receive updates:
why smart homebuyers hire home inspectors:
#tdrsmusic for 6/17: foster the people, sara bareilles, pinback, foo fighters, sheryl crow, david gray, madi diaz...
a guide to vacation on the baby steps:
great article from @entreleadership  6 ways to build a company that cares:
rt @erikmichael: @ramseyshow @daveramsey i sorta hope #davehd means he'll be sitting at my kitchen table.
two tricks to sell an unsellable house:
#tdrsmusic for 6/14: weezer, david bowie, hole, blondie, hall and oates, tears for fears, blink-182, chromatics, dawes:
entreleaders share lessons they've learned from their dads:
our very own @rachelcruze reflects on father's day:
stick with your investments long-term and you will win. #davedaily
most mortgage options should be avoided. here are the ones you need to look for:
get on the road to awesome with @jonacuff's new book start, now a new york times bestseller:
don't be your kids' emergency fund, no matter how well-meaning or how great your relationship is. #davedaily
get your confidence back. lose the guilt and worry. sign up for our free guide to budgeting:
how and when to switch real estate agents:
every person falls down at some point. successful people choose to get back up. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic for 6/11 features today's new releases by young summer, jimmy eat world, and goo goo dolls... 
3 actions every high school graduate should take:
starting this summer, see the dave ramsey show in a whole new way.
you can't force someone to behave. the only person you can control is you. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic 6/10: u2, the postal service, chromatics, fleetwood mac, beach house, jack white, dan croll, travis and more
our director of guest relations @marthas_place has some awesome summer milkshake recipes to share!
no one is born a leader. #davedaily
#tdrsmusic for 6/7: poor old lu, the cure, steely dan, lady antebellum, ryan adams, lorde, tegan and sara, alt-j
total debt paid off by debt free callers this week = $1,245,000. ytd = $14,464,000.
shake off your retirement blues!
9 leadership lessons from classic novels:
@b_gibbsx thanks brian - loving the new daft punk. -james
#tdrsmusic for 6/6: ra ra riot, jimi hendrix, the xx, atlas genius, twin sister, college, iron and wine, pond, and more:
the key ingredient in small business is you. you are the energy, dreams, and passions. #davedaily
leaders are readers. these four books will teach you how to lead in life and business:
"will you be my bridesmaid?" questions to consider before answering hers:
spotify users: follow us on @spotify to keep up with the daily #tdrsmusic playlists and hear what we've been playing:
youtube star @shaycarl came to nashville to interview @daveramsey for his documentary. watch here:
today's #tdrsmusic: new tracks by phoenix, vampire weekend, paramore and classics by zeppelin, the police, the beatles
did you miss dave's discussion with brian stoffel from the motley fool yesterday? we have the clip right here:
why your investments aren't living up to their potential:
#tdrsmusic for 6/4 includes sufjan stevens, explosions in the sky, daft punk, wild cub, dawes... listen on @spotify:
looking for a deal? here are the things you can get cheaper in june:
@andrewmeyers check back later, we are.
@ronlieber @daveramsey would love to give you the opportunity to discuss your tweet "memo to dave ramsey".  sure you can't come on too?
@bmonroy84
download dave's free homebuyer guide today and learn how to buy a home the smart way:
@behaviorgap just emailed you.
@behaviorgap @daveramsey would like to invite you on the air tomorrow to discuss the 12% on investments issue via the phone.  you in?
have a question for dave? tweet it at us and it could get chosen to be answered on-air!
cash can be an important tool in bargaining. #davedaily
show music for 6/3 includes wilco, escondido, u2, etc. @spotify playlist: 
@becomingcliche that's his normal day to day.
welcome james childs as the new producer of the dave ramsey show! (blake will be moving to executive producer) 
6 ways to go broke on vacation:
3 ways a real estate deal can go wrong:
in-state tuition is a great way to save on college. #davedaily
having a solid retirement plan can more than double your savings. here's how to create your plan:
an independent insurance agent could save you $1,300 a year. here's how:
only a few more hours left in dave's $10 sale! books, cds, dvds... it's all here:
leaving one job for another is okay, but don't quit your job without a plan. #davedaily
looking for a great app to help you with couponing? we have you covered:
this is the last day for dave's $10 sale! lots of great products for $10 each:
don't make important, long-range financial decisions when your emotions are out of whack. #davedaily
how much car insurance do you really need?
you don't have to use credit cards to have a credit history. #davedaily
young people  learn how to take advantage of your extra time to build wealth:
"too late" shouldn't even be in your vocabulary when it comes to saving for retirement. never give up:
if you get laid off with a severance, set that money aside as an emergency fund while you look for a job. #davedaily
today we honor our past and present servicemembers. thank you for making our country great!
@marthas_place rt @kel32775: @ramseyshow what is marthas twitter handle?  #livelikenooneelse
the open house may be in danger of outliving its usefulness. here's how to keep up with current trends:
in marriage, each person should have a little pocket money. it's healthy. #davedaily
there are five big ways your retirement savings could be ruined. they all start with you:
dave responds to the success of @jonacuff's latest book, start:
do your research when making large purchases. #davedaily
for a limited time, financial peace university is only $89. change your family tree!
you may know "what to expect when you're expecting", but do you know what to expect financially?
today is the last day to enter for your chance to win $10,000 in the real estate rally giveaway. entry form here:
rich isn't an amount of money, it's a mindset about how you live. if you believe you can win, you can. #davedaily
there are six more chances to win in our real estate rally giveaway, including the huge $10,000 prize! enter here:
blake: @craiggroeschel is live from oklahoma giving us an update on the deadly tornado.
live update from craig in okc today /rt @craiggroeschel: impossible to describe the damage. pray for those impacted.
you need homeowners insurance. the only question is what kind and how much. answers here:
11 of the most astounding fan stories about the cost of college:
don't give money to people who won't behave properly with it. you'll just enable bad behavior. #davedaily
don't forget about our real estate rally giveaway! you could win up to $10,000. enter here:
interest on credit cards is not the real problem, the lack of budget is. #davedaily
a bad home appraisal is no reason to panic. here's how to deal with it:
feeling lost? take a dream and convert it into small goals... #davedaily
"boomerang kids" are becoming more and more common. how do you deal with them?
you have to teach kids by example, not just with words. they can smell a hypocrite from a mile away. #davedaily
woohoo! we're really excited about the launch of #legacyjourney. this could truly change our nation. all info is at
now that we've unleashed #legacyjourney, @daveramsey is taking your questions about it. ask him anything!
our #legacyjourney web event is starting right now! if you're an fpu fan or leader, you won't want to miss this:
#legacyjourney is about handling wealth, building a legacy, and being generous. learn more at our web event tonight:
if fpu is about waking up, then #legacyjourney is about growing up. hear more at our live web event tonight:
what's next after fpu? how do you leave a legacy? we have something exciting to show you tonight:
blake: @daveramsey doing a live @entreleadership master series remote from nashville. 
blake:  we're taking small business and/or leadership questions as priority on the phones today! 1-888-825-5225 (2-5p est)
blake: today is a special live remote from the nashville @entreleadership master series event! taking small biz and leadership ?'s today!
don't forget about dave's real estate rally giveaway! there are still several more chances to win up to $10,000.
still trying to find the courage to pursue your dream? @jonacuff and @daveramsey talk about how to do it:
every month is different, so a new budget should be prepared before each month begins. #davedaily
putting more into saving or investing is about your personal level of peace. neither one is wrong. #davedaily
thinking about buying a fixer-upper home? here are a few reasons you might want to think again:
check out another great recipe from @marthas_place, the kentucky derby chocolate pecan pie!
investing is important, but get debt-free first. that's what frees up your income so you can win. #davedaily
your kids need to know how to handle money before they leave for college. there's no longer an excuse.
have you heard? it's official, @jonacuff's start book hit the nyt bestseller list! find out what it's all about at:
cds are not a good saving or investment tool. #davedaily
should you delay saving for retirement to pay for your child's tuition? dave's answer:
banks are not trying to help you by offering credit. they are selling a product. #davedaily
if you're looking for a shortcut to build wealth, you have the wrong spirit. #davedaily
97 month car loans? really? when did we stop asking "how much?" and start asking "how much a month?"
raising your income quickly usually means a part-time job. you have to be willing to sacrifice to win. #davedaily
blake: at my bro @jonacuff's start book signing at bandn in cool springs!  greater nashville...come on out!
bargaining is the best way to get deals on large purchases. everything is negotiable in some way. #davedaily
there are many external threats to your retirement security, but the 3 biggest are under your control:
have a dream, but afraid to go after it? punch fear in the face with @jonacuff's new book start.
never invest using borrowed money. even if a deal seems great, there are no sure things. #davedaily
blake: total debt paid off this week by debt free callers =$806,000. year to date = $10,522,000.
a stay-at-home parent adds economic value to the household, so they need life insurance too. #davedaily
rt @marthas_place: donny and stephanie drove from nc to shout freedom on the @ramseyshow! $200k/35 months!
wealthy people have simple investments. they do not overstep the bounds of what they understand. #davedaily
spokane, tulsa, greenville, nyc: listen live now for your cue to get event tickets in your city for just $20!
blake: open phone lines!  1-888-825-5225 #rare
salesmen don't want you to think about how much, just how much down and how much a month. #davedaily
@roykk the dates from a few of the clips we played of dave saying "don't do it", gold was up. #consistent
blake: what does dave think about gold?  tune in now!
money doesn't have morals. it doesn't make decisions. it's not good or bad until we touch it. #davedaily
@adkinsdebtdiet nice!  thanks for listening!
blake: total debt paid off this week by debt free callers = $733,000.  year to date = $9,716,000
chasing a dream? @jonacuff explains how to start:
you've probably seen "extreme couponers" on tv. is it worth your time?
be proud of what you do. if you aren't, then change something! #davedaily
@danpetrie nice!
more and more "boomerang kids" are moving back in with their parents. parents' response? this:
it's never too late to turn things around.  you are the only obstacle. #davedaily
unless your income is working for you, you'll never win with money. #davedaily
blake: we're doing a @entreleadership hr! call now w/ your small biz and leadership ?'s and get priority on the phones. 1-888-825-5225
blake: we're doing a @entreleadership hr. today! call us w/ your small biz and leadership ?'s between 2-3p ct! 1-888-825-5225
blake: we're doing a @entreleadership hr. today!  call us w/ your small biz and leadership ?'s between 2-3p ct! 1-888-825-5225
disability insurance is vital, but most people are underinsured in this area. #davedaily
being willing to delay pleasure for a greater result is a sign of maturity. #davedaily
blake: @kencoleman is live w/ @daveramsey talking about his new book one question.  only $12 today here:
blake: @kencoleman will be on the show at 3:35p et/2:35p ct discussing his new book one question.
sacrifice means spending less time on entertainment and more time on improving your life and family. #davedaily
blake: congress just ordered a large shipment of tmmo books and fpu kits! obama is requiring each member to work the baby steps. #aprilfools
the lottery is a tax on the poor and people who can't do math. #davedaily
you are not entitled to anything until you save and pay for it. #davedaily
happy birthday to our very own martha @marthas_place! enjoy some of your great cookies and cakes!  you deserve it!
@justinhancock yes
the first step to taking control of your money is to stop borrowing. #davedaily
if you need a financial advisor or counselor, look for someone with the heart of a teacher. #davedaily
in just a month, @jonacuff's new book start will be released! pre-order to get over $250 worth of bonuses:
ignore the haters. stand up for what's right. #davedaily
thought it was impossible to pay cash for your first house? this couple shows you otherwise
you won't win by hoping or dreaming. you have to get out and do something. #davedaily
first things first.
3 ways to spring clean your house and budget
if you're standing up for your beliefs, it's simply inevitable that someone will fight back. #davedaily
how to choose the right mutual funds
blake: open phones 1-888-825-5225
action always beats intention. #davedaily
ever wanted to ask dave a question? well here's you chance! reply with a question and see if it gets answered on the air.
considering a family member or close friend to help sell your home? it can be a costly choice.

big news for teachers and students starting april 1st! tons of cash and prizes sponsored by fifth third bank. stay tuned.
kelly: debt paid off by debt free callers this week = $674,000.  year to date = $5,623,500.
blake: open phones! 1-888-825-5225
blake: dow posts 1st 10-day rally since 1996; sandp closes just shy of 2007 closing high.
blake: happy 92nd birthday truett cathy! #chickfila
blake: debt free caller said that his key to becoming debt free was "outworking his situation".  love it!
@kennylea dave does not specifically endorse any multi-level or network marketing organizations.
for every hour of tv you watch per week, you spend an extra $200 a year. #davedaily
did you miss dave's talk about investing and the dow on monday? listen to the audio here:
a biweekly mortgage payment could cut 8 years off your 30-year mortgage. here's how to set one up:
there's no quick path to victory. the tortoise always beats the hare.
with the right knowledge, you can walk your way out of debt. #davedaily
open phones! 1-888-825-5225
you can avoid buyer's remorse by sleeping on big money decisions. #davedaily
always pay your necessities first. don't pay anyone until your family is taken care of. #davedaily
you cannot out-earn your stupidity. you must make a change in your life. #davedaily
need to sell an upside-down car? it can be a confusing process, but we'll help you navigate it:
don't be intimidated by debt collectors. they are nothing more than trained salespeople. #davedaily
poor is a state of mind. broke is a place you're just passing through. #davedaily
total debt paid off by callers this week = $421,500.  ytd =  $4,617,000.
@dougareed
blake: let's do this!  another great show about to start.  time to drop everything and tune in!
to develop power over purchase, carefully consider your buying motives. #davedaily
don't medicate dysfunction with spending. no amount of stuff will get rid of guilt. #davedaily
"broke people giving financial advice is like a shop teacher with missing fingers." @daveramsey
tune in! special guest @craiggroeschel is talking about his new book "altar ego". only $10 today!
don't miss cat dallas w/ @daveramsey @andystanley @craiggroeschel and more. register 2day and save!
@onkswoodwind
don't buy things you can't afford with money you don't have to impress people you don't like. #davedaily
blake: the average price of a new car in 2012 was $30,550. that equates to a monthly payment of approximately $601. ouch! (bankrate)
"don't take advice from broke people." @daveramsey
when giving a gift of money, understand the difference between needs and wants. don't enable someone else's bad behavior.
if someone you care about really needs money and you are in a good financial position, just give it to them and don't expect it back.
you may not be on the red carpet, but at least you can #actyourwage !
doing a budget means learning an ancient and powerful word: no. #davedaily
you know what you can do when you don't have any payments? anything you want. #davedaily
if you owe someone money, get on a plan and pay them. #davedaily
rt @emighcannaday:  seriously, you play the best music throughout your show! love it! //check the daily playlist @blakesbumps
@wsgarvin no...sorry. nashville predators game.
you are not helping a friend or family member by co-signing a loan. #davedaily
lara: $320,500 worth of debt paid off by debt free callers this week!  year to date = $40,565,000
debt is not a tool. the borrower is slave to the lender. #davedaily
blake: great "love and money" hour!  now open phones, you pick the topic/questions. 888-825-5225
blake: call now w/ your "love and money" ?'s and get priority on the phones! 888-825-5225 #valentinesday
blake: pickup lines for the ultimate dave ramsey fan on valentine's day
ask yourself if what you're buying is a need or a want. there is a big difference. #davedaily
being on a budget doesn't mean you have to live in a cave, collect lint, and only come out on triple coupon thursday.
blake: have a few open lines 1-888-825-5225...ready, set go! #veryrare
dave says your financial advisor should have the heart of a teacher. you need to learn about money so you can make wise decisions yourself.
the 12% number and the funds dave posted are not magical. the point is save, invest, do something! if you think you can't, then you can't.
get the expert investing advice dave talks about by finding an endorsed local provider near you:
blake: to all the 12% return naysayers, @daveramsey will open today's live show addressing all the twitter talk (1p ct/2p et)
you are entitled to a free report from each of the three credit bureaus every year. info here:
surveys show that 25% of credit reports contain serious errors. #davedaily
dave has a rule  you can buy a new car when you're a millionaire and you pay cash. loans and leases are not the way!
a new car loses 70% of its value in the first four years of ownership. #davedaily
never get behind on your house or let your lights get cut off while you pay a creditor. #davedaily
the average family who attends financial peace university pays off $5,300 in debt and saves $2,700. find a class today!
budgeting for the first time can be scary, but you must face your fear. #davedaily
blake: thanks @williebosshog for spending some time w/ us! fans, get this book! what a story! only $14.95 today
blake: tune in! @williebosshog from #duckdynasty is on live w/ @daveramsey now!
blake: look what the #duckdynasty crew sent me. don't miss willie live on the show today @ 2:35p ct
you will either tell your money what to do or the lack of it will always manage you. #davedaily
@vincepatrick15 it's there now.  thanks!
personal finance is 80% behavior and only 20% head knowledge. #davedaily
blake: any duck dynasty fans out there?! willie is on the show tomorrow @ 2:35p ct.  he's a fan of our show and we're a fan of his!
blake: have you broken up w/ someone over debt?  call us @ 1-888-825-5225 now!
money is a mirror that reflects our personal strengths and weaknesses with amazing clarity. #davedaily
blake: just a reminder...you can hear every show @iheartradio
@bubbadowling dave recommends tithing on net profit. radio call where he goes into more detail:
@justin_shank dave has a high school curriculum called foundations in personal finance.
blake: dow closes above 14,000 for 1st time since oct 2007; all 3 major indexes post gains for 5th straight week. @cnnmoney
blake: 1 in 7 middle-aged adults financially support both their parents and their grown children. (pew research) #sandwhichgeneration
put up the four walls of your home: shelter and utilities, food, clothing and transportation. #davedaily
building wealth is a marathon, not a sprint. discipline is the key ingredient. #davedaily
family finance is a great opportunity to take marriage to a better level. #davedaily
blake: @rachelcruze is live in-studio w/ @daveramsey discussing the new custom college guide!
dave's daughter @rachelcruze on the show today talking about college and money. listen live 2-5 est or find a station:
@robertbruce76 nice...send me a link when you're done!
blake: if you invest $300/month in a good growth stock mutual fund from age 25-65, you'll have enough $ for one 30 second #superbowl ad
blake: if you invest $300/month in a good growth stock mutual fund from age 25-65, you'll have enough $ for one 30 second #superbowl ad
5 simple steps to file your taxes:
when you make your money behave, it stretches and goes further. #davedaily
keep your checkbook balanced. overdrafts are a sign of poor planning. #davedaily
right now, get financial peace university for just $99 with bonus budgeting software and free shipping:
managed money works harder and gives you a sense of destiny and purpose. #davedaily
did you know that we're on pinterest? follow us there for articles, inspiration, and money-saving tips:
a couple can have strengths and weaknesses with money, but decisions must be made together. #davedaily
@haileejohnson18 you can find a station in your area using this form:
for a limited time, get @psrobertmorris' book "the blessed life" for just $14.95. get it here:
sometimes you have to tell yourself no so later you can tell yourself yes. #davedaily
beware of impulse buying based on stress, time crunches and fatigue. #davedaily
change! if you keep doing what you're doing, you'll keep getting what you're getting. #davedaily
lara: $590,000 of debt paid off this week by on-air callers!  year to date = $2,166,000
blake: dow, sandp close at 5-year highs
blake: hidden (from your spouse) target bags under the bed aren't "cute".  it just means you're a liar. @daveramsey
your goals must be specific and measurable. if your goals are too vague, they are still just dreams. #davedaily
have you heard dave talking about the new custom college guide? it's perfect if you're starting to apply!
saving must become a priority, not just a thought. pay yourself first. #davedaily
make it happen with your money this year. don't fall for these 9 ways to go broke in 2013:
we have a great deal on @megmeeker's book and new dvd study for 48 hours only! get it here:
blake: @megmeeker's "strong fathers, strong daughters" is only $10 today and the new small group dvd study only $34.95
blake: don't miss today's show!  @megmeeker and @rachelcruze are live in-studio w/ @daveramsey in the 1st hr talking fathers/daughters!
you can't get rich quick. anything that sounds too good to be true probably is. #davedaily
@nancypartin
blake: 1 in 4 workers w/ 401(k) and other retirement investments use them to pay current expenses (draining 25% of the $293 billion each yr)
pay kids commissions, not allowances. kids can do things of value and get something in return. #davedaily
check out these 3 ridiculous real-life ways the government uses your tax money:
blake: you asked for it, so here it is.  our "is wealth evil" discussion on the show last week.
75% of the richest people in america said getting out of debt is the key to building wealth. #davedaily
don't take financial advice from broke people. do what rich people are doing. #davedaily
lara: debt paid off by those who yelled "debt free" on the radio this week = $466,000 ($1,359,000 in 2013 paid so far)
blake: @rachelcruze just walked in front of the studio w/ a ladies handbag w/ @daveramsey's face on it! we get "great" gifts from our fans.
blake: great #tipping hour!  now back to "open phones" for your general questions.  1-888-825-5225
blake: let's get it going on twitter too...express your "tipping" opinion/comments w/ #tipping
blake: have a comment on "tipping"?  get priority on the phone lines right now! 1-888-825-5225
blake: the tip comments @daveramsey are blowing up!  so let's continue the conversation on air.  tune in now! #tipping
there's no such thing as a good deal on a new car. the worst car accidents happen in the showroom. #davedaily
blake: catch @daveramsey on w/ @teamcavuto live on fox news at 4:40p et/3:40p ct. topic = elimination of the payroll tax break.
blake: nashville area! @marshallramsey will be signing his new book "fried chicken and wine" at financial peace plaza 3-4p today! only $10
blake: don't miss "in-studio" guest and cousin of @daveramsey at 2:35p ct.  @marshallramsey will discuss "fried chicken and wine"
blake: should a pastor make a good salary?  should someone drive a $100k car? tune in/join the discussion now!
@gailannette 102.5 fm 1-4p ct
if you don't teach your kids character, the weight of wealth can ruin their lives. #davedaily
blake: @daveramsey and @jonacuff are coming to houston, tx live april 20th! 
@laurynlewis115 they made a last minute change!  moved the esa back to$2000 maximum!  good news!
more big news: we're now on instagram! follow for daily tips and photos from the office and on the road.
send your thoughts, comments, or questions about dave's daily tip to @ramseyshow or @daveramsey with hashtag #davedaily
don't go in debt to build up credit. the fico score is not a measure of winning financially. #davedaily
blake: check this great story from a couple who came by to scream debt free!
lots of responses to our facebook tip today about marriage and separate bank accounts. what's your take?
blake: @megmeeker will be on the show on 1/16.  fathers, email us at daveonair@daveramsey.com w/ your "dealing w/ daughters" questions!
blake: if you're not listening live...@daveramsey just officially announced...he's a fan of #downtonabbey
are you itching to know whats going to be cool in 2013? we have your answers on the new year blog:
don't set a resolution, set a goal. live intentionally with these tips from our new year blog:
blake: continue the conversation w/ @jonacuff on a live chat right after the show (5p et/4p ct)
blake: @jonacuff is live w/ @daveramsey talking #quitter only $10 today!
blake: a few open lines if you get in now!  1-888-825-5225 (this is rare!)
blake: just had our 1st debt free call of 2013.  debt free including the house!  now that's how you kick off a new year!
blake: nashville fans!  we have a new home in the greater nashville area! tune to 102.5 the game today from 1-4p ct.
join us with our make it happen new year blog! we'll show you step-by-step how to reach your financial goals:
dave's $10 sale ends today.  make 2013 the year you take control of your money! sale ends at midnight tonight.

merry christmas from the dave ramsey show crew!
lara: total debt paid off by those who got on the air this week w/ @daveramsey = $1,014,000 (2012 ytd = $ 39,935,600)
rt @blakesbumps: heavy metal "addiction" = disability benefits.  "i can't stop rocking!"
blake: congrats to norm (san fran) who just won $15,000 and almost drove off the road w/ excitement!  great call!
[video] dave's team took a half-day off to serve in our community for christmas. see how much fun we had:
have you been sharing our christmas mini-posters? find them all on the christmas blog, including today's:
join us on february 7, 2013 for @jonacuff's start night. learn how to escape average and do work that matters:
think you've seen an extravagant christmas gift? you probably haven't seen anything quite like this:
blake: the dave ramsey show...trying to help grow the "cash only lines" at the mall.
blake: this is the week we give away $15,000 live on-air! register now
blake: 25% surveyed said they will need more than 3 months to pay off this year's christmas credit card charges. (marketwatch)
@joshheyer hang tight...you're going to love what's coming in 2013
blake: @nancyalcorn w/ @mercyministries is live on-air w/ @daveramsey for our giving show!
blake: continuing our giving show this hour!  great stories/inspiration so far.
blake: tweet us about how you're #giving this year.
blake: @robbybpainter w/ @younglife and @rachelcruze are our special guests this segment during the giving show!
blake: today is the day!  our annual giving back show. your stories of blessing others.  one of the best shows of the year.
blake: tomorrow is our annual giving back show!  your stories of giving.  we'll start christmas @blakesbumps too!
blake: ...and, we're giving away $15,000 next week!  sign up every day!
blake: congrats to denise in illinois...today's $10,000 winner! (her and her husband are farmers)
want a really different christmas? our friend @megmeeker explains how on our christmas blog:
there's only one good use for credit cards this christmas. find it on dave's pinterest:
whitver academy students made this fun dave ramsey video for christmas. great job, guys!
if you miss the show no problem. you can listen 24/7 to the dave ramsey channel on @iheartradio.
lara: $964,000 of debt paid off this week by those who got on the phone w/ @daveramsey! year to date = $38,004,100
with fpu home study edition, you can watch lessons on your own or attend a class if you want! just $149 right now.
get 10 copies of the total money makeover for just $88! great as gifts for friends and family:
blake: stop the christmas debt cycle!  we get calls from people still paying off christmas 2011 credit cards!
blake: your giving stories for the 12/14 giving show are great!  keep 'em coming.  how are you giving back? email daveonair@daveramsey.com
today's deal is our new junior book "the best christmas ever" for just $10. get it here:
blake: congrats to bob from maine! today's $10k winner! his wife is going nuts in the background!
blake: it's almost time!  about to give another $10,000 away live on-air!
12 deals of christmas, day 4: our marriage and money bundle is just $44!
12 deals of christmas, day 4: our marriage and money bundle is just $44!
have you met the @ramseyshow crew yet?
director of guest relations martha thompson (@marthas_place) has a few great holiday fudge recipes for you:
blake: nearly all student loans (93% last yr) are made directly by the govt, which asks little/nothing about borrowers' ability to repay.
blake: u.s. student-loan debt rose by $42 billion in the 3rd quarter (now = $956 billion). -fed reserve
it's the small things that break the budget. see what a difference those $5 items could make:
big news for our atlanta fans... @newstalk1160 is the new home of the dave ramsey show! listen 2-5 pm every weekday on wcfo-am.
blake: big news! @daveramsey to be inducted into the nab broadcasting hall of fame in 2013!
the second day of #12deals of christmas brings us dave's starter special for just $39. get it here:
thanks to crystal of @moneysavingmom for sharing her story of christmas hope with us! read it here:
#12deals of christmas has begun! right now, get dave's all-new financial peace university for just $89 
blake: 47% of adults say they've already spent more than they can afford on christmas this yr. -oxygenmedia (it's still nov)
looking for the "perfect" christmas sweater? we have some tips, complete with visual instruction:
@ethannotestine @blakesbumps (producer) pics the tunes
we asked dave fans about christmas traditions that stand the test of time. here's what you said:
@jjudd920 just sit by the phone and wait for the call! #onedollargiveaway
blake: congrats to our 1st male winner!  chris (arkansas) just won $10,000 and is freaking out!
blake: today is the day! giving away another $10,000 live on the show! enter to win and tune in
read this powerful christmas guest post by our friend @megmeeker:
our kids and money live chat has started. click here to join:
make more room in your christmas budget by using our free downloadable gift tags:
enjoy these fun and meaningful activities on our downloadable 2012 advent calendar:
blake: a record 247 million shopped during black friday weekend (up from 226 million last yr.) avg spending = $423 (marketwatch)
blake: happy thanksgiving from the radio show team!  we're thankful for our fans.
right now, we have 50 gifts in our online store for $10 or less! see them all here:
video: thanksgiving memories from dave's team:
continuing our great guest post series, kelly from @faithfulprov shares 6 ways to celebrate a debt-free christmas:
blake: congrats to 59 yr old debbie (wyoming)!  today's $10,000 winner!
blake: time to give away $10,000!!!  tune in!
don't forget that you can ask questions by mentioning @ramseyshow! we'll send the best ones to dave to answer on the show.
blake: where else can you get a great "twinkie rant" like that?!
this christmas, junior learns contentment in our brand new kids' book, the best christmas ever:
white or colored lights? real or fake tree? what is your family's age-old christmas debate?
are you enjoying our mini-posters? share with your friends and family! today's: "the pilgrims never used credit"
jenny at @southernsavers shares some tips on how to have a frugal christmas dinner:
blake: congrats to former show guest and met's pitcher r.a. dickey on winning the cy young award!
blake: congrats to julie (alabama) today's $10k winner!  sounds like she can really use it. glad we can help!
blake: time to give away another $10,000! tune in! then go sign up for your chance to win
our christmas blog is full of awesome stuff! check it out if you haven't already:
blake: "thoroughbreds dont run with donkeys. they run with other thoroughbreds." @daveramsey
read what our fans say when asked to sign up for a credit card:
if you've heard the dave ramsey show, you've heard "better than i deserve." now share it with your friends:
7 ways to spread christmas cheer (and a few of them might surprise you):
cecilia from georgia won our first $10,000 giveaway, and the call was so great! listen here:
what will your 2013 look like? check out this christmas spending infographic to see what "normal" is:
to honor our heroes, we are offering free fpu online memberships to 2,000 honorably discharged veterans. register here:
dave is live in the studio today from 2 - 5 pm est. tune in!
the live web stream should be back up!
we're having some trouble with the browser-based stream on
7 ways to go broke this holiday season:
what are you thankful for? come leave a comment on our "give thanks" mini-poster:
.@marthas_place has a new recipe for pumpkin spice cupcakes. tasty!
come check out dave's pinterest page for debt-free stories, martha's recipes, dave quotes, and more!
blake: we thought we were going to have to call an ambulance for the $10k winner!  she was hyperventilating! perfect winner.
blake: congrats to cecelia (thomson, ga.) our first $10k winner!  much more where that came from! enter today!
blake: we're about to give $10,000 away live on air!
rt @pulpstress: @ramseyshow @blakesbumps can anyone just come and look through the glass? // details
check out our guest post from sarah at @thriftydecor about how her family paid off over $125,000 in debt:
saving money in a unique way this christmas? reply and let us know!
how can you teach your kids to be content during the holiday season?
lara: total debt paid off this week (just by those who got on air) = $706,000 (ytd = $35 million)
we're doing some awesome shareable mini-posters on our site for christmas. check out the first one:
got a smartphone? check out these 10 money-saving apps:
video: what would you do with $10,000?
don't get caught off guard by christmas and thanksgiving this year. read about 6 "gotchas" to budget for:
blake: 1 out of every 10 americans are dealing w/ debt collectors. (consumer financial protection bureau)
we're gearing up for thanksgiving and christmas! check out our new holiday blog:
trick or treat! how would you respond to these 10 money scenarios?
wondering how to take your very first steps to debt freedom? check out our getting started guide today:
how can we change the direction of our country? author @andyandrews thinks he has the answer:
@josh_logic use the contact form on our website to get in touch with our radio team and make sure dave is available:
blake: a survey of 1,100 americans found that more than 40% admit they dont have more than $500 in readily accessible savings. (cbs)
please join our special live chat from entreleadership master series in orlando, starting in just a few minutes:
blake: taking your small biz and/or leadership ?'s as priority!  live from @entreleadership in orlando! 1-888-825-5225
blake: the average student who graduated in 2011 has $26,600 in student debt. (reuters)
blake: i wonder if they have this for people who spend $ not in the budget?!
blake: rates on the avg 15-yr fixed-rate mortgage hit a new low this week, falling to 2.66%. (freddie mac)
do you really want to be paying for christmas in april? this month is a critical time for planning ahead:
blake: one-in-four (25%) of 401k participants are saving 5% or less of their annual salary. (diversified study)
don't forget, you can send your questions to dave by replying to @ramseyshow! we'll use some of the best ones on the show.
we still have a few limited edition dave ramsey show posters from hatch show print. only $10!
you can't wait on washington! here are 3 money tips to get you through the election:
got a minute? then dave has some investing tips for you. sign up for the investing minute today:
great tips from our website on making and sticking to a monthly budget:
missed our 20th anniversary party? you can buy a limited edition hatch show print for just $10. hurry, only a few left!
be aware of these hurdles that might get in your way on the path to debt freedom:
@tylervolkers 20% down, 15-year fixed rate, payment 25% or less of your income. read this article:
@mandabrooke84 new cars lose 60-70% of their value in the first 4 years. not a good plan! radio clip:
@wickedmint hey ryan! i passed your question on to dave, and if he has time, he'll answer it on the show today.
@maverickmeister hey michael, you can check out our gazelle budget lite tool online here:
in case you missed it, we premiered the new i like giving film on our site. this is what giving is all about. watch:
@nextleveldba dave likes the credit freeze as an option, but it has caveats. listen to this radio show clip:
if you want to accomplish something big, you need a plan, no matter what. see how simple plans can create millionaires:
@jaag4 we have a page all about getting started here:
@neiliocopter where are you in the process? we have an article about renting out a house here:
brand new i like giving video on our site. great story of a fan who read tmmo, what she gave, and the gift she received:
blake: caller's husband (45) killed in car wreck (5 kids left behind).  she's honoring him for having life insurance to take care of them.
@reformedphilipm dave generally prefers credit unions over large banks. here's a radio clip where he talks about it:
@mwigg086 here's a link to a radio show clip where dave talks about medical expense sharing programs:
7 scary money movies that will send shivers up your spine:
blake: 68% of 30,600 people surveyed (over two thirds) said they live paycheck to paycheck. (american payroll assoc.)
blake: "do not make decisions based on fear or bullies." @daveramsey
don't overlook the legal, financial and time requirements of renting out your home. read tips straight from an agent:
blake: "it's human nature to want it and want it now; it's also a sign of immaturity." @daveramsey
check out this video interview of dave with @shaycarl about his success and debt freedom:
@nomo4me2 our awesome video team uses a variety of tools. most editing is done with adobe premiere.
this radio clip is a few years old, but it's more relevant than ever. the government can't fix your life, only you can.
catalyst atlanta starts today! stop by the pastors lounge to get all the latest on the new financial peace university! #catalyst
blake: avg cardholder has $2,210 unpaid balance each month (avg apr of 12.75% for 174 mil cardholders) = $49 billion interest paid! (yahoo)
blake: the campus debit card trap
blake: replay: 20th anniversary show from friday
blake: miss the #tdrs20 show or just want to hear it again?!
attending catalyst atlanta this week? dont miss our own @jonacuff on the main stage thursday! #catalyst
dave is signing the limited edition @hatchshowprint posters for fans. #tdrs20
all of you out there are the reason we do this every day... thanks for sticking with us for 20 years. here's to 20 more! #tdrs20
we're going to do our best to make all three hours available on the podcast and maybe a video archive later on. #tdrs20
through everything dave and the team has done over 20 years, we never forget what its all about: hope! #tdrs20
blake: were just about to wrap up, but before that, daves friend @johnrich joins us on the phone. #tdrs20
blake: the surprises arent over yet! entrepreneur @mcuban is on with dave now! #tdrs20
blake: author and speaker @drhenrycloud is on the phone with dave. #tdrs20
blake: daves friend and talk show host @glennbeck joins us now via phone. #tdrs20
blake: @senbobcorker is on stage with dave. #tdrs20
blake: now joining us is video blogger and internet sensation @shaycarl! #tdrs20
@deb_wa thats our very own @joeleavitt!
blake: author of strong fathers strong daughters @megmeeker is live on the show right now. #tdrs20
blake: mike munchak and derek dooley called in to thank dave. go titans! go vols! #tdrs20
blake: daves daughter @rachelcruze is joining him on stage now to talk ramsey family stories. #tdrs20
blake: another hour down, but there are still a ton of surprises left. #tdrs20
blake: americas pastor @rickwarren on the phone now thanking dave for his common sense approach to money. #tdrs20
blake: archie manning and joe gibbs calling now to congratulate dave! #tdrs20
blake: these guests just keep on coming! great friend of dave, best-selling author @andyandrews on now. #tdrs20
blake: thanks to @charliedaniels for calling in! #tdrs20
blake: singer-songwriter @amygrant joins us now. wow, what a segment! #tdrs20
blake: fox news neil cavuto ( @teamcavuto ) says daves principles could help out congress! #tdrs20
blake: nashville greats @larrygatlin and t.g. sheppard are on stage telling great stories from daves past. #tdrs20
blake: barry trotz and @mikefisher1212 of the nashville predators just wished dave congrats. thanks guys! #tdrs20
blake: author and speaker @johncmaxwell on the phone wishing dave a happy 20 years on the radio. #tdrs20
blake: our friend pastor @craiggroeschel is calling to say thanks and congratulate dave on 20 years. #tdrs20
blake: dave is now joined on the phone by country legend vince gill! ( @vgcom ) #tdrs20
blake: thanks to @gstephanopoulos and @piersmorgan for calling in! #tdrs20
blake: our next special guest is chick-fil-a president and coo @dancathy #tdrs20
governor @billhaslam just declared today the official dave ramsey show day in the state of tn! #tdrs20
dave and @billhaslam #tdrs20 pic:
blake: country music superstar @bradpaisley joins us right now. #tdrs20
throughout the show today dave is going to be taking calls from people with great stories about the show. #tdrs20
blake: olympic gold medalist @scotthamilton84 is joining dave on the show right now. #tdrs20
dave is starting the show today by talking about how it got started 20 years ago. #tdrs20
blake: here we go! one of the best shows we've ever done is starting now! #tdrs20
dave is on stage! #tdrs20
@keenanwill we are live tweeting the whole thing over here at @ramseyshow!
great turnout here at our 20th anniversary celebration. show starts in about 30 minutes. #tdrs20
lots of awesome activities for the whole family here at financial peace plaza. #tdrs20
food trucks are here! #tdrs20
don't forget that we will be streaming live video of the show today. join us at
our amazing team member band is doing their sound check. we're almost there! #tdrs20
in case you missed it, here's our 20th anniversary highlight video:
engineer matt and others on our team are setting up the radio gear for #tdrs20
we're creating a twitter list of all today's special guets, updated as they come on. follow it here:
we'll be live tweeting the event all day long here on @ramseyshow. be sure to tag your tweets with #tdrs20 !
today is the big day! please join us for the celebration:
rt @daveramsey: command central for video stream of 20yr celebration friday
just like in football, winning with money takes effort and a gameplan. five money lessons from the gridiron:
blake: "nfl stands for not for long." @daveramsey talking about nfl players going broke and not saving.
blake: just played @jonforeman's (@switchfoot) cool 20th anniv. congrats message.  thanks jon!  #tdrs20
blake: now a positive nfl player story.  this rookie is headed in the right direction.
@kalebcarter this is probably the question dave gets asked the most. read here to find out his answer:
blake: how does an nfl player blow through $26 million?!
blake: catch @daveramsey on @teamcavuto (@foxnews) at 4:40p et/3:40p ct.  topic = whose to blame for the debt?!
blake: lining up guests for the #tdrs20 show friday. we've got a billionaire, a nascar legend, and more. stay tuned...
after 20 years, dave and the team are still passionate about putting on the best show in the business:
video: looking back on 20 years of the dave ramsey show:
blake: @drhenrycloud's awesome book "boundaries" (one of @daveramsey's all-time favs) is only $12 today!
rt @rustyb78: @ramseyshow i remember listening to the money game when i was 19 (1997).i've been listening since. love your show. #tdrs20
blake: 3 ways you can celebrate w/ us this friday for #tdrs20
dave, blake, and lara are on stage telling stories of 20 years of the dave ramsey show to the whole team. #tdrs20 pic:
blake: @drhenrycloud is live today w/ @daveramsey 4p et/3p ct talking "boundaries".  dealing w/ this? call 1-888-825-5225 during interview.
blake: boundaries: when to say yes, how to say no.  dealing w/ this?  we'll take your call as priority 4p et/3p ct 1-888-825-5225
rt @donnarunion: congratulations @daveramsey on 20 yrs of awesome! god bless your next 20! #tdrs20
rt @dadoftwins02: @daveramsey been listening for 19 of your 20 yrs. (half my life) thanks for helping me avoid a lot of stupid. #tdrs20
rt @jfigueroa310: congratulations @daveramsey on celebrating 20 yrs in the radio. 20 yrs of bringing hope to millions. thank you! #tdrs20
blake: it's time to party!
blake: the official hashtag for the 20th celebration this week and for friday's special broadcast is #tdrs20
catalyst is almost here! if youll be there next week, stop by the pastors lounge to see the new financial peace university! #catalyst
@chrismefford not today!
blake: did you hear?!  we're throwing a big party and you're invited!
there are more financial peace university classes starting right now than ever before! find one today:
like the music you hear on the dave ramsey show? follow @blakesbumps for a list of the bump music used each day.
@christinaciz awesome!  glad you found us. -blake
dave believes great service is at the heart of capitalism. read about another company that feels the same way:
when @biyourmoney asked financial experts what was in their wallet, dave's answer stood out from the rest:
have you attended financial peace university yet? it's now easier than ever to find a class that works for you:
we couldn't make great radio without a great team. see the faces behind the dave ramsey show:
blake: @daveramsey on @teamcavuto on @foxnews next!
blake: #retirement and #investing live chat today at 5p et/4p ct
rt @maxlucado: @daveramsey: man of class, follower of christ and one of the brightest guys on earth. @ramseyshow
blake: @maxlucado is live in-studio w/ @daveramsey discussing #grace
did you know you can stream the dave ramsey show live on your computer? the show starts in just a few minutes!
financial peace university has changed millions of lives, including monique's. read her story and find a class today:
big thanks to @maxlucado for speaking to dave's team this morning!
feeling busy or exhausted? @jonacuff explains how to combat overload by building your own central park:
blake: we're throwing a party, and you're invited!
for a limited time, get a free gift with a purchase of $25 or more in dave's online store.
how many credit cards do you still have in your wallet? what's keeping you from cutting them all up? tell us! #debtisdumb
blake: great job to our buddy @charliedaniels w/ tonight's rock'n #mnf opener! peyton went down to georgia...
lots of new financial peace university classes starting up right now! find a class near you:
dave and the team look back at 20 years worth of memorable radio calls:
got a question for dave? send it @ramseyshow and tag it with #askdave. we'll use the best ones on the show!
steve: today we welcome the newest member of dave's social media team -- josh holloway. glad you're here  @holloway !!
lara: amount of debt paid off by just those who got on w/ @daveramsey this week = $732,000 (ytd = $29,650,600)
@tylerrandrews classic!
blake: vote now! katie davis is a hero. @katieinuganda for women of the year: readers' choice award 2012 (@glamourmag)
blake: see @daveramsey on @teamcavuto (@foxnews) at 4:40p et/3:40p ct. topic = consumer spending has fallen for the 16th straight quarter
blake: you must gain control over your money or the lack of it will forever control you. @daveramsey
we're looking for great questions for dave to answer on-air for the radio show this week. tweet us your questions and we'll pick a few!
blake: us consumers are on pace to build up an additional $43.5 billion in credit card debt during 2012. (cardhub)
blake: 40% of 13-22 yr olds expect to receive an inheritance.  only 16% of parents said they think they can provide one.  (usa today)
lara: amount of debt paid off by just those who got on w/ @daveramsey this week = $353,000 (ytd = $28,918,600)
@bryang3301
blake: a "business" that's not making a profit is actually called a "hobby". @daveramsey
blake: want stories from 2nd generation listeners and those debt free more than 10 years! email us daveonair@daveramsey.com
@martyschiff not sure yet.  hoping coach weis can make it happen!  #rockchalk
blake: 88% of graduating college seniors have credit card debt...before they even have a job.
right now if you spend $25 or more in dave's store, you get a free gift (either a tote bag, or book). learn more at:
blake: somethings always broken:
blake: our favorite rabbi @daniellapin will be on the show at 3:35p et/2:35p ct #thoushallprosper
have you ever wanted to hear dave answer your question on the radio show?! now is your chance - tweet us your question and we'll pick a few!
rt @breakingnews: us national debt tops $16 trillion mark
blake: debt robs you of your best wealth building tool...your income. @daveramsey
blake: have you listened to the show for 10+ years and you're debt free?  email us at daveonair@daveramsey.com and tell us about it!
last deal for 10 days, 10 deals. the quick start bundle for only $22.95. limited quantity, so don't wait!
today is the last day you can enter dave's credit card payoff giveaway for a chance to win $6,576!
blake: car loans rose $13 billion in the 2nd quarter to $750 billion. (cnn money) #likearock
rt @meganknox: @daveramsey when callers start w/ "i'll make this brief" that is code for "i'm going to divulge unnecessary details."
blake: dan miller of @48daysteam will be in-studio today discussing his new book "wisdom meets passion" at 2:35p et/1:35p ct.
there's still time to enter dave's credit card payoff giveaway for a chance to win $6,576! enter daily until 8/31! 
rt @daveramsey: fonzie is doing reverse mort. commercials and they throw in a magnifying glass w/light to read the fine print. //not "cool"!
blake: @rachelcruze is also the face of our college curriculum "foundations in personal finance". check it out here:
blake: check out @rachelcruze new video blog "ask rachel"
blake: dave's daughter @rachelcruze is live in-studio w/ @daveramsey this hour talking college and money...plus taking your calls!
rt @entreleadership: celebrating 1mm downloads today on the podcast!  @daveramsey answers your questions!
@jasonunderwood 99.7 wwtn
rt @joebert1: @daveramsey what are 5 must reads for your team members?//pics of all 5 right here
do you want dave to answer your financial question on the radio show sometime this week? tweet your questions here and we will pick a few!
we've got a great deal on financial peace university today only. just $99. find a class near you and take it this fall!
steve: dont miss @jonacuff at catalyst atl! register today with code fob for the best rates!
@waltnmaggiesdad
blake: we're live!  open phones 1-888-825-5225
blake: @daveramsey interviews baseball star @radickey43
steve: have you ever wanted to hear dave tackle your tough financial question on the radio show? tweet us your questions!
@apoloohno check your dm for a message i sent you!  thanks! -blake
rt @briannanee: omg got my first credit card offer in the mail. @daveramsey taught me better than that, discover i don't think so
rt @dansealana: @ramseyshow @daveramsey we can't hear the debt-free screamers, only dave//yeah...blown channel on board!  fixing now.
blake: "normal is stupid, broke and fat.  don't be normal." @daveramsey
blake: we're live from the lake!  open phones 1-888-825-5225
blake: catch @daveramsey w/ @teamcavuto (on @foxnews) at 4:40p et/3:40p ct. topics = paul ryan, election issues (budget/spending), etc.
@vicjames615
blake:  the verdict is in: tackle smaller debts first
blake: 4 vital areas of agreement in marriage = money, in-laws, kids and religion
blake: "if you want something you've never had, you'll have to do something you've never done." @daveramsey
steve: want dave to possibly answer your question on the radio show? tweet your question here and we'll select a few for the show!
@freeleansite email us your story at daveonair@daveramsey.com
blake: open line right now for small business and leadership questions! 1-888-825-5225 #goodluck
blake: you wanted it, you got it!  one more hour of business and leadership questions! call now 1-888-825-5225 @entreleadership
blake: listened to dave on the radio since the 90's and you're debt free?  would love to hear from you! email us at daveonair@daveramsey.com
blake: get your business and leadership questions ready!  we will give these priority from 2-3p ct today at 1-888-825-5225 @entreleadership
blake: check out the new @entreleadership review:
rt @mikevancleve quick business answers at my fingertips. thanks @daveramsey and @ramseyshow for the iphone app//and small biz hr today 2p ct
blake: ny mets all-star pitcher @radickey43 was on the show today! if you missed it, check out his story!
blake: open phones this hour...1-888-825-5225
blake: ny mets all-star pitcher @radickey43 is our special guest today at 2:35p et/1:35p ct.  great story of perseverance!
blake: 90% of solving a problem is realizing there is one. one of your biggest obstacles is denial. @daveramsey
rt @megmeeker 4 things to teach your kids about money: its my pleasure to host rachel cruze today at
rt @steve_markley: planning to come and watch the show what time is good @ramseyshow //
@matthewsmithus cool! i will pass that on, that would be really neat.
blake: move from your day job to your dream job.
blake: we're live! 1-888-825-5225
blake: 19% of people in their 20's have taken out a payday loan. 
blake: 19% of people in their 20's have taken out a payday loan. 
steve: want to hear dave answer your financial question on the radio? tweet us your questions and we'll pick a few to answer!
blake: "economists are there to make weather forecasters look smart." @daveramsey
@matthewsmithus thanks matthew, we appreciate it! good luck with your fall tour, looks like you have a busy schedule!
blake: have you listened to dave on the radio since the 90's?!  if so and you're debt free, email daveonair@daveramsey.com and let us know!
blake: nearly 1 in 2 americans (46%) die "with virtually no financial assets," or less than $10k (19% w/ $0) -mit, dartmouth and harvard study
blake: this hour we hear from those who are on baby step 7...debt free (including their house)!  tune in for inspiration!
blake: big news! the dave ramsey channel is now available on @iheartradio. download the the app and listen anytime 24/7
@mike2ff hi mike, we responded to your question via facebook message. please message us back and we can make sure you get the list!
blake: i'm looking for fans who grew up listening to dave as a kid/teen and now have a family of your own. email daveonair@daveramsey.com
rt @daveramsey: looks like it is gonna be a rough day.
blake: 160,000 teens were hired for summer jobs in may 2012. up 100% from may 2011. (time)
blake: you can watch @daveramsey on w/ @teamcavuto (@foxnews) at 4:40p et/3:40p ct. topic = the rise in the number of boomerang kids.
rt @bryanhartspeaks: the team did excellent work on new #fpu packaging! it creates an enjoyable experience similar to #apple //thanks!
blake: common sense: it's so rare, it's kind of like having a super power. (saw on a poster today)
blake: parents have an avg of $34k in student loans and that figure rises to $50k over a standard 10-yr loan repayment period. (nacba)
steve: have you ever wanted to hear dave answer your financial question on the radio show? now is your chance, tweet us your questions!
blake: open phones 1-888-825-5225
steve: back to school is here and we're running a great sale on our products for kids, teens, and new grads. check it out! 
@meganbherman congrats on being debt-free! nice video too,  except now we have that song stuck in our heads, oh no!
blake: watch @daveramsey on @teamcavuto (@foxnews) at 4:40p et/3:40p ct. topic = the rising cost of goods.
blake: made it to baby step 7? debt free including the house?! we want to hear from you! email us at daveonair@daveramsey.com #myfpustory
steve: less than 5 hours left for daves 50% off sale. it ends at 6:00 pm edt today so hurry! 
blake: have you made it to baby step 7?  debt free including the house?!  we want to hear from you!  email us at daveonair@daveramsey.com
blake: "i have friends that sell whole life, but we can still be friends.  they just think i'm crazy and i think they're crooks." @daveramsey
blake: 50% of americans are behind in retirement savings, compared w/ 38% in 1997.  34% can retire at 65, vs. 50% in 1997. -usatoday
steve: do you have a question you'd like to hear dave answer on the radio show? tweet us your questions, and we'll pick a few!
lara:  $727,000 worth of debt paid off just by those who got on the phone w/ @daveramsey this week! ytd = $23,914,000
blake: americans owe more than $150 billion in private student loan debt.  90% of those loans have a co-signer attached to the debt. (cfpb)
remember, you can get a daily list of the songs played each day on the show @blakesbumps!  plus a direct link to listen to full versions!
blake: in case you missed it, here's the audio of @daveramsey telling his powerful story from the show yesterday. 
@jaredlatigo call our customer care line at 888.227.3223 and they can help you with that!
blake: continue the "quitter" conversation w/ @jonacuff right now!  live chat here:
@marysdaniel sorry to hear you're having problems with the tool - thanks for letting us know. we will have our web team take a look!
blake: "a man w/ an experience is not at the mercy of a man w/ an opinion." @daveramsey
blake: tune in at 3:35p et to hear "in-studio" guest @jonacuff discuss his best-seller "quitter" and talk about his upcoming conference!
rt @daveh551: @ramseyshow what's the email address to ask questions?// daveonair@daveramsey.com
rt @kristinsweetnes: @daveramsey what is the number we call to ask a question on the show? // 1-888-825-5225
rt @ericsandow: @daveramsey great 1st hr! could've listened to 3 hrs of fpu calls. congrats on the #fpu update!//keep it going #myfpustory
rt @thedavidcreel: wearing my @daveramsey tshirt at chick fil a. manager liked it and gave me a coupon for a free meal next visit!
blake: been through fpu or currently in fpu? tell us your testimony w/ #myfpustory  (so you can see others too!)
blake: today we're celebrating the all new financial peace university w/ a special theme hour starting now!
steve: have a financial question for dave? tweet us your question and we'll pick a few for him to answer on the radio show this week!
blake: "if you have an addiction or you're 'playing around' w/ one, you will never get ahead financially until you get help." @daveramsey
blake: out of the 114 million households in the u.s., over 50 million of them have credit card debt. -moneywatch
blake: revolving consumer credit, which includes mostly credit cards, jumped 11.2% to $870.20 billion the biggest rise since nov '07. -wsj
blake: watch @daveramsey on w/ @teamcavuto (@foxnews) at 4:40p et/3:40p ct.  topic = when to retire
steve: who has taken a debt-free vacation so far this summer? or do you have one planned for later on? tell us about it!
steve: certain life events can cause you to pause investing  but only for a short time. when to stop momentarily:
steve: want to win with money? find a winner and do what they do. here are 7 characteristics of debt-free people:
rt @mattmeyer912: @ramseyshow are you taking calls at the lake? we want to do our debt free yell! //yes!  1-888-825-5225
steve: great recipes for peach and blackberry cobblers from our director of guest relations @marthas_place 
steve: americans spend $27,000 on average for a wedding these days. here are a few ways you can save:
@ren4th32 dave is now on krld 1080 am in dallas from 8pm - 10pm.
steve: finding a good financial pro may seem intimidating, but it's not that difficult. check out dave's advice:
steve: 3 leadership lessons from george washington that are still relevant today:
happy independence day from all of us on dave ramsey's team!
blake: watch @daveramsey on @teamcavuto (@foxnews) at 4:40p et/3:40p ct.  topic = consumer spending
steve: daves 50% off sale is going on right now!  almost everything in dave's store is 50% off. hurry, ends soon.
@danieljmountain squarespace is our podcast sponsor. use the promo code dave7 at
rt @justinhancock: the @ramseyshow was awesome. independence over dependence, ranting about parentingbest show on talk radio//thanks!
blake: independence week, not dependence week.  what are you doing to change you?!  let us know. hashtag #independence @daveramsey
@mizbrittanykaye congratulations, brittany! way to put in the extra effort to knock down that debt!
blake: if you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -henry ford
steve: for a limited time, almost everything in dave's store is 50% off! 
blake:  here's the audio from @daveramsey talking about the healthcare ruling today on the air.
blake: what's @daveramsey think about today's healthcare ruling?  tune in right now to find out!
blake: #catalyst atl 2012. catch our favorite speaker @jonacuff and many more! register 2day 4 best rates!
rt @kellycroy: just listened to my first @daveramsey show. it was great! //welcome aboard!
blake: watch @daveramsey on @teamcavuto (fox news) at 4:40p et/3:40p ct.  what's the new health care reform mean to small business?
steve: today is the last day to take advantage of the free shipping in dave's store. don't miss out! 
steve: today is the last day to take advantage of the free shipping in dave's store. don't miss out! 
blake: 3 options for overcoming an underwater mortgage
lara: $941,000 worth of debt paid off by those who got on air w/ @daveramsey this week! (ytd: $20,571,000)
blake: what would you like to do once you're totally debt free and have the cash? #bucketlist
steve: there is still time to take advantage of free shipping in dave's store... just a few more days left!
blake: tune in! @glennbeck just called in to tell us about his new book cowards - what politicians, radicals and the media refuse to say
blake: don't miss @glennbeck fire things up today on the show as he talks to @daveramsey about his new book cowards at 3:35p et/2:35p ct
steve: here are four things to talk about before marriage
steve: everything in the store is free shipping with no minimum today! now is the time to pick up one of dave's books.
blake: watch @daveramsey on @teamcavuto on fox news at 4:40p et/3:40p ct.  talking about young people and the economy.
blake: student loans aren't just for school anymore
blake: 33% believe making min payments on cc debt will reduce the interest rate or stop it from accruing until the next bill (creditdonkey)
blake: how do you define being rich? tweet your thoughts back.
hey dallas dave ramsey show fans! starting today, dave's show is airing on a new station, at a new time - 1080 @krld weeknights from 8-10pm
blake: 3 wedding gifts for marital bliss
blake: refinance the right way
blake: 42% of baby boomers and 54% of those under age 46 are paying medical costs for their parents or other relatives. (us trust)
blake: tools for budgeting, a community of encouragement/support, access to the last 30 days of the show, etc.
blake: part 4 in our series of @megmeeker's 30-day challenge to help dads grow in parenting skills w/ daughters.
blake:  
special in daves online store right now. free shipping on anything you order w/ no minimum purchase required!
blake: newlyweds - what do you need to know about money? this:
steve: want to sell your car? here's 8 tips for getting the most out of your car sale
steve: on 6/14/1777, the continental congress proposed that the united states have a national flag. happy flag day from dave's team!
@wreckon95 gotta love those free vacations!
@404hcprez way to go jack! we're proud of you! keep at it.
steve: happy birthday to the united states army, 237 years young today!
steve: does your vacation match your budget? dave remind us how to keep the vacation bills from following us home. 
@rickhendrixn keep checking the event schedule on
steve: vacations not in the budget this year? try a "staycation" instead!
steve: thx 4 listening @spidean @mrsposy @debjo1957 @mchurch12 @gjacobo791 @myoozishum @mommyto2cars
@tiffanyflemming way to go tiffany!
steve: top money lessons we learned from dad
steve: did you see this special on dave's fpu home edition? this is the lowest price ever ($99) for this so grab it!
@kinseyandkeith congrats kinsey!
@gardngurl please tell us you are kidding!
steve: have a wedding in your future? recently married? read, 5 money must-knows for newlyweds
blake: consumers are on track to end 2012 w/ $50 billion more credit card debt than they began it with. (cardhub)
steve:  bringing debt baggage into a marriage
steve: we've got all the excerpts now posted from dr. meg meeker's 30-day challenge here
steve: an oldie but goodie -- video titled, summer debt song, created by some folks here in dave's office.
@nicolevassos no, never. keep saving or find a less expensive one you can pay cash for. you will be glad you did.
@cldeering thanks for listening in japan!
steve: get your debt-free vacation planning advice from dave's fans
@reborncnick thanks for listening in texas!
rt @lizmiller222 listening from france! // merci pour le'coute or thanks for listening
steve: where do you listen to the dave ramsey show from? anyone overseas? tweet us up!
steve: if you're reading this tweet then you are missing the fpu sneak peek! join us live here
@_johnbarajas23 we are excited also john!  join us in the live chat.
@bwragon no, its not crazy at all.
@joeldcatalan we will check on that. thanks for the heads up!
steve: celebrate summer with a cool ice cream treat. recipe courtesy of @marthas_place
steve: facebook stock hit another low today. did you take dave's advice about the fb ipo?
@ctweeterson good job chris!
steve: do you have a favorite dave quote? tweet it at us!
lara: total debt paid off this week by just those who got on w/ @daveramsey = $2,069,000 (ytd = $19,630,000)
blake: get @twofootfred's new book full circle: how my life has come full circle
#bestyear
blake: are you winning this year?  if so...tell us how (new biz, debt free, etc.) copy @daveramsey and hastag w/ #bestyear
steve: how to keep your house flip from becoming a flop
steve: finally, thanks for feedback @clarke58 ,  @jessleynelson , @bugsy11368 . @kati_bum and @my_scf_life thx again.
steve: thx for the feedback on student loans @ladyfcs , kati_bum , @joshbrand , @adamburton , @my_scf-life , @chrisshrom
steve: thx for the feedback on student loans @bradshea , @lestew , @polyglot717 , @tyler_b_hughes , @ten39_73 , @craig_mcdade
blake: interest on a 15-yr mortgage has dropped below 3% (2.97%) for the first time ever. -freddie mac
blake: watch @daveramsey talk about the job market w/ @teamcavuto on fox news at 4:40p et/3:40p ct
steve: daves $10 sale ends today.   weve got 50 items on sale for just $10 or less!
steve: ever wanted your question answered by dave on-air? now's your chance. tweet us your best one now!
steve: @deafmom blogs about her trip to meet dave last week and tells about one of dr's lesser-known talents.
blake: open phones!  taking your questions on your situation.  1-888-825-5225
blake: tune in! @megmeeker is in-studio talking parenting w/ @daveramsey
blake: awesome deals on @megmeeker's #sfsd30 day challenge for fathers! only $10 or the special $19.95 product bundle!
blake: father's w/ daughters, you get priority on the phones w/ your parenting ?'s 2-3p et w/ special guest @megmeeker (1-888-825-5225)
steve: only one day left in daves huge $10 sale. sale ends tomorrow!
steve: is your wallet ready for those summer expenses? it's never too late to create that budget!
@kpieckiel way to go kevin!
steve: last chance to get dave's fpu home study kit for $119.  (regularly $199).  24 hours left in our 14 day sale.
rt @jonacuff: "strike hope in our hearts." (love this idea and the charity it helps!)
steve: ever had a really bad summer job? read, the worst summer jobs, now on
@oneightydiva stay strong carrie!
@tjamison it would boggle your mind todd. thanks for listening!
steve: just a few days left for daves $10 sale!
blake: people will spend more than $4.7 bil on gifts for students graduating this year. give something that matters!
steve: just 3 days left to get the fpu homestudy kit for $119! (regularly $199)  
blake: john mackey (ceo/founder of whole foods) is up next w/ @daveramsey #entreleadership
@elisabettx try clicking on the link again. i just clicked on it and it worked.
steve: getting excited about summer? here's 3 ways to make this summer your best one yet.
blake: tune in! @michaelhyatt is here talking about his new book #platformbook only $12 here:
blake: in the past year, 40% of households used credit cards to pay for basic living expenses. -cnn money
@kamj1964 way to go!
blake: catch @daveramsey w/ @teamcavuto on fox news at 4:40p et/3:40p ct.
blake: father's day is around the corner!  we want to hear your parenting questions dad.  email them to daveonair@daveramsey.com
steve: ever wanted your question answered by dave on-air? tweet us your best one!
@susprod good answer eric!
@deafmom we're looking forward to your visit karen!
@davidfwebster you are correct david!
steve: facebook stock hits a new low in it's third day of trading.  who can tell us what dave said about this stock?
steve:congrats @claired on being one of @fastcompany mag's 100 most creative people in biz. our team is proud to know u
steve: facebook shares down 12% today. that shouldn't worry you if you listened to dave's advice on the fb ipo.
@mmayer56 thanks for your feedback. we have forwarded your tweet to our tech support team.
steve: get dave's take on the facebook ipo.
steve: get dave's take on the facebook ipo.
steve: have you cut up that final credit card yet? no more excuses. let's kick that debt to the curb!
blake: "you will either teach your children about money or someone else will (visa, amex, etc.)." @rachelcruze
steve: what should you do when your college grad moves back home?
blake: more than 90% of private lender student loans have co-signers (that's up from 50% prior to 2008). -finaid
steve: find out how to turn your trash into treasure$, today on
@shelleyfaye way to go shelley! thanks for the update. (and cool profile pic!)
@stephenavello it's never too late stephen!
blake: "new automobiles lose 70% of their value in the first four years. that's where chevy got their theme 'like a rock'." @daveramsey
blake: "success is uncommon, therefore not to be enjoyed by the common man."~coach cal stoll
rt @marthas_place: our special guests for the @ramseyshow today is another wellness class from @healthways! 
steve: you can win $3,000 today from dave! we made entering the contest much easier! enter as often as you like.
steve: ever wanted to hear dave answer your financial question on the radio show? today is your chance - tweet us your questions!
@trevoracy way to go trevor!
blake: got a classic "stupid tax" story?  email it to us at daveonair@daveramsey.com (something stupid you did w/ $)
blake: nearly 25% of american families have no savings (1 in 5 owes more on credit than they have in savings). -univ. michigan report
steve: just because your debt tells you, "it's too late to start", don't listen. it's never too late to hope.
steve: the $30k giveaway is happening! are you registered? 
steve: join dave's entreleadership team for an online live chat in less than 30 minutes! the chat starts at 3:45pm cdt 
blake: we're live from tucson, az today at the @entreleadership master series event! we're taking small biz and leadership ?'s 1-888-825-5225
blake: here's @daveramsey and chief engineer matt aaron broadcasting live from @entreleadership master series tucson, az
call 1-888-825-5225 now w/ your small business and/or leadership questions!  #entreleadership
blake: we're live from tucson, az today at the @entreleadership master series event! we're taking small biz and leadership ?'s nationwide!
steve: celebrate mothers day this weekend with a special and super-easy recipe from @marthas_place
steve: want to win some cash from dave? thought so. enter our $30,000 cash giveaway daily for your chance to win!
steve: join us tomorrow (friday) for a special edition of our @entreleadership live chat at 3:45pm cdt. learn more:
steve: submit a photo and it could be featured in an exciting upcoming project.  learn more and submit your photo here -
steve: dave's $30k home improvement giveaway is happening now! enter here today:
steve: scott and kathy overcame cancer and debt during a four-year journey on baby step 2.
steve: should you buy or sell real estate in 2012?
steve: dave's $30k home improvement giveaway is on! register online
blake: if you want something youve never had, youll have to do something youve never done. @daveramsey
steve: dave's $10 sale is going strong!  best price on books, dvds, budgeting software, kids stuff and more! 
steve: ever wanted dave to answer your question on-air? tweet us your best one now!
steve: have you registered for dave's $30k giveaway yet? 
@houstonbombera thanks for listening michelle
lara: $674,000 worth of debt paid off by those who got on air w/ @daveramsey this week! (ytd: $14,742,000)
blake: @daveramsey is doing his live on-air "shout out" to our nashville @predsnhl going into the big game tonight! #smashville #phxnsh
steve: what kind of money lessons are you teaching your kids?
steve: it's friday! celebrate it by entering dave's $30k cash giveaway
@sammiejo09 your not cheap, you're just frugal, ha!
blake: tune in! @craiggroeschel live w/ @daveramsey talking "soul detox" 4:19p et/3:19p ct. hardback only $10
blake: "there are limitations, but the biggest limitation is letting any of them define you." @daveramsey to caller w/ felony wanting a job
blake:  62% of young adults (19-22) get financial help from their parents.  average annual amount = $12,185 (usa today)
steve: did you know dave is giving away $30,000 this month? want a chance at winning some of it? learn how
@betoprolol hope to see you soon!
@samscircle always looking for new destinations so stay tuned!
steve: daves $10 sale is on! choose from 50 debt-busting, money-saving items for just $10 each. 
steve: win $1,000 or more! enter daves home improvement cash giveaway. were giving away a total of $30,000! 
steve: youtube star @shaycarl has posted his marathon video
steve: the @entreleadership live chat is happening now! join in and ask dave's team anything about biz
steve: check out this video of dave and the team at the country music marathon!
@dmauter because martha thompson, blake's mom, run's the place!
@orosehanlo thanks for the update!
steve: ever wanted to dave to answer your question on-air? here's your chance! tweet us your best one now.
steve: we are still getting requests for dave's rant on student loan debt last week. listen to it here
steve: youtube star @shaycarl hangs out with @daveramsey , does the radio show and preps for the nashville marathon!
@hook1425 thanks for the email jeff!
@angela_sims1 thanks for listening
steve: @shaycarl talking with @daveramsey about the secret to success on youtube
@lukestokes come on over luke!
@stace_cat20 2:30 cdt
steve: congratulations to hs senior kiley e. of alabama, winner of our $500 personal finance scholarship contest!  
steve: dave's team is running the country music half/marathon on sat. if you see the yellow jersey, say 'hi'!
rt @apalmer32 i have siriusxm radio what channel and times can i tune in to hear dave's show? //  xm 168, starting at noon est
steve: youtube star @shaycarl will be dave's guest on today's show. you don't want to miss this!
blake: watch @daveramsey w/ @teamcavuto on fox news at 4:40p et/3:40p ct today talking about student loans.
blake: high school grads and parent's of...for a limited time, get the graduates survival guide for only $17.50
blake: catch @daveramsey talk w/ his daughter/speaker @rachelcruze today at 3:35p et/2:35p ct. especially future/current college students!
steve: got a grad or know a grad? check out dave's deal today on the graduate's survival guide! 
steve: looking for fun & affordable stuff to do with the kids this summer? read this on
blake: student loan delinquencies involving payments more than 3 months late rose 14.6% in 2011 from the year before. (equifax)
rt @cwbryant1984:  can visitors come by the studio? gonna ride motorcycle to the nashville area on friday //
blake: $25,000: average student loan debt for class of 2010 (the project on student debt)
steve: great new story on
steve: fpu is on sale for just $89!  or get the homestudy kit with all 13 lessons on dvd for just $139. 
in the absence of clearly-defined goals, we become loyal to performing daily trivia until ultimately we become enslaved by it. r. heinlein
@pmwelchpe it's a friendly competition, haha!
steve: want to become an investing pro? we've got you covered at
congrats to our nashville predators!
steve: last chance to get daves free audio books for kids. offer ends this weekend!
steve: are you new to dave? (it's ok to admit it) if so, we've got you covered. get all the basics here
steve: it's time to spring clean your money!
blake: buffet rule show. all 3 hrs w/o commercials & links to articles.
rt @lukestokes: "let's create a giving revolution, not a taxing revolution" @daveramsey was on fire :
blake: did you catch yesterday's show/debate on taxes?! hear all 3 hrs of it for free!
steve: what do your friends & family say when you tell them you don't use credit cards? tweet us up!
let's go predators!
hey, fitz looked great against the birds. can pats/belichick stop gordon? dejax in shoot out or is it all riley cooper and ertz? fitz=hofer
thinking same, conservative tho rt @jeff60150: @jimcramer when in doubt go with a running back. guaranteed touches means a much safer pick
going with 3 rbs, lacy, mccoy and bell, and now choosing among fitz, dejax or josh gordon. but 3 rbs must play.. thoughts?? which wr sits?
true!rt @mappisani: @jimcramer against detroit??? that game has shoot out written all over it jim!
re-thinking, lacy getting nod. debating sitting dejax!!!
that's it; sitting lacy; playing bell rt @adamschefter: packers qb aaron rodgers officially ruled out for sunday.
$eog ceo said they are expensive. rt @adammaz84:what's with the domestic oil stocks today? markets up, crude is up. they are getting slammed
where to move for the highest paychecks - @mainstr
triple in two years is a dog? rt @m_m_b_g: @jimcramer in regards to $eog, no worries about selling it when it spikes. dog of a stock
in case you missed it: my newest #getrichcarefully video about #7themesbuilttolast
student loan bill of rights: a call to arms? - @mainstr
'a perfect jobs report'
poured my heart out on that one. tough hedge fund years rt @topgunfp: @jimcramer @netthreat confessions of a street addict is a great read.
stay mad rt @netthreat: @jimcramer of your many books do you have one that you would recommend first for a new investor? thx jim
total agreement rt @vegasfletch2005:  i actually watched the nets and knicks.can't believe how bad nets are.desperate for entertainment.
book comes out in january rt @mldboy: @jimcramer @jthomaswalkup @shindigevents i just looked on audible and it's not on there! what the...?!
you need full-service broker in deal rt @hugegainstrader:  how do i get in on the $hlt ipo or any ipo? i have my account with sharebuilder.
six days down? could it be? we'll be on it...
proudly-and loved the book, too!rt @matthewberrytmr: @kinikanik @jimcramer @fantasy_guru @evansilva difference is... jim's a friend i know.
the punishment fits the earnings crime  rt @dpashariko:   mr. booyah? $ulta down $20 post earnings but quarter wasn't that bad?
i can say, definitively, that reading the $ulta conference call is much more compelling than this jags-texans game.
#7themesbuilttolast in #getrichcarefully: wellness and health--surf a wave that can generate tremendous profits over time
bingo! thanks ...rt @evansilva: @jimcramer @fantasy_guru @matthewberrytmr i'd start lacy.
everyone help--lacy or bell -it's the playoffs -- i need answers, @fantasy_guru and @evansilva and @matthewberrytmr all welcome to respond
you are the best, thanks! rt @matthewberrytmr: @jimcramer practiced in full yesterday. appears on track to play.
@matthewberrytmr desperate for more bell info--re: concussion!!!
trifecta blessed ($tst) cramer fave $himx on the move on rumors of $bidu arrangement. thanks @aztecs99
thanx! rt @aztecs99: i recall  talking up cheniere, $lng,way back when it was in the low teens, one of the best calls out there - now at 43.
signed #getrichcarefully winners will be announced tues - don't worry, you can still buy a signed copy from @bnbuzz
ill be speaking live at the #nyse in 10! #tde2014 
u r a gent rt @roberjough: absolutely love that stuff. @jimcramer if you ever run through dallas, first few rounds of #pbr are on me.
holy cow, avatar of my fave beer, $pbr! rt @roberjough:: @jimcramer from one of those smarter employees at starbucks.
see my manda predictions for 2014 at the deal economy event today at 11:35am et
this say hey comment by @davidfaber is the absolute talk of the town--his command of the figures for mays blew us away!
isolated, chief rt @dtownsdin: @jimcramer this is from one of those smarter employees at starbucks.
and the d??? rt @espnnfl: cam leads the @panthers in rush yards (324) and rush td (5) during their current 8-game win streak. 

#supercam
weirdly massive amount of news flow today.. tune in for our interpretation beginning in four minutes...
i have said repeatedly that i like $nok and $lu rt @addypen24: cramer why don't you talk about nokia more, tons of cash and a great upside?
very smooth! rt @kurt_vinje_mpls: @jimcramer having a tequila mixie during his mad money show today, it was avion too. #entourage
lets hope it matters!!! rt @pharmamaven: @madmoneyoncnbc great call  @jimcramer ubs upgrade $celg to buy;pt to $200 (
#7themesbuilttolast in #getrichcarefully: biotech has replaced traditional big pharma 4 growth and consistent profits
lovin the @trunkclub!=$crm! rt @trunkclubjamie: @jimcramer you can get your clothes delivered in a trunk, too! @trunkclub loves realmoney ;)
my manda predictions for next year -
$aapl being applauded by many of my best trader/technicians as a terrific cup/handle or continuation pattern...
how i'm playing krispy kreme, yum! brands, and ebay
can't own dozens and dozens of stocks rt @androb50: @jimcramer many of your "buy buy buys" on @madmoneyoncnbc are never bought for aap.
and no coffee cart visit today!  rt @oscartheorange: @squawkstreet  @jimcramer   jim! u f obviously cranked on something!
coming in hot--do not believe what you read about volcker--unless you believed pravda, which is not to be confused with prada btw
after '12th man pants'd brees monday? rt @sonn_donjuan: @jimcramer @gstergio the @panthers are going to embarrass the saints on sunday
raider d lit for 7 tds by iggles-jets due for breakout game? dangerous rt @sacdaddy17: @jimcramer i am on the raiders boat!
i was stylin' rt @bailey702: @jimcramer $vnce my mom was jealous of your purse.
yeah, i had a real good vibe from them. thanks  @jedi509: @jimcramer those shades are you my friend.
because my beloved panther d goes up against a scorned brees and it is too risky to play them rt @gstergio: @jimcramer why all the defenses
@guyjohnsontv if $sbux just got to helsinki there's still plenty of room to expand in europe!
surprisingly late..rt @guyjohnsontv: i've just been told that starbucks only recently opened its first store in helsinki #amazed
great, i woke up and i see i now own the jags d, the steelers d and the panthers d. debating grabbing the raiders' d now!
new #getrichcarefully sweepstakes: enter to win a @shindigevents video chat w/ me!!
i have liked it for 70 points, still do rt @pgmeador: @jimcramer  a few weeks ago you could not stop talking about $pxd,
$aapl still cheap  rt @mattbenedetti10: @jimcramer are you looking to buy apple? if it pulls back 5% is it time to pull the trigger?
exactly--can't sit him rt @keith_inchierca: @jimcramer @fantasy_guru i love my pats, but can you really sit gordon now? is it a ppr league?
'77 ford fairmont rt @brndnrbrts: @jimcramer  i've heard you've slept in your car.. but what kind of car was it??? $tsla?
much obliged rt @daytradersgroup: @jimcramer brilliant and gutsy move yesterday buying $aapl on the dip - #respect #followthepros
@fantasy_guru do we even know who is qb'ing the browns? what kind of protocol allows bell to play? "how many fingers?"
jeez, we just aren't that bad!!! hrt @rgetzx: @jimcramer lions are gonna lit up eagle's d
so is jimmy graham, though. fortunately i have that beast... rt @imaidenfan: @jimcramer panthers d is legit!
maybe watch show? rt @thisgye_: i'm looking for some future investments, think you could give me some advice? also what's your take on amd?
huge,t/y! rt @fantasy_guru:  prognosis on lev bell looking good, my guest today talked to him and he seemed fine, tomlin indicated that too.
$28 rt @djcodeman: @jimcramer thoughts on $twtr?? im bearish but chart still isn't really built yet...
frankly, prefer $bp more rt @achillesofhomer: @jimcramer including $rds.a? nat gas finally hit $4.
been my d the whole way, very reluctant to abandon them. even with brees in dome rt @taxmanboston: @jimcramer panthers d
i know, but they are terrible.. rt @upbeatinvesting: @jimcramer i would go with the jags since they play houston
$aapl still only up 6% for the year....
benadryl spray on the set--and not a stock!!
liking the oils and the nat gases here...
watch: #7themesbuilttolast, my newest #getrichcarefully video:
always willing to learn  rt @shoply: @jboorstin @jimcramer he obviously doesn't know about
scrambling for 6 in 60--so many ideas!!!
not yet, cult stocks staying cultish and today coltish rt @nurseintime: @jimcramer cult to uncult stock?
$tsla land speed record for overvalued to undervalued: $ms
road to super bowl will go through the legion of boom
two afc teams-- so can't play--just one or the other
how do we know? $twtr analytics? what's the edge? rt @philkainbacher: @herbgreenberg @jimcramer apple made a great purchase
hoping! rt @nmurray49:  that wilson led team is playing the niners on the road. you're the favorite in ff matchup. wilson to be stuffed.
hate the term "steal" as there are no steals rt @gheorge31: $crm looks like at steal at this level, you agree?? @jimcramer
you go with your publisher, and mine is david rosenthal, the best! rt @rgletter: jim, why blue rider and not selfee on the new bk @jimcramer
i play a team led by russell wilson next week. i quiet rt @zerophyte: @jimcramer come on jim, you got very quiet all of a sudden #seahawks
you will have to read @herbgreenberg on $kkd as it wasn't what i wanted to see
normalized 5.2% comp rt @herbgreenberg: "some big honeymoon effects going on in charlotte where a couple of stores opened really big.." $kkd
certified zoological beasts: gordon, decker, jeffery, megatron, and graham!  graham goes off top ten in next year's draft
it's the jimmy graham lightnin' round on cramer's mad money!
early? ....rt @espnnfl: first name russell 

last name wilson 

seahawks rolling early 17-0.
we need the fans to cut the noise the way centurylink ($ctl) cut the dividend...
i may dedicate the lightning round to jimmy graham if brees torches seattle with a bullet to #80.
must buy, $zts rt @codybarbo: "americans spend $61b on their pets annually" wow this interview on @madmoneyoncnbc with @zoetis ceo was great
total bad mojo start for saints ...
i have to make it lower cause i am getting a headache.. seattle.. must be the $sbux
worst tippers in america and their vile notes - @mainstr
$amzn's drones could take out #ups and #fedex:

you can put a bentley in your living room now - mainstreet
25% of workers will spend at least 4 hours doing this on cyber monday - @mainstr
jeffery, megat, gordo, deck-man; beasts around!  rt @thebigsleazy24:  alshon jeffery in massive beast mode!!!
$zts one of the most interesting companies i have had on in ages....
two cubes only rt @jajohnson1: @jimcramer @johnwlucey it's good on the rocks.
only gordo and decker in total beastial mode rt @mrauch3389:  jim lets agree  to this..graham goes off big time but so does beast mode,
need conceptions to have misconceptions  rt @max_fisher: the four biggest misconceptions about ukraines protests
i'm sick of cyber-monday. going for typewriter-tuesday...
wishing you good karma! rt @ravenben: @jimcramer i need 16 from graham to win in 2 leagues!!
thank you! rt @jdr1024: @cnbcfastmoney @stephanie_link @jimcramer like your purchase of more $aapl today in aap!
not really--different enough..rt @__bolt: @jimcramer do you think $wday is a threat to $payx?
if you can answer how many printers it sold this year, then maybe...rt @iamjustkrystal: @jimcramer should i add #vjet to my portfolio?
anyone think jimmy graham can get us north of 23 tonight??
my #cybermonday special:  $1 buys all of thestreets stock picks until #newyearseve
anyone notice the quiet comeback in $pnra? i can't judge yet but i believe management can turn it around
strictly single malt--nothing else save jameson's 18. rt @tbechtx:  are you a single malt kinda guy or do you prefer a blend? #ivegottoknow
no real good one, sorry  rt @shel_berman: @jimcramer what is your best stocks book for a 16 year old?
??? cross state lines!!! rt @andrewpbrennan: @jimcramer jc have you hit up the $cost free kirkland alcohol samples?
$yelp $fb $lcc are buys
one rt @david_azer21: @jimcramer what is the minimum amount of shares you think someone should buy when investing #madtweets
stay focused, will you?  rt @1chris_addo:  you should hush and focus on making me money. don't sound naive cause it threatens ur brand
loved it; catching fire my fave rt @dwo3c: @jimcramer you read the hunger games!?!  do you ever sleep?
huh? silly takeaway rt @gkearl: really a gop that hates the president? your bias is pathetic. total opposition to his policies is not hate!!
@davidfaber went to $bby this weekend; i am raising price target $bby on that!
fabulous book!! rt @pbanik: @jimcramer beating the street by peter lynch is also a classic investing book as well.
yeah, but i got kryptonite firewall and sentries rt @plutonetworks:  your home network router is more secure than health care .gov
twenty minutes to kick-off...
no disagreement rt @cramersshirt: a lot of times it's the same guy "faber" or "schiller" and media acts like their comments are new somehow?
i totally sick of it ... rt @capsandcats: am i the only one getting tired of someone different saying there's a "market bubble" every day.
true rt @ceceilia0502: :
others would yawn rt @convertbond: some would say rearranging the deck chairs rt @kowsmann: portugal moves to ease financing needs in 2014,
his bucknell class is legendary...  rt @duanelhart: @jimcramer gruver was the best professor in my undergrad career...great guy!
needs new management...rt @wbredfern: @jimcramer what do you make of icahn taking a stake in holx?
not using price targets. just think it is undervalued... rt @rsvengolf: @jimcramer thoughts in aapl? price target?
i hope we don't have to drone about drones today
one up on wall street rt @markkoala7: dr. jim, what is the best book, asides from yours, that you could recommend to a young investor?
could do worse...rt @cts49: @jimcramer; you have a woody harrelson look about you
charts say we are over-extended  rt @dennybribri: @jimcramer do the charts say short short short?  it's getting dicey
charts say we are over-extended  rt @dennybribri: @jimcramer do the charts say short short short?  it's getting dicey
mad money in the house!!
haven't worn in 2 years.. rt @zspitz12: @jimcramer what's the record in the celek jersey? who did you wear last week...don't switch it up!!
$wwav's almond #1, soy #2, then regular milk. health conscious group this a.m.!! rt @banulis: @jimcramer try coconut milk too!
liking 58 down....
best college finish of the year--gratz to auburn.. incredible.. what a victory
$ibm, $xom, $ko--hardly graham and dodd names...  rt @bqgill: @jimcramer @pbanik tell that to buffet and munger.
on fall days like today i yearn for it; the mercer, moravian tile!  rt @andyshaw21: @jimcramer that's awesome! do you miss it out here?
we lived on elephant rd. i went to peddlers village opening day rt @andyshaw21: really where about? coming to you from peddlers village!
looks just like the view from my old place near doylestown rt @buxbucks: @jimcramer sunset in bucks county
and could @peterwkaplan draw, too. peter you will be missed. harvard crimson commencement cover, pwk, 1976
can't get on the lot to find out rt @martychargin:  faber said you have pulse of retail market as you visit malls. what have you seen?
hate red; rest okay rt @roosbrews: can u tell how the market is doing by this pic? is $deo a buy?
i have no jars left; all new batch coming this summer, weather permitting! rt @stkmkt1: @jimcramer do you have any spaghetti sauce left?
first week of january rt @alecazam1: @jimcramer when's the book coming out?!
hope so, good for the trust rt @drakna12: @jimcramer facebook closed above 50 day moving average.  melt up will continue
a dollar meal with substance!
file with the irs or renounce your citizenship? @mainstr
when changing jobs do you roll over or cash out? @mainstr
3 pitfalls of layaway - mainstreet
my #blackfriday special:  $1 buys all of thestreets stock picks until #newyearseve
as long as they keep putting up such good numbers, yes..rt @jdr1024: @jimcramer jim, are you a buyer of crm this morning down under 52?
thanks,
emergency !! pop' s oven broke! prepared turkey from $wfm; courtesy robert
happy thanksgiving to all!! go eat too much! i know pop and i will!
low key, in town, with the buds, tomorrow's family rt @balwx: @jimcramer what's the spot for dinner tonight ?
i thought you were an intellectual now i know otherwise rt @garypenna: @jimcramer sorry jim, i just buy stocks that go up, da!
i would start buying monday--trades off of brent rt @jim_houston_sc: jim is now a good time to buy $slb or shld we wait a bit longer?
@brentcelek didn't know you were a foodie! have a great thanksgiving to you and all the eagles! see you sunday!!
we just got good news on @vale! rt @peterlburkhard: @jimcramer  thanks' jim! already hooked on aap.
thinking same.. rt @jeffreygoldberg: there's no hanukkah without orrin hatch:
i know the value of $1.  it buys all of thestreets stock picks until #newyearsseve.  booyah!
no, rules coordinated with  $tst  @thomasjpierce: @jimcramer does your twitter mentions have the same #aap restrictions as #madmoney ?
let the holiday season begin; $fdx truck blocking $ups truck in brooklyn
i think we are filled for the holidays..sorry  rt @illini__jeff: any chance of a black friday discount at the debary inn @jimcramer ??
why? rt @rsalter27: what you think of #vjet in the short term? like two months out buy buy buy at these prices or back that truck up.
i intend to sleep for something like 56 hours over the next 92 hours and then go until christmas with next to nothing. sound like a plan?
yeah, cause tomorrow i kick into holiday sleep mode! rt @acestock: @jimcramer is in rapid tweet mode. stand back!or get whacked
kept getting frozen in the $aapl, can't wait rt @jdr1024: @stephanie_link @jimcramer glad to see that aap will be adding to $aapl next week.
no, normally i would have said read real money! ha! rt @hamilton4882:  @galenmax you don't like to shill your book??!! give me a break.
nowhere near where it started, not even close rt @hinkle_s: jim, you are wrong about ibm, it too has recover over $6 from earnings day hit.
goes much higher rt @daytradersgroup: @jimcramer great call on $aapl last night - awesome
nice $tst plug! rt @cwagner717: @dougkass @jimcramer best $1 investment you could ever make.  warning - you may get hooked once you try it.
$ebay too low, wait rt @redsquare27: @jimcramer i held onto my $ebay from aap. im down. should i cut my losses and buy some $goog ?
i don't like to do this-but get rich has answers rt @galenmax: any advice for a little guy w/ a couple hundred k in a 401k that'sl equities?
focus, i said they did until the last quarter when they got it right rt @brduquette: you did say $aapl "over-promises and under-delivers"
hewlett-packard grows into its role
@evansilva how does nfc player of the week palmer stack up against the eagles d? must i fear sunday??
thanks kelly!  rt @kelly_evans: jeez $hpq now up &gt; 9% - @jimcramer - 'it's the only safe enterprise play out there right now'
why, did i let a minute go by without saying anything good?rt @saqibykhan: @jimcramer it's about time you say something good about apple.
thanks to @evansilva , @fantasy_guru and @adamschefter for helping me get into the playoffs in the mad money schlumpadicka league!l
a nice cashmere sweater?rt @michaelsmigiel1: is $regn a buy? i own $gild and its doing well for me. what should i buy before black friday?
understand which hidden metrics really matter in each sector, as they won't necessarily be the earnings per share #getrichcarefully
nicest man rt @owlese: alfred feld started at $gs in 1933 as a messenger in the mail room making $624 a year
@evansilva sitting tavon for djax, fitz, and josh-am i insane?
funny: the haters never stop watching! @itsbarrett: ignore the haters, we love ya jimbo and appreciate what you do and your achievements!
no, silly, my guests did. q-tips?rt @freebalance: #erp as legacy?  suggests putting #sap and #oracle in a museum
everything's coming together for $aapl right now.. and no one is pushing it..that's the perfect set up.
i know, i know but the stocks say there is.. they could be right. challenging rt @bravesfan715: @jimcramer i don't see a housing 'comeback.'
very big $xhb breakout today.. one of many that says housing is coming back even as it did have a lull..
thank you. i hope you liked the $aa, $gmcr, $hlf, $hain contrasts and charlie the tuna analysis rt @bailey702: great show tonight @jimcramer !
they get hit and go lower rt @tullybrewer: if crude oil price continues to drop what does that mean to the price of  nov and nbl?
company's getting hurt by cloud...stay away rt @rdt_555: @jimcramer should i double up on $ibm or stay away.... its been painful
new book will be right 4 u rt @tammyoverboard:  just got inherited ira, and got all your books from library, which one should i start with -
always own best of breed.. it isn't rt @ckelly3: @jimcramer what's your opinion on amd?
thank you! rt @justincmetz:  all anyone has to do is read "confessions" to know you're a man who owns up to his mistakes. much respect
$rad can go still higher. much good there rt @7dustoldhead: jim was calling $rad months ago. it's been doing great for me! almost a double!
not as safe as a lexus rt @moneymartini: @jimcramer glw a safe buy?
8th rate $eog with low stock price... rt @pgraham42: @jimcramer i know your big on eog but do you have an opinion on kwk?
mostly disgruntled office-seekers rt @andycaldwell99: @jimcramer who are the haters?
into the bank rt @yudi416: @jimcramer where would you put $2000 tomorrow?
lot of time to relax later on.  rt @jarlathmccluske: does @jimcramer ever relax? would love to have even 10% of his energy.
tough call; bottoming though rt @codemonkeyy:  what's happening to intc cramer? i'm in it for the long haul, but what do you think?
and i am grateful for that! thank you so much...rrt @misselli07: @jimcramer i don't care what others say. i appreciate all you do!
i tweeting the big negative guys to show i don't mind, but my record is public andt i can take the heat. yeah, it's pretty good and i'm proud
i would sell $csco but buy $jnj rt @infinityltd: @jimcramer should i stick with $csco or switch to $msft?  thanks.
thank you? give to yours! rt @rhuntermckay:  jim -  i have profited from your recommendations. i repay my debts. do you have a fav charity?
the fact that i have liked $amzn for about 300 points means nothing to the naysayers. would they like it more if i said short it at $200?
wrong takeaway bozo rt @palffynyi16: telling people to buy something because it goes up .sounds like the housing market before the crash.
headed to the committee to protect journalists benefit--hope to see you at the waldorf!
@streetsignscnbc -boy that looks like $nuan
my take on hain, sprouts markets and men's wearhouse's latest bid
i grabbed baldwin! got fitz/djax/gordo though rt @cramersshirt: careful harvin played 12 downs coming off same injury in first game.
real bad and dangerous rt @vwassassin: what do think at #pennystocks for a single family? and what are the best places to find/research them.
i would go with $cmi rt @cyberslacker001: @jimcramer best china play right now?
huge fan of the common rt @seppenation: @jimcramer the 6 dollar calls for $rad must be on fire @petenajarian
well done! rt @dr_buckeye: @jimcramer thankful for buying $hain yesterday.  #madtweets
one of my absolute favorite stocks! rt @squawkcnbc: would you believe teriyaki spam?
sure! great way to create stock rt @nephilimbullys: @jimcramer i got ba on a call today! you think options is the way to go on this stock?
here's what i actually said
join me and @thedealnewsroom for #tde2014
difference maker--and at home! rt @adamschefter: 49ers will activate wr michael crabtree off pup today and he is expected to play sunday
no rt @mosesaintme: @jimcramer i believe your comments on this thing are being construed as positive...perhaps you want to clarify?
where are the $vjet flamers?? come on--i called you cultists and lovers of bubbles. hit me, hit me again ....
nice spirit to the hate tweets today!! sweet! happy thanksgiving
thanks robert! rt @robtfrank: @jimcramer says on @squawkstreet "rich people in china are really an engine of global growth right now."
classic note in its viciousness! rt @tlmontana: hey are you ever going to give me a profitable trade that lasts longer then 6 minutes..
sandler @squawkstreet interview told all ! rt @squawkstreet: men's wearhouse proposes to acquire jos. a bank
la dolce vita---best italian in jersey rt @belmardays: @jimcramer greetings from belmar
i don't think so, they are like trader joe's..family biz rt @seckhardt: @jimcramer jim do you think there will ever be a wawa ipo?
my gameplan includes thermo-nuclear war rt @richplatoni:  does your analysis take into account a rising risk of unilateral-israeli action?
ok, then maybe if churchill shows for dinner, otherwise the waffles... rt @flacqua: @jimcramer always!
loved the show we did from penn state!! rt @gpaesano8: @jimcramer boo yah from penn state
thank yourt! @cjp_teo: @jimcramer hope u enjoy your t.g. i am thankful for all your hard work on your shows and aa+. booyah and gobble gobble!
how about congratulations, enjoy life! rt @bmitchell1977: @jimcramer . booyah jim. leaving to give birth with our second child. any advice?
i don't think rg3 will make us stay up late like brady did last night....see you thursday night!
haven't changed my mind from 11 hours ago  rt @billyboygalley: @jimcramer bought tjx this am.a good buy still?
get rich carefully comes out at the beginning of january--pre-order stage now rt @danwachtel: @jimcramer when's the new book come out?
sticking by my $26-$28 valuation rt @rodney_bassett: $twtr took a hit today. is it undervalued? or overvalued? @jimcramer
really not much to think about. it will survive rt @strine13: @jimcramer what are your thoughts on $jcp?
so painful to watch..kind of sad ...rt @espnnfl: rg3 is just getting pummeled from all angles.
municipalities face hurdles in debit card foray @mainstr
boost your credit score by 100 points 
10 holiday toys: from yucky to cuddly
the third video for my book #getrichcarefully is up  check it out here
build a worldview of the macro forces at work around the globe so u can access the growth rates. #getrichcarefully
have you thought about blocking me? that often works rt @arbprofit: i purposely do not follow @jimcramer ,yet he manages to pollute my feed.
some great directors on show rt @cliffschell: @jimcramer so weird, just tuned into combat! again this weekend after about 30 years again!
if it hasn't dawned on people i love combat!! and not just the sgt. saunders version ! (i loved vic morrow)
it is fun for me.if i went back to hedge fund-i would do just finert @stellaralpha: jim you are way too kind by even acknowledging ignorant
this game of saying i have made no one money is an empirical one--and the answer is yes, and i am proud of that. maybe critics should watch!
how about 100 of them? rt @christhames29: @kiddbatt  cramer fans. lol! what a joke! name one noticeable person that he has made wealthy?.
going over $wmt---change of ceo... kind of radical....
very much so rt @jonathanmaxcy: @jimcramer hey jim. do you think the 4 horseman of biotech can continues there run in 2014?
$jnj rt @joey__101: @jimcramer if you could pick one company to open a drip in for the next 20 yrs which would you choose?
regretfully, sleepwise, yes rt @dougmcintyre: @jimcramer see the pats?
glad you read it. no one else has one yet. there art @christhames29: @jimcramer @rgletter your book is for the super-rich and the wealthy.
i don't expect a big pullback. oil market still strong...rt @whittcharles: @jimcramer i'm hoping to pickup $nov on the pullback.
the market has changed quite a bit-this book navigates this market rt @rgletter: how is this new book different from the others? @jimcramer
tough to be as bullish going into 2014 as going into 2013 given the run, but i suspect people will try to outdo each other in the bear camp!
oil should be down more than it is.. naural gas should be flying on prolonged cold wave...
bingo ! rt @mssp822: @jimcramer mitchell n ness jacket!?
thank you for having me!rt @jasonromano: very cool having jim cramer in the war room watching football with us today. he is a huge nfl fan.
that plus awesome earnings, sales, management... rt @bisonboy_51: @jimcramer 
is this why you like dis so much?
sure, nice spot!  rt @mwestb: @jimcramer reminiscing about great italian we had at vinnys of carrol gardens. ever eaten there?
i am tiny..at least now i am rt @fsctrades: @jimcramer @espnnfl how tall is boomer?? cramer looks tiny next to him!
fun both times rt @afeldmanespn: @jimcramer bet that room felt a little different today compared to when you came to speak a few months ago!
slice of heaven in bristol rt @jeffbruder: @jimcramer how cool was a football sunday at espn?
lotta panther fans !rt @jeffhaseley: @jimcramer @adamschefter @espnnfl that looks like a sweet viewing area to watch the games.
i shakin'rt @herbgreenberg: ive got a piece coming out tomorrow on my friend @jimcramer, who will may turn into foe after it is published.
hey, you gotta problem with zegna? rt @pam_k_brown: @jimcramer love you, but ditch the tie
some things best left to the inner-sanctum. i want to get back in!! rt @brad_brezinski: @jimcramer food / drink options? best trash talker?
such a big issue; it was chargers-chiefs first; then jints-boys rt @zedwar: @jimcramer what game has the sound up? how do they decide?
the mort report in person!!! pure joy!
with an american original chris "boomer" berman  @espnnfl , thanks chris!
@matthewberrytmr and the book we fantasy lovers adore!!
fantasy heaven with @matthewberrytmr @espnnfl
real life mort report; #espn!
pondering chiefs chargers refereeing @espnnfl
most dropped in our league.. more than randle! rt @fantasy_guru: donnie avery making play today for the first time in a while.
total break out season rt @evansilva: antonio brown is a tough cover.
idols all around!! #espn!
heaven on earth! @espnnfl
the wall at #espn for the one o'clock!!
if 10 year goes to 3% you will get hurt rt @lex_storm: @jimcramer would u buy #vz at this level?
$gild totally for real...rt @55chevynomad: @jimcramer jim, $gild is ok for a buy @ $75 ??
not sui generis rt @davidmoble: hey jim is $athn athenahealth the next
absolutely not. it would be at $60 in this market rt @davide7ike: @jimcramer is hpq a 3d printer play?
all about the new ceo rt @zakn: @jimcramer how do you feel about mister softy and the xbox one release?
@adamschefter about to break some important #ff news on @espnnfl
thnx rt @lach1435:jim - i like the action alerts site that you intro'd with stephanie.  also impressed that you ran the crimson. renaiss man
tavon! rt @thejakedenham: @jimcramer who'd your sleeper today? i need to get my lineup out of the house of pain!
bark, bark! rt @steelblues11: love jim, his insights, rants, etc but c'mon man, a talking dog coulda made you 45% if fully invested
of course, who hasn't? rt @darrenb94: @jimcramer @netman09 have been to odessa?
right back at you! rt @geejackson10: @jimcramer  @pdmaddock  hello jim--mover and shaker--have a happy thanksgiving from the jackson family.
all palmer.. good receivers...rt @captainsrogers: .@jimcramer @cpolisc @glassjoejp keenum or palmer?
honored to be a visitor at @espnnfl rt @pdmaddock: @jimcramer are you the narrator?
brown d tough but steelers still in hunt so big ben over troubled rg3 rt @cpolisc: @jimcramer big ben or rg 3?
@espnnfl -come here and you will know why fox's sports network will have a real tough run...it's about rigor and stats not just talent!
room to run, will be an acquirer rt @pben04: @jimcramer is sprint still a buy? lost it with a stop loss just over $6.
i am up in mecca, #espn for @espnnfl and it is electric !! these guys are the best there is ! thank you @adamschefter  for hosting me !
really, and the $3 million charitable trust i run? what's that? rt @jippylarue:  @keywestphotog cramer is a tv personality, not an investor.
yes, it's all done!! rt @hartman39: @jimcramer will the new book be available as an audiobook?
definitely the case..rt @burghdaddy: @jimcramer they are cutting back, and buying at costco and amazon.
excellent analysis rt @shanerbill: large cpg companies generally clueless. hain scoops up all natural/organic processors.
things i am puzzling over: weakness in center of the supermarket --$cpb, $k and the fall of processed food in this country ...
good e.g.--i have slammed $nlys endlessly on mm rt @keywestphotog:  are you believing in $nly at this price for a long term position?
i am trying to get to as many people as i can here but i can't write same stuff here i say everywhere cause i cant go deep here at all.
followers: if i don't answer you it is often because i covered it on mad money or @squawkstreet  or
brazil is horrendous. forget about it. rt @acaciocmokarzel: @jimcramer what brazilians adr's are your favorites? booyah from brazil!
romo w/full compement of receivers-romo! rt @wwargabrite: @jimcramer alright you helped me last week! is it romo in ny or kaepernick in dc?
investigating this situation. i don't like it... rt @mulla101: was the $vmem selloff overdone? @jimcramer
i do not opine on penny stocks. don't care rt @normmm__: @jimcramer im a young investor whose made money watching your show opinion on lts?
better than before...$bp better though rt @benjamin__clark: @jimcramer what do you think of dvn after the geosouthern deal? #professorcramer
still undervalued, yes rt @michael_fuller: @jimcramer still bullish on $bx ?
$mu lost the nand pricing, still has dram but might not be enough..  @jedi509
not a huge fan... but cheap rt @pbjosephs: @jimcramer you like $intc? been a crazy past 2 days for it
bingo rt @cramersshirt:  @atheistcoder it's a way for criminals to transfer money and for rich guys to gamble on the internet, not tough.
stephanie and i working hard on
congratulations again to @davidfaber for breaking the big cable story. wrote about it for
i was joking; gun owner rt @bwhitehead58: a couple days ago i thought i heard @jimcramer say he didn't have much use for the 2nd amendment.
my sentiment exactly... rt @adamschwalm1: @jimcramer how about nat stop diluting their shares every freakin quarter !!
from the get-go i have been saying $26-$28 rt @mnwildfan3:  what is a fair value for $twtr? was thinking $23-25, may never get that low.
funny, when i hear that it means i know i am right @atheistcoder: judging by your comments on #bitcoin  i don't think you understand it .
stop watching; you will feel better rt @pendensproditor: @jimcramer you owe me a couple grand for killing a solid and deserved ddd run.
thanks, i thought i might have been over the top  rt @nathaniejohnson: @jimcramer i loved you comment this morning @cnbc #makesome$$$$!
how about buy ? rt @iguana_steve: @jimcramer $vfc growing nicely into stock split. sell now or hold?
buy more rt @jdr1024: @jimcramer @timcook very frustrating to continue to see $aapl underperform broader market.
i have been done with $nat for awhile rt @redmnmguy: @jimcramer do you think $nat is a buy at its $8 secondary offering? #madtweets
the four horsemen of the big pharma apocalypse rule! ($celg,$biib,$gild, $regn) rt @beatgr: @jimcramer thumbs up on $biib recommendation.
debt collection skullduggery: dodd-frank gets real - @mainstr
great event @thedealnewsroom #tde2014
10 best craft beers for thanksgiving - @mainstr
zooming @rollsroycemedia wraith test-drive. watch @rosskurken channel #urksby for @mainstr
wow, $twc--fabulous scoop @davidfaber
shut up, i lived there...rt @mrwolf650: @jimcramer your sacramento comments are offensive.
last line of animal farm rt @f1jester: @jimcramer missed the pedantic animal farm reference. don't care about stocks but i like literature.
$10 billion in!  rt @turnerbrian444: "tarp has now been profitable for the govt." says @jimcramer
celg cheaper rt @tredogg08: @jimcramer $gild or $celg? both are great, which do you prefer?
goes much higher rt @mkoci: @jimcramer still long #bbva ?
$ssys has been my fave and is better... but these are cult stocks.. rt @alynch0237: @jimcramer did you miss the boat on ddd
buy rt @pharatsis: @jimcramer $biib buy/sell/hold?
no problemo rt @beckyquick: thanks for getting up early with us guys! @galenmax @davidminbashian
cheap, like the rest of the group! rt @petenajarian: ual- united continental, upgraded at goldman sachs, new target $44
very strong story brewing there.. really like it rt @sig_57: @jimcramer what are ur thoughts on intercontinental exchange $ice?
it was really about steve rt @semx34: @thestreet @jimcramer you have been critical of #msft all year, yet now you want to change your tune?
conference call was just okay frankly, not great.. wait...rt @mrflytrap: @jimcramer jim,is the sell off after hours in $rost overdone?
the facts changed..badly rt @emeraldsports: @jimcramer nov 12 u said that pm was inexpensive.today u said things r slowing down there?
always thrilling and well-made. best stuff we do! .rt @rjtowner: @jimcramer @americangreedtv looks like a good one
my family has that show, not crazy about it!  muted! rt @rosshorsley1: i think we should have an all @jimcramer network all the time....
real estate mogul allegedly steals millions from banks, friends and family-escapes. but is hiding in plain sight! 2nite @americangreedtv 10p
we loved $splk on the show!! rt @bobtweet97: @jimcramer check out $splk! 50% growth.
capitalist tool? $swk? power? rt @sanfranciscoba: @neilblumenthal @warbyparker  love your glasses - wearing them now - but cramer's a tool.
u found me josh! rt @fantasy_guru: josh gordon almost scored 3 tds last week. that and the rest of last week" plays: 

my bad; met so few people, aargh! rt @jonsteinberg: @jimcramer did you meet @peretti at dreamforce?
horrific--$unp, $bbby-- rt @dannyosully: .@jimcramer do you ever have seller's remorse? or do you move on without looking back?
still good qoing into first q rt @omahahappyhrs: @jimcramer @stephanie_link $mu is on fire, take profits or more room to run?
does your husband suffer from the endowment effect? @mainstr
what's the roi on education?! @mainstr
#jcrew fit for possible 2014 ipo  exclusive from @thedealnewsroom
learn more tonight! rt @stevessingh: thanks for being a customer, jon.  @jonsteinberg @madmoneyoncnbc @concur @jimcramer @dreamforce
use $cnqr? rt @meraldholloway:  @concur  @dreamforce  i do jim... best product out there for transparency on expense and travel. #df13
much obliged!! rt @_johnwalsh_: @jimcramer book has been ordered here in the uk and i look forward to it
bonds + the fed matter far more than ever b/c we have now seen the bottom in interest rates and they are climbing #getrichcarefully
thank you! rt @mbiker25: just ordered @jimcramer new book!!
bingo rt @mikef147: @jimcramer $twtr = cult?
lukewarm on the fifth! rt @jeffengen: @jimcramer how do you feel about the 14th?
i was joking about the 2nd amendment! of course i believe in it!~
people hate me for that designation,... rt @dfsullivan: @jimcramer cult stock! yes!!  finally!  amen!
great growth? great operating cash flow? no, not a cult rt @fgetman: @jimcramer your def of cult stock = crm, doesn't it?
nothing wrong with owning cult stocks as long as you recognize you are in one. cult=valuation can't be justified by any traditional metric.
re: three d stocks. if you really felt this wasn't a momentum game, what were you thinking? $vjet-ultimate cult stock.
thank you so much! rt @jeffbruder: @jimcramer preordered the new book on $amzn really looking forward to it.
perhaps it should never have been where it was....rt @ja_cobie1: @jimcramer $vjet is a cult stock, can it bounce back though?
very much so rt @sircwn: @jimcramer @cecil_iv is pandora a cult stock?
are you sure? rt @geoffrothman: i wanna be @jimcramer when i grow up!! right @tickerville ?!! #df13 @nbcuniversal
the 3d stocks re cult stocks.. i dont like cult stocks rt @jamtime4: @jimcramer $ddd is down big.  time to back up the truck? or stay away?
i agree with you. tough trader though rt @cecil_iv: i recently bought $ebay. after the drop today i still think it was a good buy.
how about never?  rt @brian_c_scott: @jimcramer when is apple going to buy micron?
cult stock rt @rsbwell33: @jimcramer do i sell or hold vjet is doing really well but now sank like the titanic!
29% of american workers would exhaust resources within a month @mainstr
5 retailers keeping video rental alive
thestreet's @antoinegara explains what $jpm's settlement really means
most (and least) costly states to go to college @mainstr
yes, new $cree lights good!!
break it up! rt @alexanderisgr8: @jimcramer hey jim, pitching my first stock $oxy to my university's student led investment portfolio...
i told people to short $leh--stay focused will you ?rt @golfhunter: @jimcramer and you telling us that is like telling us to buy lehman
i feel same! rt @garybinnyc: @jimcramer jc we gotta wait till dec 30 for your book to drop? ugh that's an eternity!
cause they are wrong?  rt @dregun08: why are people falling to  realize the true power of $gild drug portfolio especially hep c drug.
$orcl v. $crm...rt @ginzo10: @jimcramer forgot to ask you on mad money.  michael vick or nick foles?
$de looks good and if they could just keep their mouths shut and just talk about those eps the stock would finally bottom..
good read rt @orsocapital: tavon austin is like a cult stock, larry fitzgerald is a blue chip stock #very dependable
as they have the whole way up! rt @phippsjm: $crm touts 1st billion-dollar quarter, but analysts point to worries
tune in tonight! rt @gpk_guy:  i appreciate your advice for us home gamers! am i diversified: $ma $ba $pg $etp $gild
brazil's awful rt @tom_traveler: @jimcramer which book? s.america always a trade. $vale, a dud of #aap, still up over 25%, can't win em all!
would be great if it meant anything.. rt @dogoodforothers: baucus issues tax reform proposals @politico reform is long overdue
yeah, you are from st. louis--totally compromised ... rt @hampenvelo: @jimcramer yes mr.cramer i would play austin over fitzgerald.
yep, buying $tsla at $194. it's a no go rt @fantasy_guru:  @evansilva that's called chasing points, and i don't advise that, jimmy!
i was proud that i only got 5 hours sleep between sunday and tonight and did show! rt @liznagata:  @colinswood your voice must be very tired
would anyone here play tavon austin over larry fitzgerald? @evansilva ? i know @fantasy_guru thinks i am off-base. so chastened..
yes, just finished it this saturday. many hours--very long book. --rt @colinswood: @jimcramer jim, will you have an audio book version?
me too! will rotate... rt @hideflowcost: @jimcramer @wayoftheemptyha great book cover, but i miss the pic of you and "pop". #salute
new book in january-it will give you some long-term strategies to great wealth rt @wayoftheemptyha: @jimcramer do you have a new book out???
good stock! rt @jrstrom: just watched cramer interview @workday (me) and @yelp (@lizzierossiter, @lkimikos) on cnbc (@jennypwags). go us!
$bmrn fans--of which i am one, big win in front of fda
$yhoo with giant buyback--all good news for shareholders of this, one of my favorite stocks.
be patient but i think you will be very right rt @jdr1024: @jimcramer picked up some $crm on the dip today near $53.
ah, nice pack of lies!! rt @cvrowland3: what a joke.cramer never saw last two big crashes coming.he was part of problem he egged all to buy.
anything that puts the feds in the past for $jpm is a win even if the bank pays $20 billion which is why this stock's going higher.
thank you ! rt @kitson: .@jimcramer congrats on your newsletter's @minonline win last night... #booyah #df13
englewood cliffs, nj rt @a_double_u: @jimcramer i'm at dreamforce too. where are you broadcasting from today?
sign up to watch me speak live at #tde2014
want to talk about stocks with me in nyc!? enter the #nextgreatstockpickr competition online
#getrichcarefully: stock gyrations often don't have much to do with day-2-day success/ failure of the companies they are meant to track.
say hello to my friend mr. hamilton: 10 gifts for $10 or less! - @mainstr
$crm -yes i would buy it here!
why your retirement is in peril - @mainstr
did $tsla want it "formal?" rt @johnbolaris:  tsla requested the probe, elon musk blogged to clear up the misconception about the safety..
how about gmos? thoughts?? wrt @ccurby: @squawkstreet @jimcramer it's about boxed soup. campbell's soup not in this category.
the issues is success rt @coitips: @jimcramer  with all due respect nothing is for free re salesforce offer to build the obamacare site
no, $crm benioff could play for warriors rt @thereddotguy: @jimcramer how tall are you? 5' 2"?
who's fired up to the on squawk on the street!! see you then!
million dollar hackathon should be sponsored by red bull , $crm
my new one get rich carefully rt @bdog549: @jimcramer i'm 47 and want to know which book of yours will teach an old dog new tricks?
dropbox committed to the "spirit of technology" according to benioff, $crm at #dreamforce
whenever you see the tag #getrichcarefully in my twitter feed, know im talking about my book. #cantwait!!
good luck in sf!
$crm's marc benioff on top after huge quarter!
what pension plan managers know that investors need to learn - mainstreet
guess what 92% of americans fear @mainstreet
obamacare tax penalty: increasing public concern - mainstreet
all about $crm! coming to you live from the tunnel!
largest tunnel bubble in america for $crm! dreamforce! b
huge day ahead at $crm--are you ready skidaddy-coming from sf for the day!
a win is a win wherever you see it!  rt @johnbolaris: @mleif @jimcramer we both watched the game together just from different places..
out in san francisco for dreamforce, the $crm bonanza and i have to tell you that sleep is now a 100% distraction that can't be tolerated
of course, it is why we won rt @bryannj: @jimcramer jimmy, wear that jersey every home game from here on out.. thank you
thank you @deseanjackson10  and @brentcelek for a fabulous win at home!
cnbc rocking in the box!!
too close; too much time
we must not lose!
ready for any contingency though; break home losing streak at all costs
starting foles!
flying out to $crm's dreamforce right after the eagles game!
wore that one in the loss to the panthers last year rt @bryannj: @jimcramer celek maybe?
wore djax jersey to loss against the 'boys rt @superrfly: @jimcramer honestly this is a djax kind of day.
thank you! rt @geejackson10: you began my day with a chuckle, jim.  you never cease to amaze me....desean calls you 'a cool dude'....ditto.
up to chip,steve!rt @stevehirdt: @jimcramer 16 td passes and no picks, and you're still a skeptic?  you have a very high threshold for belief!
we use t ward's from newark-now chatham  rt @gregstl: @jimcramer damn right! make that coffee. elixir of the gods man :) #takesanothersip
thedebaryinn is in summit new jersey rt @iceraider12: @jimcramer looks like a nice place. where is it located?
wore mccoy when chargers beat us  rt @bryannj: @jimcramer mccoy type of day
going with the "?" cause jints beat us when i wore dawk rt @seedseries: @jimcramer i always break out the dawk jersey for home games. #retro
i have no jersey in my closet that was worn when i last saw an #eagles win at home. maybe a jaworski throwback is in order!
making the coffee at thedebaryinn . someone has to!
thank you for reading! rt @mwestb: @jimcramer spending my saturday reading "getting back to even" - finally digging in on covered calls!
flash gordon rt @wwargabrite: @jimcramer @nflfantasy need fantasy advice! j. gordon, k. allen, s. ridley choose 1 to start please!
@deseanjackson10 so excited about all of your success this year and how you are truly enjoying yourself. so deserving!!! see you sunday!
5 cities where it costs less to raise a baby:
packers 2ndary worst in league now..'cept maybe vikes. all that matters rt @ftlslacker: @evansilva @fantasyguru @jimcramer giants v packers?
just win baby rt @therealtastyt: @jimcramer i am doing a stock challenge for a school grade. any advice?
very-you can see them rt @bloomberg420: how different is $nflx's current off balance sheet liabilities vs the accounting practices of enron?
sell 1/2 let rest run rt @crispytx: @jimcramer any thoughts on $deck? caught a double on your recommendation! #booyaa
the risk reward is very bad for these rt @foreverfloydian: @jimcramer you don't like component makers? what about $glw????
#snapchat: a race for retinas, not revenue
.@thestreets @5gsonthestreet meets wall streets tiger woman:
tar heels!! mt @joedeaux: i'm spending my friday at unc chapel hill watching the top business schools compete in a stock picking event ...
ill be speaking at the #nyse in december for #tde2014 -
icymi: enter to win a signed copy of my new book #getrichcarefully in time for the holidays!
crisco-mean like low level shortening that no one uses any more rt @nperuzzione: @jimcramer @aprevans21 i'm pretty sure you mean crisco.
nowhere close to those, that's for sure rt @s_travis_king: @jimcramer where do you stand on $imuc and $snta??
crisco-not cisco crt @aprevans21: the guys at cisco obviously mentoring senior mgmt at blackberry @jimcramer
i like to stay flexible, frankly rt @briangagnon: @jimcramer, how certain is your exit strategy before you buy a stock? thx
limited upside unlimited downside bas call rt @cvgh_tech:  morning jim! sold dec 19 put for $1.20 on $ mu. good bet?
if a stock that's up 75% trades like crap fine with me rt @timrotolo: jim why does $lcc trade like such crap? digesting the settlement news?
not lost on me rt @kalpeshkapadia: @jimcramer time to put john chambers in the wall of shame
v-proud of my airline call; more ahead  rt @onbluesol: jim, took your advise on $lcc a couple of months ago when it was at $12.50 thank you
high multiple retailers are always hated; $rh, $ulta..rt @stock_addict: @jimcramer why is $ll so heavily shorted?! 24.7% of float, jeez
fine, then go short!!! rt @dividendtitan:  @danwachtel every time central banks go wild on the printing presses it has caused devastation.
i like $lcc and $dal much more rt @onbluesol: @jimcramer what do you think about air canada ac/b:cn. would you buy more or sell.
we love the baseball tracker rt @brokertimpodell:  #dominos $dpz      i went with #petethepizzamaker tonight what tracker do you use, jim?
good for $alu rt @dmdottley: @jimcramer is bad newsfor#csco  good news for #arun next week
still like $hd and charitable trust owns $low rt @eggybelt: 106% return on #hd since @jimcramer  recom last year. sell or hold?
at 10pm on a new #greed concert promoter who allegedly likes hanging w/ rock stars more than making $$ for investors
did chambers at $csco bag us? yes. should he have preannounced? yes it was much worse than he said it could be last q. just ridiculous
oh i heard every word..rt @shapadelic: he came on cb w maria and said business was bad back in august!  did you hear him? i think not.
honestly, why weren't people more appalled by chambers and his lack of professionalism at $csco. why no preannounce? why such failure?
weird that i was the only one who did. others afraid perhaps?   rt @rbach48334: wow @jimcramer just lambasted $csco and ceo chambers.
thanks much, a piece that had to be done no matter what rt @likwidkurage: @jimcramer great call on #aandf and it's "creepy" ceo...
rt @legalmamba: @jimcramer thank you for calling-out mike jeffries of $anf. must have been tough, but it's #reality. he's literally lost it.
not an easy piece to do, thnx rt @fanvestments: executive analysis on $anf  spot on! and yes...creepy @jimcramer @madmoneyoncnbc #madtweets
check out the winner of the 1st #nextgreatstockpickr
h2o rt @g1p__: i need a cup of whatever @jimcramer drinks everyday before his show.
all on tonight's show ! rt @ftbn_inform: @jimcramer any explanation why $afce sink?
watch the show tonight and you will find out rt @slt785: @jimcramer love the show, thx. would you buy csco on this dip?
do you think i'd have said what i just did if i didn't?  rt @danwachtel:  you don't see what the fed is doing as a problem in the long run?
$line getting one step faster to closing the berry pete deal--very bullish for that charitable trust name..
$kmb is such a great company and there have been so many naysayers saying how expensive it is. wrong!
$afce--opportunity? played out? love popeyes? tune in tonight!  #madmoney
why do i like $kmb so much? because it just keeps doing the right thing for shareholders; spinning off health care unit!
$wmt up shows you how tough the short side is..
5  great #askjpm tweets
stacy keach the voice of @americangreedtv looking for the mad money w/ @jimcramer
hp should listen to the signs and stop selling computers!!
only 23% of americans prefer a female boss
full-throttle driving may save you money:
i disagree, madden always had great insight rt @caddiekdub:  @cnbc yellen sounds like john madden. says a lot, but really says nothing.
$pcyc is not, imo, done going higher
stop it with the perma-bull chatter about me--i am explaining what's happening and who is in charge. stay focused darn it all!!!
@carlquintanilla the fat lady is singing!!!!????
check it out- you can enter to #win a signed copy of my new book #getrichcarefully before it even hits stores!!
get rich carefully; new book  rt @jnsaracevic: @jimcramer i want to learn and understand the markets at a basic level. where should i start?
love that place of my youth; you pour a good one! rt @abalducci78: @jimcramer jim it was awesome meeting you at live bait the other day!
gee, numbers are really pretty good there..rt @ftlslacker: @jimcramer @1moorefarmer $kkd sucks, other than the donuts. go with what's good.
i like both $dnkn and $kkd here. both, i think can go higher, esp. $kkd rt @1moorefarmer: @jimcramer time to make donut$
thank you! rt @tat2mic: love the #totmt (top of the morning tweets) when my son won't sleep. you are a good man and awesome inspiration
i loved driving a $tsla. rt @2laps: @jimcramer hang on! that is one red hot car.
hunger gains continues to night on mad money.. do you think $yum"s turned the corner?? david seemed pretty positive but he is a positive guy
the one thing millennials don't get about money
no fire that i can see! $tsla
watch me speak at #tde2014 @thedealnewsroom
could combined heat and power save you a bundle?
i don't believe in trading after hours. i don't want people to trade wild west. yes, in $csco it would have been good, in most others no.
horrendous rt @herbgreenberg: chambers has had a good run, but he really may need to be on my worst ceo's list this year. not delivering.
okay, $csco did make it worse. in fact it is, alas, a disaster. a wall of shame disaster.
$csco:for 3 years the guidance went the opposite of the headline whatever the headline was. sorry to be informative. lighten up
howie roseman, make the call!rt @adamschefter: ed reed went unclaimed on waivers. now a free agent.
$csco--do not trade it until chambers gives you guidance. do not trade it, please! wait for the call! don't be a sucker!
even as #housing prices rise, mortgage rates should stay low:
boy that delayed reaction to the good $pcyc news i was looking for was quite strange.. market hardly perfect...
$lcc/$aamrq merger wins approval  is everyone a winner?:
this is huge for $pcyc and $jnj! rt @adamfeuerstein: $pcyc each imbruvica pill costs $90!!
here @herbgreenberg is a nice update!!!
ok-how is this, sell sell sell-does that do it for you? rt @walthook: @jimcramer @ensotrader is this bubblish talk?
no, but many say it does control mert @jliv: @jimcramer priceline holy crapola! do you control the stock market? #booyah
$celg should be up on this rt @thestreet: celgene's revlimid makes stronger case for european front-line approval 
how much would $sbux be up if the check had been $3b! ha! rt @ensotrader: @jimcramer ya.  $2b...they have that in the tip jars.
then buy $vfc, $pvh, $rl, $kors rt @goldcheeper: @jimcramer @fdelpesce $m is the best in class for retail apparel....
@scottwapnercnbc talking $ua--stock is now back to where it reported that allegedly disappointing number. buy.
how about this: $sbux is up after writing that monster check. can you believe it?
better fish to fry rt @fdelpesce: jcp is making a killing today. decisions decisions. wait or buy. that is the question. @jimcramer
@herbgreenberg do you have a new screenshot of the market, as opposed to the one you tweeted earlier? i would love to see it.
this interview with $phm is totally eye-opening, @scottwapnercnbc rocking as always!
booyah! im psyched for my upcoming book  check out the 1st video for #jimcramersgetrichcarefully  #moretocome 
fundamentals of the money management biz in charge rt @wugubob: @jimcramer @herbgreenberg nice call jim. more green than red on my list now.
could be bottoming now rt @frostacrat29: @jimcramer how low is oil prices headed?
you just made my #ff year!  @evansilva: good news here for rodgers, nelson, lacy:
good piece coming up on $tst asking @dan_dicker if shale oil is a flash in the pan?
i love that place! rt @optionmonster: sunrise this am in indian wells @ renaissance esmeralda resort and spa
enjoy it while it lasts....rt @herbgreenberg: opening screen more red than green
big morning at post 9--lots of ipo activity and $ice merger---#sots
@tomkeene , what can i say, tom, @saraeisenfx is our (cnbc) gain, but you are terrific, too!!!
let me make my view on $sbux clear--the ruling is a travesty--that money would have opened a lot of teavanas! but $sbux will be fine
love clown reference! rt @latenitetrader: all you clowns in $clf, jim said he does not like it, he just pointed out that some chart guy did
thanks so much, givin' her all she's got, trying to earn all 700,000 followers! rt @drjayoh: @jimcramer you're awesome
tx, and said to sell half  rt @davide7ike: @jimcramer congrats and thanks for all you do! your thoughts on cldx here??
thank you to all twitter fans for putting me over 700,000. i love this community!!
$gs disagrees with me on the break up value--they are way low...rt @rsbwell33: @jimcramer  what up with rbs
focus, i said buy under $20, stooge rt @heiddog: @jimcramer pumping #gogo hard. i guarantee this %@$d is sub $5 in the next 2 years.
overseas markets stuck in negative to neutral...the key to today's trading is for oil to not break below $90. it's too "worrisome" otherwise
ridiculously hated stock rt @stlcards777: @jimcramer booyah jim. what's going on with vale today? down 3.5% on double the average volume.
great news for $regn! rt @tmaclaughlan: @jimcramer. jim, how do i play the statin news?
why #blackfriday isnt the best day for your holiday shopping:
#bernankes failing is an opportunity for #yellen:
i tell the haters to focus because most of the time the info is wrong or inflamed or just extraneous to the thrust of the animus..
the 10 laws of stock market bubbles, according to @dougkass
holy cow--$lcc -how badly did hey want this deal!!!
sign up to watch me speak live at #tde2014
rt @thestreet stocks are where it's at: @jimcramer's 'mad money' recap
it is always the same criticism rt @erikwill: @jimcramer i really do not seem to have any haters on twitter, and i am perfectly ok w/ that!
total agreement, bg!  rt @bgtennisnation: @jimcramer put a buy on foles and a huge sell on vick,coach should name him starter  rest of year
if you don't do your tweets and others do, do you still get haters? i figure they just don't bother with them. real people more fun to hate.
big hate wave again happening here. tiresome but will deal. blocking, tackling, throwing flags, benching and sending to jokers homes
taking my price target to 27, but, foles no good at home! rt @thebroom10: @jimcramer buy or sell nick foles and this offense?
huh? go focus..rt @tytakeshi: when #cnbc and @jimcramer are hinting at a market crash i doubt it happens soon. 
i said my daugher said it suck. you have a problem with that? rt @jotiavionica: but you said itunes sucked? remember that jimbo? hahahaha
$vjet--3d printing, piper and citi start with neutral... i know, very loved here.
seems very cheap...rt @freee_styler: @jimcramer what are your thoughts on urban outfitters?
hunger gains week continues on mad money tonight with more food!!
really don't like the choice-not fair.. very different kinds of stocks rt @tschleppy: @jimcramer if you had to pick one: $grpn or $xls?
pretty representative actuallyrt @106hdbadboy: @jimcramer i agree, they should close, i wonder how many banker, traders, and ceo's are vets?
mkt used to be closed for vets day! rt @jtlanahan: if us markets closed an add'l day every year, would there be adverse effect on economy?
the stock exchange should close today to really honor veterans. we could take our kids to hallowed grounds, like when i was little
just did a huge piece on them--gotta watch the show...rt @mattwhite26: @jimcramer thoughts on $atvi $ea before next gens releases
way over-weighted in oil rt @tdarling1:  was surprised  you sold your $esv with rising earnings and 50% increase in dividend. why?
people want in before a  possible turn rt @willmoffett_1:why are people investing in #twtr when the company has a negative growth margin..
we've had a hot hand in biotech rt @kpmccutcheon:  good call on $vphm...wish it had had a pullback to move from my watch list to portfolio
move on from $bbry, please rt @coolhandsean: @jimcramer can $bbry right the ship with the $1b investment and chen's no nonsense approach?
teavana will help take starbucks past $100
these countries are surpassing the u.s. economically
holiday music already? behold the christmas creep
how to get rich: the one big secret
retirement is a fantasy for many
who'd a thunk it! rt @chris_ciaccia: how @amazon saved the @usps
thank you! rt @aztecs99: yes, huge praise..best show ever @jimcramer @tusctrader: @xplosiveoptions big praise from cramer on fri  mm
quiet night last night as i watched eagles ascend to tie for first.. let me just savor it, you can take it away next week.. just basking..
someone tell palmer that fitz is healthy for the first time all season.. painful
i was going to say luck, but it was really no one rt @ryanrodgers12: @jimcramer  who is your qb today jim?
takeaway: team matters more than stadium rt @cwagner717: @jimcramer it's game day at lambeau.
some times you just have to watch the game!  rt @yraz72: @jimcramer still with the no tweets during games jinks... go eagles
intriguing that no one wanted me to play le'veon bell.. oh well, no more crowd sourcing for me!
you and me, brother! rt @ellisoptical: @jimcramer i need a big day from lesean and desean! fantasy speaking!
@espnnfl this incognito coverage is the best i can recall--everyone must put it on. you like sports? put it on. you have kids? put it on.
like the old days, talking sports at live bait; guys jealous of my #ff team!
i have said i like $fslr rt @sammybwenz: @jimcramer see any upside in solar sector?
yes, but it could go down a little but more... rt @osafolmik: @jimcramer is wendy's (wen) still a good buy? thank you!
horse sense rt @espnnfl: "a winner never whines." - paul brown
stacy is beast-master; but bell has such a great match-up. no coin flips!
in #ff i switched to match-up analysis as fulcrum for much of my decision-making and @evansilva does best match-up work!!!
good match-up for steelers though as, evan says! i loo at match-ups b/4 talent! rt @kinikanik: @evansilva @jimcramer bench bell
ask someone there, sir. totally untrue,cheap charge rt @admiralroadcap: i completely disagree with cramer using american veterans as props
they often turn out to be expensive rt @bjaekel01: @jimcramer jimmy talk more about cheap stocks $10-dolla-small-playas
expecting better quarter rt @stewsday: @jimcramer i take it you're not talking about nfl action.  steady rise in $jwn.  sell the news?
stock's a beast but needs gdp slowdown now rt @knightofgood: @jimcramer hsy has been a monster! - too rich to buy more? wait for pullback?
nah, maybe just insecure and crazy rt @jimpshepard: @jimcramer you are inspiring
@evansilva :massive dilemma: stacy/lacy/shady/bell/fitz/dejax/randle-gtd if cruz no-play? rb/wr flex 3/2-what say you oh sage??
no more than 4 hours a night sleep on any night cause of homework rt @jimpshepard: @jimcramer "vicious week" can we get a definition :-)
time to do some serious book-hitting ahead of vicious week...
time to do some serious book-hitting ahead of vicious week...
pop just called to say he was thrilled about the show! thanks for this rt @nikitabreznikov: great show jim. big salute to pop for serving!.
we said $ssys rt @itterichy: 3d printing companies are sky rocketing, which one vjet, ddd or ssys you  think is the best of the breed.
my starters !!!! rt @evansilva: #rams changed offense in-season to feature z stacy. what #packers will do with lacy til rodgers comes back.
something new and different on mad money tonight!
tweet me your questions @jimcramer using #cramerq and i will answer them monday from the @nyse! #booyah
ur welcome! rt @tom_childs:  took your advice and stayed away from $twtr and bought $ua instead on the dip yesterday. great call! #madtweets
getting fired up for this vets show tonight!
$twtr reversal not a good sign--overpay coming back to haunt people... register ringing..
impt mission thnx rt @oharraoh: @squawkstreet good job on the show. making this network entertaining is what will get young people engaged
ripping down at the opening. have to stay focused--at home watch $tlt.. taper hell
too many jobs are now bad news--i know, shouldn't be, but is
celebrating vets day on show with trip to intrepid! live audienve
be my guest rt @tittleturtle89: @jimcramer your a idiot if you think $twtr needs to be at 26$ a share. now i know to unfollow you
finale with pharrell williams for keep a child alive's blackball
carol king joins alicia keys at keep a child alive blackball ten year celebration!
i think you will get a kick out of my top about $twtr.. and then get blown away about oil.. oh and what did happen to $wen??
just a  so so close to $twtr--my fear...sellers will come out.. stay tuned to tonight. i justify the price for some even as i abhor it...
i am in a fabulous food coma after a fantastic lunch at $wen in preparation for tonight's interview with ceo emil brolick
pattern--first trade not top, one hour later--high for day--has been the pattern, $twtr
could you be more wrong? i don't think so rt @ynggekko: @jimcramer you're totally misleading the public by even addressing $twtr.
green bay packers--you can own stock-may i suggest you just watch? although not this weekend because eagles coming to down and seneca..ugh
twenty times sales for $twtr--no, no, no.. not a killjoy--but look at the rest of this market .. it can't be justified..#twitteripo
all comparisons are now off-there's nothing this expensive save $amzn, $tsla, $scty, $nflx--on possible eps ..$twtr--cult like
please remember it was at $17, now $twtr looking $45-47. $28 was my upper limit...i don't like this, and i love $twtr
do not want $45 -46 for $twtr- i lived through this twice now, 1998-2000 and then with $fb--please please please be careful
$twtr can i ask my followers to hold off buying here?? i said $20 billion 3 weeks ago and people laughed. now much more than that..
for the record, the banker for $twtr-anthony noto, from $gs, is an old friend and a total gent and i have never called him tony
@davidfaber with appropriate scoop of 30x oversubscription; $twtr
@davidfaber flipper paradise unfortunately.. sliver name--feels more $lnkd then $fb with flood of stock
there's a real cinema verite thing going today down here with the tweeters meeting the head tweeters and i beg you not to be tweeted!
lotta people in our zone today down here; may have to run a cover 2 defense to with shutdown corners here
no, wolfie rt @spoonx0r: @jimcramer do you ever sleep?  you are in fact a robot built to analyze stocks and possibly kill john connor.
congratulations to @adamschefter  for owning the most important story i am following closely--incognito.. so painful....
been a vicious bubble since dow 8000--how's that! how's that for prudence. get real
currency talk always overrated for stocks; intellectual debate/parlor game rt @kaigriebenow: @jimcramer the currency devaluation race is on!
eagles d may surprise with some pick 6-sit! rt @evansilva: rt  can't believe i'm considering sitting jordy nelson. .
w/o $twtr we have a ton: $cost (in-line) $gold--b/t/e, commerzbank--b/t/e and qcom/wfm w/t/e.. tons to chew on..can't wait!
i am a mad man and i do! rt @flacqua: do top mad men actually use twitter?
call in tonight! rt @bigedcoach: @jimcramer ok jim boeing, ge and dupont are they too close?
to reiterate, i sanctioned paying $28 and no more.. so do not get greedy...do not buy up in after market, be prudent; stay focused; $twtr
very speculative rt @db1212013: $ mhr - thanks for having gary evans on again, there is a great story unfolding there.  keep an eye on them.
good price for those in on the deal; rt @lulujoans37: @dickc twitterprice ipo $26   i think makes sense ~~@jimcramer  / agree??
$twtr--$26--two dollars below my limit of what to pay.. i am sure that people will pay more than they should; please be careful!!!
watch $pxd tonight rt @tbone88s: @jimcramer sterne agee downgraded pioneer (pxd) from buy to neutral today due to weak earnings. your take?
recommended it at $12, $16, $20 ...said ten days ago be careful. focus!rt @faulknermikej: @jimcramer your worst buy call of the decade $bmrn
great event @thedealnewsroom #tde2014
can taking long lunches get you fired? @mainstr
why i love wyoming! rt @bretgreen7: @jimcramer nobody blocking fracking operations here in wyoming. . .
$s won't quit; i say buy $sbac
love this--some clown saying i don't put the stocks i recommend on twitter. how about
go short it then rt @ftlslacker: careful, $open is letting rests sign up for free. could erode value. why pay when you can get it for free?
go fracking! rt @bretgreen7: @jimcramer jim you help fire me up too-thanks much.  brr cold in wyoming this morning. . .
no...rt @cramersshirt: so u think mullaly departure is priced in now? $f @jimcramer
sherlund says $f's mulally is gone--this would be sad but $msft's gain.. plus  xbox gone!--
maybe the recaps aren't so hot? i mean i came out like gangbusters for $pbr in off the charts--didn't like it all the way down!
sometimes the facts change rt @ftlslacker: @jimcramer  sometimes he likes a stock until he doesn't like it. you have to pay close attention.
pushed it at $15 off-charts; lies!   rt @b0ilingfr0g:  love you but you're awful - dumping on pbr at 15 now "cramer likea this stock"...
thanks! dual oil and biotech focus this week rt @dr_buckeye: @jimcramer thanks for $ cop + $ cbst love this week. #madtweets
please watch top of last night's show rt @marcspiz03: @jimcramer i can't wait to buy stock in $twtr big fan of "buy stocks of things i use"
want your answers to @cnbcfastmoney? we've got 'em at @thestreet
i think many are young and know i actually do respond rt @benstcil: @jimcramer how many of those trash talkers ran a half bln hedge fund?
outrageous and frivolous.. just a totally parasitical suit...rt @mdub104: @jimcramer any thoughts on the $urbn lawsuit?
top credit report myths you believe @mainstr
stacy=$scty; lacy = $tsla, shady=$nflx rt @rob_fisher81: getting fantasy football advice from @jimcramer has already made my day.
i have been behind $pxd for a long time. .notning new there.. $nbl very good, too...rt @sunnybhamra: $pxd so was that a buy @jimcramer
i hope everyone voted today! civic duty even if you think one-sided and doesn't matter. we fight for this right!
congratz to fabulous reporting by @adamschefter acknowledged by the new york times this a.m.@fantasy_guru , @evansilva
they energize me! thanks for this.. rt @dave27297134: @jimcramer go cramer! ive made a lot from your help!!!!!
bingo! rt @gheorge31: @jimcramer so bottom line, assuming 700 mil shares sticks, your top price is $28.50 $twtr?
just kind of tired of the defenseless receiver stuff rt @sainozdemir: @jimcramer why so angry this morning, jim? not very typical of you.
if it hasn't occurred to people, sometimes i like to mix it up...all in good fun for me,  bad fun for others...
the price that corporate buyers bandied about  rt @srussolillo: @jimcramer why $20 billion? why not higher (or lower)? $twtr
thinking same, but more honest! rt @elizabethopondo: @jimcramer $bbry is just another nortel!
remember, $20 billion market cap top for twitter and no more...too expensive above that.
yes, for losers who don't know this business and should stop griping rt @ito316: @jimcramer soap operas are still a thing?
@evansilva stacy feels like doug martin this time last year; still ford truck like. super duty style.
if you don't change your mind when the facts change get the heck out of the game. step up, be a pro, or go home and watch soap operas
$bbry if you pull tape that says buy, pull the tape that says sell. my record:sell $bbry at $70, $60, $50, $40, $30, $20 buy @12, sell $15
stacy's my beast-no rt @evansilva: rt @rob_fisher81 i give up zac stacy and cameron for gronk. .. perfect execution of the 2-for-1 strategy.
excited for upcoming $tsla short squeeze as elon reveals that over 7 billion people want a tesla...
ulster bank, (@rbs)  van the man, @manuscranny--all will have a strong 2014!! and no professional jealousy! (total morrison favorite)
ridiculous-it is such a buy and ulster bank will turn. lots of value there  rt @manuscranny: rbs cut to underperform vs neutral at exane
this end of daylight savings time is really playing havoc with my (non) sleeping patterns!
these oil numbers tonight are incredible..
the key to the 6ers strength this year? that i haven't been watching. just put them on--10 straight misses and a runaway.. darn it all
reading conference calls, watching #espn and
v-high risk name rt @prostcfc: @jimcramer what's with the kors selloff the day before earnings jim?
sign up to watch me speak live at #tde2014
please be careful on this deal-no paying over $20 billion okay? rt @mdcvegas: @jimcramer can u buy me some #twitteripo twitter?
ppr means i won the weekend match-up!! rt @wfanaudio: @bmitchelf @jimcramer @mikefrancesany mike doesn't have a clue what ppr means.
you would be in this for a sale, not the eps ..rt @chief60657: @jimcramer any thoughts on $tmus going in to earnings? #booyah
they couldn't work the machine--came out "rejected"  v-embarrassing and nutty!  rt @tysonb12: @jimcramer has bad credit??  wtf???
really don't think so rt @dennyc69: @jimcramer so is blackberry a buy with the latest news?
$lrcx is much better rt @whittcharles: @jimcramer ever heard of $asml?
find me people who played foles! rt @beantown_chris: @jimcramer and i look like a dummy for sitting foles in favor of romo.
i looked like a genius, at least for a half--for sitting luck..
some games are too priceless to tweet during-you can jinx them! rt @johnqmiller: can't believe @jimcramer isn't tweeting during this game.
that foles i saw today made me think the other foles is buried and dead...
come on, my kids went to summit high! rt @billbennett13: @jimcramer i thought madison nj had the best team in your area?
i covered the 'noles as a sports writer in tallahassee with coach bowden! rt @robert1288: @jimcramer noles? why? the  u has heart.
you are kidding, right? i all in hilltoppers, always! rt @juzjuzza: @jimcramer you buying or selling summit football?
total 'noles fan but impressed that the 'canes aren't rolling over
could you be more wrong? i don't think so rt @rock_rogers: of course after tweeting out your rave review cramer ate for free. shameless.
eddy runs a tight ship at 33rd and park--old tiled and gorgeous restaurant-what a meal! rt @annekbrooks: @jimcramer wolfgang's is the best
this is why we love you desean. you are pure heart and joy! rt @deseanjackson10: #striveforgreatness #10mode
fabulous back-to-back meals at the modern and wolfgang's steakhouse--park avenue  friday and saturday night!  and what great people at both!
rt @thestreet: twitter's post-ipo life will be about communicating profits
why i didn't play luck! rt @evansilva: my best guess re: #colts wrs = hilton handles most of wayne's old job.. brazill old hilton role
desperate for your weigh-in: bell v. stacy!?? help!  rt @evansilva: update for the nate burleson stasher(s):
i am proudly wearing my $cost tie. hence the outfit!!!rt @manny_ramos_: @jimcramer loving the #regis look, very late 90's!
rt @mikecardano: .@jimcramer talks fantasy sports and investing on the mike francesca show. great 10 min interview...
this soft goods rotation is so powerful that $mcd is up big since a not so hot report. that's the definition of power...
nothing this year, though rt @jritzog85: @jimcramer @heytherebob1 isn't he the best reciever on the team? his punt returns are nutso
very funny week that was tonight on #madmoney!
foles targets him a lot. i don't know about that trade...rt @heytherebob1: @jimcramer i traded desean jackson, good move?
u are the best! nrt @eliassports: thanks to @jimcramer for his kind words on @wfan660 this afternoon. cramer is the host of @madmoneyoncnbc.
yep, i am addicted...thanks for the help on bell v. stacy! rt @mikefrancesayes: @jimcramer not only loves stocks, he loves fantasy football!
i know, i should be crying  rt @matemagyar: i am sorry, but you're a grown  man whining about your fantasy football team on the radio?!
my pleasure, i love your stuff! rt @themattcamp: thanks to @jimcramer for the @fantasy_guru shootout on @mikefrancesany! #gooroo
people still shocked by my deadmous5 look!!!
want to talk about stocks with me in nyc? enter the #nextgreatstockpickr competition online
it's case by case rt @jwhiteindy: question on bwld.  service at restaurants is horrible (danny meyer theory).  stock going up.
yes many times...rt @commodity_kid: @jimcramer have you evr heard more analysts talk more bullish on the mrkt in general.
i think $bbva is terrific even up here rt @gary95762: @jimcramer bought #bbva when you recommended it on your show.. very choppy lately.
nix the vxx, says @dougkass
agreed! rt @carlquintanilla: on the board of container store: my favorite chef, @dhmeyer. $tcs
very true! rt @droidsteve: @kelly_evans as a layman, financials are feared because they are being targeted by doj. cramer's party....
:)
diet coke ..?? rt @lookingatthis2: @mikehubbert @jimcramer honestly cramer... stop doing meth and coke prior to coming on air.
work rt @sigleroy: do you post mad money behind-the-scenes info on facebook? how do you come up with some of your advice? what's your m.o.?
i don't know; i'm trying to trade dalton. rt @b_hauswirth: what's a good stock to trade for tomorrows payday?! @jimcramer
nothing like going into a #fantasy football weekend with only 13 because andy dalton tricked and didn't treat... harrumph!
an impassioned defense of old-school research from @briansozzi
the last ten kids came dressed as, like, nothing and then openly scorned me when i asked why they didn't dress up! no game at all
my daughter made it! rt @shift_travel: @jimcramer jim where on earth did you get the deadmau5 head? awesome.
get as much as you can! rt @carlquintanilla: the container store goes public tomorrow. $tcs
who is that to my right?
lotta kids short $gmcr! rt @sandycannold: @jimcramer bet they would like cash instead!!
older kids more in to the look
my outfit is scaring the little ones!
the best! rt @childlessa10: @jimcramer as an employee at ups i get 5% discount on their stock and i reinvest the dividends.  good investment??
have to listen to the price talk rt @vicodinkittylsd: @jimcramer any thoughts on the twitter ipo?
super scary on the set!
sebelius's obamacare tech nightmare @mainstr
think you can sway me on a stock in 60 seconds? college and grad students enter at
rt @thestreet 'mad money' recap w/ @jimcramer: a predictable pattern again
busy cooking with gas over $fb, $sbux tons of others.. while i congratulate #redsox nation and the cards for giving us a great series!
how bill erbey turned underwater mortgages into $2.3b, by thestreet's @dan_freed 

why is this game on so long??
gowanus at night; an actual delight
5 halloween myths that cost everyone money

sears has nothing? see this video
costume ideas for wall street types @mainstr
parental habits that financially ruin kids @mainstr
people criticizing me for liking $lnkd in today; has it occurred to the critics that you were in for 150 points if you listened to me?
i've been right for 150 points! rt @robertlm:: can @jimcramer goose $lnkd back into the green when he gushes over it at the top of the hour.
no! took some profits on a double--always say to do that rt @sunnypahoujadds: @jimcramer you're recommending a sell on $fb #facebook ?
look out for dalton!  rt @espnnfl: 2013 nfl total qbr leaders:
1 peyton manning 84.2
2 philip rivers 77.4
3 colin kaepernick 75.2
rt @thestreet 'mad money' recap w/ @jimcramer : major moves on lesser news
rt @thestreet .@jimcramer: i'm glad we sold facebook
@spencerrascoff any thoughts on $yelp, $lnkd??
best executer wins rt @lopezja10:loved the halloween props on the show very cool. i never would have expected chipotle at this level.
you bet! rt @jdbillingsley1: @jimcramer $afce still works for me love it! great growth stock! cheryl bachelder is incredible does it stop?
just got james starks as a worthy handcuff to the beast lacy! #ff day starts well
can having no $$  make you st00pid? - @mainstr
on foolish knee-jerk reactions
watch tonight's show rt @bsteph12: @jimcramer how you feeling bout isrg ?
#madtweets
yes, i think the selling in $aapl is overdone.. it does feel  very forced....my charitable trust would be buying it here.
zombie lehman bankers and more halloween costumes for the financially minded @mainstr
want to talk about stocks with me in nyc? enter the #nextgreatstockpickr competition online
bashers don't expect it! ha! rt @brianmulford: jim, i'm loving the balance! nfl and the market great tweets!
why are they so circumspect on this--scary rt @davespadaro: waiting to find out about his availability .. rt @trestinme: any info on foles?
yes, i used to make associates  work friday night when we taught class.. when were we supposed to teach? the daytime?
with my comments about foles, or bryce brown, or shady? rt @johnfarleyxc: @jimcramer helping the shorts get out before the q?
no one fooled by move to outside rt @davespadaro: expected much more production. i don't know ..rt @chrisenyc: what's up with bryce brown
we should never have let go jurgensen rt @ftlslacker: @davespadaro @jimcramer vinny testaverde is likely available also.
no rt @martychargin: @jimcramer can matt barkley save the day?
but dave, we can't go west with just matt! rt @davespadaro: i say no on tebow. talk draft when it's time .
how tweet it is!! realmoneypros @dougkass gets bullish on #twitter
i will make the time rt @ghogue02: @jimcramer $mu 10k is quite enlightening. got time to read through?
and, yes, the $aapl call was a good one...
got ahead of itself rt @benstcil: @jimcramer i agree w u on apple, maybe just a bit overbought going in?
one of the best !rt @netsoundoff: @jimcramer bristol-myers !
11 of the biggest rip-offs in tech @mainstr
@fantasy_guru out with one of his best wrap-ups ever!!! i mean everything you need to rock and roll!
being a boss makes you less empathetic, science explains @mainstr
a look at some cost-effective hybrids via @mainstr
want to meet me!? heres how.
had an ice cold one yesterday on the way back from the linc!  darned good! rt @willy92603: @jimcramer what are your thoughts on pbr now?
why santa claus is #apples next catalyst
$usb makes mobile credit card play with $mitk
estate planning horrors: don't let strangers snatch your inheritance @mainstr
ill be speaking at the #nyse in december for #tde2014 -
no decision yet rt @rbco: @jimcramer i heard celgene buying  mrk summit hq. prbly old news
a stuggling family thing rt @philipose66: @jimcramer your knowledge of condiment brands is as mine.  so funny---a ne thing?
@davidfaber went to taco bell last a decade and a half ago, but it is still a statement
bush thinking; elevate your game rt @amouflage10: @jimcramer any thoughts on $gluu? hoping for a short squeeze after wed!
not really; p-e x rt @arbrokerl:jim i'm an inexperienced investor and can't help but ask, is the dupont ratio analysis a reliable indicator?
what is your edge??? rt @baileymcgreggor: @jimcramer get some apple today before earnings at 5pm?
you're kidding me, right? rt @mechtxengineer: @jimcramer are you up to date on a ny phenom $regn
my trust sold some to lock in a profit (
you would think that $wfc would break away here.. no government entity seems interested in taking it down!
quinoa burgers b/c it's only weird if eagles win rt @bilmster: @jimcramer @droz what do jim cramer and dr. oz snack on during an nfl game?
yes!!! rt @lgreen788: jim i just saw this:
fabulous fun to watch the #nfl commercial with @droz and his son, oliver, in the box at the eagles game!
thanks rich!!! rt @richeisen: you're not fully bad unless you're kotitey bad! rt @jimcramer: i haven't heard boos like this since kotite
yep, jeff, bad football. rt @jeffberkowitz1: @jimcramer your making my feeble team look like a juggernaut
he's taught so many of us to take care of ourselves! rt @qtguy: @jimcramer you are looking slim in your jersey today!!! @droz must be proud.
truert @ricksharga: jim might be time to short directv. not sure how many of us transplanted eagles fans are going to renew the nfl package.
even a hideous football game can't stop @droz from having a terrific time in the #eagles box!
we discussed this in the box! rt @roanecomd: @jimcramer hey jim - i hear tebow is available
i haven't heard boos like this since kotite
the eagles make it tough to be a fan; glad there is a doctor in the house
bad game, great box! #eagles
will be higher rt @gyasi__b: @jimcramer is it realistic that twitter will begin its ipo in the 17-20$ range? or is that just hearsay?
i like $cmg but don't get greedy! rt @kapppy40: @jimcramer shorts are dead wrong on $cmg.. i've been long since $365
the pain of being an eagle fan!rt @illini__jeff: can the iggles get their first home win in over a year tomorrow.  @jimcramer ?
fine, but remember, $cmg has run a bit here!! rt @kapppy40: @jimcramer my stock pick is $cmg
calling all college and grad students, enter for to win a trip to ny to meet me and to this years @riseforum
@jimmyfallon has such game going to dalessandro's in roxborough my late mom's fave cheesesteak joint! how did he know to go there?? so fab!
get as much as you can on the deal rt @jfredwest: @jimcramer #madtweets ....the container store ipo? love that store. love your thoughts.
guy's a beast! rt @stocknut7: @jimcramer reed is an underrated superstar at tight end and love that i picked him up two weeks ago!
against the seahawks with no qb? that would be suicidal rt @southernrambler: @jimcramer put in zac stacy
huh? i am 100% $aapl rt @chaddutcher: @jimcramer have an android phone now? i thought you loved ios 7???
huh? i am 100% $aapl rt @chaddutcher: @jimcramer have an android phone now? i thought you loved ios 7???
it made no sense that $celg went down! rt @mstriciad:  $gild: e/r tues. you just expressed concern that gild would react to + e/r like $celg
always focused!!
think you can sway me on a stock in 60 seconds?! college and grad students enter at
have a question for me?! tweet them at me using #cramerq and i'll will answer them monday at the nyse!
come on, they have bathrooms rt @doug_zbi: @jimcramer i once lived in a tour bus...does that count as hardship?
split the company! rt @biscuitopequeno: what do u think about pandg splitting their stock ? with lafley back i think its a possibility?
i will get @davidfaber  to buy a $tsla
$amzn read fabulously... it must drive short sellers nuts b/c of the losses
nah, you are doing just fine rt @bradhales10 @jimcramer i have been buying san since 6.50, do you think i should add to it at these levels??
i lived in my car; it was a mortgage payment rt @doug_zbi: @jimcramer the appetizers at that place would make my car payment.
oh, and how about that panther d! @fantasy_guru , @adamschefter
every once in a while you have a meal so extraordinary, so fabulously presented that you want all to go: www.danielnyccom is that place...
college tuition falls: so does aid - @mainstr
$amzn is about revenue growth many want it to be about eps growth. but growth managers don't care. it is just the way it is
haters get riled up by old nemeses. tiresome rt @josephgg: @jimcramer jim haters are more vocal, supporters watch and laugh at them.
you watch the tape tonight and you decide! rt @jdbillingsley1: @jimcramer now does $dd trade up?
furious at them rt @kenpeyser: @stephanie_link @jimcramer looking forward to your followup on tkr after their conference call
$ip means the end of foam packaging one day! rt @emg318: @jimcramer there's something fishy about that pic...
in-flight baggage scrum: here's how to win @mainstr
how the stellar growth of #airbnb is threatening traditional hoteliers
love these!!!
401(k) savers go deeper in debt - @mainstr
what the failed offshore auction in brazil means for other offshore #oil stocks
@boonepickens with tremendous oil and gas discussion on @streetsignscnbc right now!
want to talk about stocks with me in nyc? enter the #nextgreatstockpickr competition online
$lcc, $dal really excellent. $save good too rt @billbigd: @jimcramer good thoughts on @americanair this morning
rt @thestreet a topsy-turvy market: @jimcramer's 'mad money' recap
should we trust this little bounce??
$celg-not an eps story; a drug approval story. not being glib. that's how it trades....
talked about them many times-rt @amchatton: @jimcramer how do you feel about the 3d printing industry? haven't seen it much on the show.
never left it; i believe in that management team rt @the_real_burg: @jimcramer you getting into $whr after they upped their guidance?
dear @carl_c_icahn i have 20 other companies i need you to send letters to!!!
all oils are being crushed right now. it is day one, they usually have a couple of day declines. we did not pick for
5 ways to stop the next crisis in d.c. @mainstr
retirement savings finds secret enemy: the biggest, cutest cramp @mainstr
how #apple outdid itself with the new #ipad:
thestreets @dan_dicker explains how to play #oils drop:
calling all college and grad students, enter for to win a trip to ny to meet me and to this years @riseforum
medical mistakes are the third leading cause of death in the u.s. @mainstr
bogus linkage talked about by hedge funds...rt @anneslimo: @jimcramer jc isn't the oil decline simply a matter of usd relationship?
the persistent decline in oil is beginning to spook people... how weak are things out there or is this iran off table for now?
sell 1/2-play with house $ rt @jeffferrier: @jimcramer have a double in opko thanks to you.   sell half and play with house money or hold?
then how do you explain today?  rt @nav_inc: not ur best work on tonight's episode..there is no breakdown in vix correlation @jimcramer
looking at $sbux, $utx, $cree, $brcm ...
young fella at the helm rt @phippsjm:.@madmoneyoncnbc  liked the $eox story.  interesting, adding to my homework list. thanks mr. @jimcramer
meet the $10,000 college degree - mainstreet
when investigating a stock broker, don't stop at google - @mainstr
im young!! --&gt;wealthy investors say 80 is the new 60 - @mainstr
do you have a problem closely hearing? toe cleavage! rt  did @jimcramer just say "roll clevage"?? something up he's not telling us about?
yep, i know rt @scottmillis:  did he just say that the president is taking credit for the oil and gas resurgence in the us? stunning!
biz needs it rt @anneslimo:  what about the usd jc? the slaughter affects us consumers buying power and corp. profits no?
this is a catch-up play. dave did a great job. buy -rt @stephanie_link: $hon raises dividend 10%.--
practiced correctly; good conservative strategy rt @delvecchioal: jim, love your show learned so much what is your opinion of option trading
of course but who doesn't do this? rt @gsmooth65: @jimcramer doesn't matter if you're an early bird or not. matters about the waiver order.
you'll be great! tell 'em to watch rt @team_valdes: about to teach my class how to invest tomorrow wish me luck @jimcramer lol
making some serious waiver wire moves b/c of "bye" week for ff!  early bird get the qb to cement lead in #mm league!
geno's ...then parc on rittenhouse square rt @billnoble76: @jimcramer it's my first trip to philly. any advice where to go eat?
$nflx conference call a must read--self-effacing, different..
real money rt @jcrichard1: @jimcramer my son turns 18 next month and is interested in investing. what book(s) would you recommend he read?
if u can get under $500 rt @benstcil: @jimcramer i'm concerned aapl will sell off after new product launch. shld i wait to buy after event?
$nflx is insane!! beat even my ridiculous projections!
how social, cloud etfs defied the skeptics, by thestreets @herbgreenberg
student loan forgiveness hope: these jobs help those drowning in debt - @mainstr
recovering from week 7's injuries
$vfc haters--not too late to cover your short!
@govchristie please come on mad money tonight and explain where met life stadium is!!!
coming to me in 40 seconds--$mcd, $jpm?
always a fan of coach reid, not a lot of talent here rt @eric_loeffler: starting to be very very obvious that andy reid is a heckuva coach
it's not been right to be a bear, here rt @reopentainment: why is jim trying to sell to me? he seems to be a near perma-bull. i don't watch
no, it's empirical rt @jglibota: @jimcramer your infatuation is admirably ridiculous
pop and i have seen nothing but losses for so long it is hard to clap and cheer when our opponents are 3rd and long-we rarely stop them...
truly..rt @trader_greg: @jimcramer the legendary james j cramer has been rendered tweetless by the #eagles today. painful to watch.........
52-week-low philadelphia fans--proud of shane victorino for once playing in our pathetic town...
they have gotten it together! rt @gerardjgonthier:  i noticed aol a few months ago.  thanks for the confirmation.  i'm going to buy.
huh? got down to almost nothing! it was good! rt @ftlslacker: @jimcramer admit it, you waited too long to put your cash to work...
it is a 2014 story, no hurry...rt @kiwidankun: @jimcramer $stj looks good. wait for a 5% pull back?
it will be great! rt @timbarreras: just registered for my tickets to mad money's veterans day special. big ole navy hooyah @jimcramer
inge is v-good rt @tpajarito: $3m hasn't been as high as it is now in at least 7 years and this year especially it has been steadily rising.
we sold a 1/3rd, good strategy..rt @roryders: @jimcramer fb i am up 120% a huge gain i have sold 1/3 ..
goes higher! rt @yield_juicer:  "great companies don't make excuses."  thanks for getting me into $vz years ago...awesome show yesterday!
those aren't done; thanks! rt @rickyt123: hey @jimcramer thanks for turning me on to the gatsby index!  nice ride with $wfm and $kors!
the secret: small portions  rt @dochamden12: @jimcramer jim, you cannot be eating all these foods, you're in too good a shape
trainer beats heck out of me for 100 minutes, 4:20 a.m. to 6 a.m. rt @ricktheant: @jimcramer jim, whats your routine to stay so fit?
thanks, yeah we stuck our necks out on that one!  rt @johnfarleyxc: caught an official double today on $fb. thanks @jimcramer
you had to go with these guys! thank you for the kudos rt @eddtorial: @jimcramer  kudos,  860 goog calls come through in the clutch
all i do is see losses rt @carlquintanilla: the @eagles are the only team with a better record on the road than at home (via @wsjsports)
great interview by the guys with $syk ceo.. watch tonight for $stj!
rt @thestreet icymi - the best and worst earnings: @jimcramer's 'mad money' recap
the chinese economic growth number--7.8% gdp growth-shows how so many were leaning wrong way on this one. more upside coming..
does the nfl network pan to fitzgerald just to make me realize what an idiot i was to play him instead of kenbrell. plus an awful game
both $goog and $cmg were terrific: $cmg nice acceleration of s/s; $goog excellent revenue growth
it's a buy, not a sell rt @jess8208: @jimcramer jim should i keep my shares of google or sell i bought them in 2008?
many analysts are down on $uri and $kmp. i think they are wrong...you decide after listening to tonight's #mm
tougher times at #ibm, says @herbgreenberg, as risk catches up with big blue
did the nfls blackout policy work?
this is where i am now rt @unlvryan: @jimcramer @fantasy_guru fitz will have a much better game. cards will be throwing most of game.
no homogenized rt @andysuffion: isn't that what the super-wealthy right wanted and paid for - no government or bad government.
but fitz torched it last week rt @madscientistrmh: @jimcramer @fantasy_guru i'd sit fitz as well
total agreement rt @d2moo: jim, there are a lot of us out here not happy with either side.  partisanship ok.  blind partisanship is folly.
my experience is that @fantasy_guru has by far the hot hand on #ff; however, fitz is lined up in the slot, not against sherman...
1 word:antebellum:rt @tweets4tom: hi if you want to avoid a #govtshutdown, tell senate dems to vote on budgets the house has passed. @cnbc
sorry to be so downbeat about the republic--but the politicians are so much worse than the business people!
now can we stop interviewing posturing politicians who don't know the difference between a stock and a bond?
don't be so sure rt @stuartspoonemor: no point following u anymore when you start spouting politics which is by no means your expertise.
as someone who worked at $gs i cant imagine living with a person who is so antithetical to all my clients' views.. #cruz
her husband almost destroyed her client base i bet rt @ebbitt: you buried the lede.love it. i didn't realize his wife is a wall street vp.
read @herbgreenberg  for answers on this, at $tst rt @brentshaq: @jimcramer mattress companies down; what's this mean for #housing
you missed nothing, good q today rt @mcnamees_luva jim: your killin me - just other week u said bac wasnt leavin 14 for a long time.
free webinar: trifecta! the hottest new service from
the student loan horror you need to know - @mainstr
not foles? come on!! rt @espnnfl: congratulations to @bengals qb andy dalton on winning afc offensive player of the week.
the patriot party keeps making me out as a tax-and-spend liberal. if they'd embrace my plans for socsec and medicare they would cut spending
huh? i want entitlements cut big rt @rob $17,000,000,000,000. it's all good jim.  you will be first to criticize pols who didn't speak up.
senator cruz won't hold up the deal.. maybe he's got some hamilton and $gs in him after all!
do you think heidi cruz speaks with her husband about how her clients from $gs will be crushed by a default? does she read $gs research?
crikey! this costs the u.s. economy $100 billion each year - @mainstr
free webinar: trifecta! the hottest new service from
didn't that pass? i think it did rt @nclobo: @jimcramer @mike_l35 their main concern is the aca which is one big tax hike and control. .
here's what i deal with people: rt @mike_l35: @jimcramer how come obama won't focus on this debt, though? .
hamilton as hack pol--is that the new rap for the insurgents? buffett as joker? lew as liar? hey, again, lets please here!
maybe we think hamilton and this debt thing--remember jefferson wasn't a believer in hamilton--and burr--well draw your own conclusion
do patriot party people want to say that everyone else belongs to the pajama party? if so, i am to please!
coming out hard in favor of the patriot party's view to "please" all of the people who tweet me endlessly about my commitment to solvency
it's hilarious when people guess whom i vote for! rt @kylegolfmtnbike: jim yet you vote democrat and obama care will destroy this country
much less rt @johnnyfriegas: how about government just spend less? crazy right? @jimcramer
here's the answer: it doesn't make it better  rt @jay_grub: @jimcramer what does a default do for the muni market
$swk cites government woes as part of reason for downbeat forecast in otherwise good q.
if you favor cutting gov't spending then you should vote to raise the ceiling because the interest bill will be much bigger. fact of life
it will force us to pay more while we make decisions rt @bostonfan137:cramer default is bad but will it force us to make the tough decisions
$regn's anti-cholesterol drug three times more successful than $mrk's zetia against bad cholesterol!!! holy cow!!
for 34 years i have been trying to help people make $--i know what's bad when i see it--a default. it's a huge blow to our country and you
i favor wealth creation for individuals so not rhetoric rt @raygmccarthy: @jimcramer tell them the truth!  default talk is just #rhetoric.
i am on @todayshow at 7:06 to talk all things default/budget
kind of a disconcerting quarter, frankly rt @keith_inchierca: @jimcramer wait on dip to buy $yhoo or buy now?
you like unemployment, too? rt @duqville: . @jimcramer i hope we default big time. would love to see 2008 all over again. buy low sell high.
they don't care any more now than then! no impact..aargh rt @suzyq76022: @jimcramer ala they know nothing! time to stand up and do it again.
my record is clear--i said sell some stock be ready to buy rt @skimoosevt: strategy is you should already be in cash buy on the dip!
raise a little cash; stay course rt @tdarling1: @jimcramer - i feels some panic setting in here. what's the strategy? go to cash?
why does boehner keep insisting that we won't default? please tell me what his confidence is based on. i want some of that!
i blame both parties but the senate has a solution and it should be embraced to avoid default which will be devastating. the senate's right
they do!!rt @glennc1212: @jimcramer i bet your show staff loves shows like these. free pizza for when you're done taping! #dominos
i went too long on the interviews and had to rush. i wrote all of that stuff at the top rt @sjkipness: @jimcramer speed reading that is
b/c we must not default on our debts rt @larfurnari: @jimcramer pls explain why u believe house gop is bad guy for not caving to president
pondering twitter going to $nyx.. good for both!
want a raise? you can get it in these cities @mainstr
heres why a government default is illegal @mainstr
heres the debt ceiling crisis simplified---duhn, duhn, duhn @mainstreet
i know @benioff is a fan of @angelaahrendts but this kind of praise is hard to come by! $aapl
who is pro-default besides these die-hards? they are "lost causers" but they can bring down the peoples' welfare and savings. kill housing
odds just skyrocketed that we will. senate meant nothing ... rt @giuliogiorgio: @jimcramer do you think we will get a default?
like me: hamilton, lincoln rt @jon_koester: people like you are in favor of higher diving board when the us jumps in the empty pool
we will default because of st jude med? because of medtronics? does anyone understand this stuff--obamacare--hate it like it -it is law
$bsx medical device--a dodge--just hatred for obamacare again. that's all this is about. it isn't about $mdt.. shameful, just shameful..
senators better stop talking so rosy--medical device tax. oh please.....bring on the default
isn't it ridiculous?  rt @bigelam: " $nflx trades on series to earnings multiple. every new series, multiple goes higher" - @jimcramer
kids told me that -that's how i know rt @ito316: @seemacnbc i believe cramer called $aapl a fashion play a few years ago before anyone else
david tepper is just so on fire, so fantastic this morning: praising bernanke; slamming those who would cause default; so thoughtful..squawk
next book! rt @mollykane3: cramer wish you'd give us a to do list that would serve as guideline for home gamers to do their "hmwrk"
totally focused and no longer lazy! rt @jlf_420: @jimcramer get to work cramer !!
not really; can always break up rt @nicklonginow: @jimcramer do you see yourself getting bearish on brkb without buffett ?
mineral de pozos--so much silver there! rt @phippsjm:  anyone saw @jimcramer he was walking into the hills in mexico, looking for silver???
good point 30 years ago rt @tdarling1: famas nobel work shows active managers fated to lose -
don't watch me if you are doing that rt @jiggynyone: @jimcramer jim, im 29 with investing experience. should i trade on margin?
hilarious, i wish i were bullish enough for this market! rt @sjosephburns:  now i've seen it all, what's next @jimcramer get bearish?
no but the media always says yes to this rt @sclany: cramer is there any guarantee that the house would pass whatever came out of senate?
totally recharged and ready to deal even with the debt ceiling!
wsj says deal within "striking distance." but were we in "striking distance" last thursday?
upgraded today!rt @banulis: @jimcramer is $amd a buy in the am with earnings this week???
at one point gold and silver capital of mexico..rt @phippsjm: @jimcramer any pipelines near san miguel de allende
benching fitz, going with flash gordon! thnx! rt @matthewberrytmr: icymi: was just on countdown w @adamschefter - "bad vibes out of az re:.
last night's beautiful sunset in san miguel de allende, come on down!
if you have to get married, this is the way to go!
at least people know i do my own tweets. lotta frauds out there...
i sensitive guy. can't you tell? rt @kelsmj: @jimcramer why do you care what they say?
you do 2000 shows think about how many nights you really did work in 8 year! my goal is to not burn out!,
vakay so key!! rt @faceplantjim: @jimcramer where were you today? get your ass back on tv.                    lol have a good weekend, jim!
thanks brian! rt @trinityassetman:  "politics" article - one of your best ever. honest and direct. this will change, though, it always does
don't trade, invest! rt @ewusef: any tips for young college student getting into stock trading @jimcramer #madtweets
proud to be here!! the revolution started here and hidalgo!  rt @elpapadeiker: @jimcramer looking good, welcome to mxico  jimbo!
80 degrees by day, 50 at night, pretty perfect rt @mhayden4me: @jimcramer looks warmer there than here.
i love it here so, and love mexico. fabulous place...rt @jcgayo: @jimcramer beautiful town and great people, enjoy your visit!
every monday i'll answer your questions at the nyse with @wallandbroad - tweet me using #cramerq !!!
rt @thestreet a glimmer of hope: @jimcramer's 'mad money' recap
rt @thestreet .@jimcramer: who or what will get the blame for bad earnings?
our commish weights in rt @kookie3434: "@jimcramer: liar rt @brodigan: @jimcramer i started brandon jacobs." post screenshot for proof
thank you! rt @thereclusiveone:  @jimpshepard your teaching of patience kept me in as well.also took your advice to have $ on side. thx jim!
$gps and $ltd were most important eps yesterday.. that's worrisome...
$cab has best crossbows rt @philprombo: @beckyquickcnbc i worry @jimcramer and crossbows do not mix...
i am impressed that people are doing screen shots that show jacobs that might not be photo-shopped!
liar rt @brodigan: @jimcramer i started brandon jacobs.
now i remember why i drafted jacobs in the first round five years ago!
greed... is bad rt @aronrudman: @jimcramer cldx = "the actual stuff in the pipeline is so good, we will not sell"
thanks for this. matters, believe me rt @jimpshepard: @jimcramer because of you i did not bail out before today....thanks
all it takes is a forged signature and arrogance for conmen to scam banks out of $350 million! american greed: the fugitives. tonight 10p cnbc
numbers go higher rt @geopitso: @jimcramer hi jim...what are your thoughts on $mu earnings after the bell?
activism!  rt @sawky: @jimcramer hi jim do not to bother you again, but safeway just missed earnings and is up, going to read : )
i love his hands! rt @thestreet former @nyjets wr @waynechrebet's @nfl to wall street move going just fine
that's like manning or brees! rt @ebut44: @jimcramer who you got? nke or ua
i continue to believe domestic oil and gas plays are terrific and it is still not as known as it should be
i thought that was a good one. thanks! rt @skimoosevt: @jimcramer like the quite golf voice. #cnbc
short covering should be over by about 10:15--but tough to be short with gop in wh. easier after when we get more name-calling!!!
rt @thestreet a gloom and doom forecast: @jimcramer's mad money recap
here we go--defense, vets, medicare, soc sec. no pol can go against the third rails of our life...dem or gop--80 million checks delayed
aren't you amazed how long it took for the president to play the third rail card and not the "wall street" card.
this is third rail day--lew now saying it's about social security and medicare-you knew this was going to be the argument eventually.
did #ff for stocks at old hedge fund rt @micahdickson1: cramer managing a fantasy roster is like managing a portfolio, you gotta do homework
if civil, game on!  rt @bitzbytz: glad there are cramer  haters,keeps market real. market would go nowhere if every one followed @jimcramer
i doing 1400 words a block; that's a lot!  rt @bisonboy_51: @jimcramer 
he may talk faster than you,,,is it possible?
at last the retailers speaking up. not just the bankers.. you want a deal you need $wmt, $tgt to step up. this will kill their numbers...
i have known some very savvy fed governors who could, indeed, run funds if they wanted to. not that important a criteria actually.
80 million checks to all sorts of people not just dems!
btw, it's no longer about dems and gop any more. it is about 80 million american families not getting checks. we have to lose dem/gop labels
felt exactly the same!! so glad you liked it! rt @jedi509: @jimcramer great segment w/chris tonight. i hope his hunch is right.
it would be irresponsible to be in a vacuum rt @ragincajunusa:  you say youre not a political guy, but mm becoming more and more political
#ff horror show! rt @adamschefter: in a 24 hour-stretch, season officially ended for julio jones, ahmad bradshaw and mark sanchez.
take two clozapine and see me in the morning at 9 a.m. on sots rt @jedi509: @jimcramer do i need to break out the anti-depressants?
i want my mobeam! tonight with ben dupont, the first u.s. shopping phone !
thank you.. ok yellen didn't run a business. she did public service rt @mike_l35: @kendiesel @jimcramer @chrisporterd haha fair enough
fabulous stuff! rt @bcappelbaum: meet janet yellen: my new profile of the fed's new leader. 

@dougkass nothing's changed. being attacked for liking a fine american like yellen.. these people would bad mouth einstein, ben franklin...
okay, hit me for liking yellen. attack me. all she has done is everything you want your kid to be. anyone have any kids? u know what i mean
i could sue president to enforce 14th rt @davidgaffen: jimcramer but the hostage analogy cannot be ignored.14th amendment solution possible
believe me, my 20% technical default is a "way out there" prediction. people here say it is consensus. how can people be so clueless?
prez no clean on this either. rt @chrisporterd: @jimcramer if you spent 1/2 the time u complain abt gop hold prez account 4 comments
don't see one, unfortunately..rt @106hdbadboy: @jimcramer i make them a deal they could not refuse.
#ff nightmare! rt @adamschefter: rain it pours: falcons concerned wr  white could miss at least one game, possibly more,
of course they can; not the point. come on rt @ftlslacker: @jimcramer is wrong. they can pass a 7 day extension if they're close to a deal
mr. todd's wild ride!!! rt @mikea139: @jimcramer more like stuck in disney land
bye @boonepickens --love your stuff! stay the course.. total knowledge man....
if i were eisner i would have talked about what mr. white would do in d.c.  a little more relevant. gop would cut off saul's funding btw
hyman roth would never have let this thing to get so out of hand in washington. it's the business that the house has chosen!!!
ask yourself why do you own it? rt @gbwallst: @jimcramer what do i do with my $fb shares? long from $38
best story out there! rt @hedgethestreet: our production is increasing exponentially, good to see us taking advantage of domestic energy.
@boonepickens could not be more right about oil, tech, and the importance of independence as well as how much we have!
welcome back @dougkass and lets hope civility prevails on twitter
@govchristie has had to fight incredible headwinds to create and bring jobs to nj.. and he is doing it.. just think pharma cuts v. chris!
@morning_joe --going right to the heart of the matter...default
@morning_joe coming up in 7 minutes--tune it in, so much to talk about : yellen, debt ceiling.. default?
i am surprised how disappointing that stock's beenrt @mrflytrap: @jimcramer jim, how attractive is $gsk with its potential malaria vaccine..
kind of a toss-up there.. rt @miguelit09: @jimcramer @danamattioli men's warehouse is ghetto. jos a bank is legit.
i am on @morning_joe at the top of the hour, 6 a.m. edt to talk all things ceiling!
would make so much sense! rt @danamattioli: jos. a bank has approached men's wearhouse about merging:
prepping for $aa which i liked very much..
funny to think about roberto clemente today. can't believe how special he was. beautiful on and off the field. what a fabulous man
why i love the pirates: because roberto clemente was my favorite non-phillies player ever other than koufax.
need to know the ceo rt @soontobehof: @jimcramer what're your thoughts on msft?  should i get in before the holiday season?
i big pirate fan rt @montgomeryj88: @jimcramer the cardinals would love to hear you say they're out! #motivation #cardiaccards
going in to today show now, and then later will be on @squawkstreet of course
i study hard when i am going on today... it is a hugely important show..rt @baldycattle: @jimcramer do you ever sleep???
the fed rt @dougmcintyre: @jimcramer does anyone actually buy u.s. debt if there is a default
buy $vale rt @manuscranny: commodities-morgan stanley increased its iron ore forecasts $130  q1 2014-up$5 and $120 q2 up from $117
i will be on the today show at the top of the show (7:03-7:05) talking about the economic impact of failing to raise the  debt ceiling
i take it back! rt @sandrarose: rt @jimcramer falcons bodies now inhabiting falcons uniforms &lt;&lt; you spoke too soon.
honestly, this falcon team just feels very different... this team was unbeatable these last couple of years in regular season. jj still fab
could there be a bigger lie? rt @fuggenduffy: @jimcramer says go to cash!!! read his recent tweets!
best soundtracks ever! rt @espnnfl: the jets stuff the falcons and hold. gang green defense!!
$gme is a terrific story. one of the best  rt @thenewsdrums: @jimcramer great intvw with $gme's raines.  nice work, big jim.
for a bit, yes, which is why we raised cash rt @slammv: @thestreet @jimcramer  yo jim everyone bailed today this a sign of things to come
sit tight and wait a bit..no hurry...right side of trade though rt @dtcrackmusic: @jimcramer i have a bunch of cash; so what's the play?
looking forward to speaking to $xec and $gme ceos. talk about two strong stocks in this market...
i wish i could be as confident as others about the "no" default dogma...
just a great person rt @williamalden: my obituary of karen strauss cook, the first woman to work as a trader at $gs
familiar with it  rt @ragincajunusa: @jimcramer gop duly elected majority in the peoples house.  ever read the constitution?  #madtweets
best #eagles summary i've seen:rt @davespadaro: the day after the win over new york, some thoughts on the #eagles ...

fiscally prudent irresponsible rejectionists who  defy majority rule in principle are creating havoc/creating hope with debt ceiling/floor
shoe phone next from samsung?? chief platt saying samsung in cone of silence.. where the heck is agent 99 as phone spokesperson!??
"prioritization" is the new buzzword post default
wapo coverage has 1. article that says gop might capitulate and 2. that gop will  not budge and default coming.. both above the fold!!!
total bucket list rt @lilwillzz28: @jimcramer u outta come to the clemson florida state game oct 19th. will be epic
how do we know that the rejectionist wing of the gop doesn't want the financial apocalypse?
i have never hid my love for coach reid; so glad! rt @tradex97: @jimcramer what do u think about andy reid sweeping the nfc east this year?
we were kind of joking about all of that candy--it headed to my daughter's dorm! rt @stock_addict: @jimcramer how were your mint mandm's ?
what a turn around.. however, with eagles you can't rule out manning--not kidding.. 8 minutes
dave, why are you jinxing us!??? rt @davespadaro: nice 4th q, wouldn't you say?.. rt @acmusic7: i'm so sick with this eagles defense
all new defense--since curry came in rt @farleyglobal: well well well a pick and a quick td. @jimcramer must be happy and cautiously optimistic.
then they sell em off on new deal rt @propdeskjunkie: @jimcramer interesting given your friday column was short covering on fear of a deal
worse second half d rt @cts49: @jimcramer: r iggles going to hold on?
no, this one goes to the jints rt @biotechwill: @jimcramer eagles going to pull it off?  hard to tell which team wants it less today...
remember i love people betting against me, too. always takes two sides. it 's no fun without naysayers and catcallers with no manners!!!
i have been right, that's the game rt @longshort: oh ur not bullish?must mean we are going bigger then. let me know wen ur finally bullish,
you just get back to even rt @ftlslacker: @jimcramer there is no path. it will just happen. if you're in cash when it comes, you lose big.
very well done. that's been the plan! rt @vfirebird:  great call!  raised more cash friday on the pop.  we've got another week of this.
i continue to see no easy path to a deal which is why i thought friday was short covering
never crazy about coming home for new orleans but all parents weekends must end
best in show  rt @tigernbham: @jimcramer booyah jim!! isn't that a fantastic museum in n.o.? hope you've seen the movie also!!
war clouds over war museum nola
fabulous new exhibit at wwii museum!
is it ever possible to have enough candy? at $wag near hotel monteleone
mt @herbgreenberg terrific read ... @dan_freed recalls his wonder years working at the original potbelly $pbpb
yep, playing hooky with daughter down in nola.. hurricane karen joining us!!
wire and #bb-tied rt @smitty230: @petedominick even @jimcramer knows the wire is the greatest show ever made. have you gotten to it yet?
$rh not!!!
past is prologue rt @kierkegaarddtf: @bree_kelly @jimcramer i do not like jim cramer's style, but i understand his past.
v-high risk strategy though rt @christian_knott: @jimcramer that is a solid amount from just two players and should serve as a nice cushion
thanks to you and many other well-wishers! rt @a_contrarian: @jimcramer congrats on the 2000th show.
.@jetblues ceo tells @thestreets @tedreednc about the airlines big transcon plans
by the boatload, that's how rt @billtitlepro: @jimcramer how does twitter make money?
people will love twitter mobile/social monetization. but price will be everything.. lets not go crazy.
the politicians have turned made this market look mickey mouse, tonight!
why investors are fleeing the beltway bandits, by @thedealnewsroom
.@thestreets @herbgreenberg warns that #neustar could fall
when i studied law i agree with critics here on the 14th; but potus can bring the case; he can lose, but he can bring it
missing the point: potus free to argue the point; that's how it works rt @therealhorse: missed that part of the amendment..
golden bear on squawk on the street!!!
you think other presidents don't feel that way? rt @upbeatinvesting: @jimcramer "if the president does it, it is legal". nixon
recommended at $10-sorry rt @herbgreenberg: to  $dpz: just b/c you like a company's product doesn't mean you should like the stock
so far i am out of my mind for 1. liking $dpz pizza, 2. agreeing with buffett and clinton in ceiling and 3. understanding 14th amendment
this is precisely what i mean! rt @petenajarian: a few hitting new highs this morning,:
ua
sina
sohu
nflx
amzn
here's the way a lawsuit works: the president argues we must pay interest under the 14th amendment; the court may disagree
you did rt @prolibertydude:  guess i must have missed the part in the constitution that states "subject to presidential interpretation"
couldn't because of mm2k rt @tdarling1: @jimcramer - did you have an off the charts segment this week?
not my call... rt @aj_my_tweets: @jimcramer  the recent podcast are audio only and no video. is this an error
what a fabulous company you have! thanks much  rt @popsalks: congrats @jimcramer on 2k episodes. $alks is a big fan of you and @madmoneyoncnbc
courtesy the mother ship!
i am happier than i look; network gave us the best cupcakes!
best staff in the world!!
with fabulous executive producer regina gilgan!!
i just might do that! rt @mcartsymike: @jimcramer congrads on 2000 shows. go for 3000 jim, we need ya ! :)
thanks rich, thank you $kmp! rt @kinder_morgan: congrats! rt @jimcramer: a congratulatory gift from the nyse!!
a congratulatory gift from the nyse!!
how the government #shutdown affects your real estate deal
rt @cnbcsocial: who rang the closing bell for the nyse today? @jimcramer and the @madmoneyoncnbc team!
practice makes perfect! rt @gary500k: @jimcramer maybe you should do it every day. almost got the sandp and nasdaq back to even.
we are practicing ringing the closing bell and i am nervous as all get out!
asset sales may help #jpmorgans image makeover, by @thedealnewsroom
yep, thinking same rt @nunuvurdotbiz: @jimcramer, we must be mind meld. i picked up browns d and i also have kenbrell and wayne..sitting both,
on a lighter note, i picked up the browns d too easily in my league...kind of weighing on me. plus kenbrell v. desean v. wayne-must sit 2
okay, where were those buyers from yesterday? hello??
#lgs g2 smartphone is #androids new top dog, says @antonwahlman
my ford fairmont was a silver one with a red stripe. it was an automatic.. it had a terrific back seat for sleeping
thank you so much everyone who joined us at the $nyx for #mm2k! you are terrific!
thestreets @chris_ciaccia looks at whats really behind $fbs growth
#ford  gains, #gm loses, as us auto sales decline 5%
monster good stuff from @scottwapnercnbc on @carl_c_icahn and $aapl!
oh please, you have no idea whom i vote for, believe me rt @tradercurt: @jimcramer you spouting your political views makes me tune out
i favor smaller government, less regulation but alex hamilton was right about not messing with bonds.
show is rocking this a.m. for certain!
1000th show was april 9, 2009--different market. will talk about it tonight.
thank you all so much for your congratulations and kind words on #mmk2.. it's been a long haul. when you have no co-host they rack up!
we are setting up for the show across from the exchange and it is awesome. i need to see you there for #mm2k. it will be huge fun!
thanks! rt @chn911: @jimcramer booyah mr cramer. congrats on mm2k! you've made us all better investors and put smiles on our faces. priceless.
one hour to #today. and 10 hours to 2000th show downtown in front of the exchange. come see it made!
we are talking about government shutdown and impact on markets #today rt @teebird27: @jimcramer what is the today show piece about?
getting fired up for #mm2k, our 200th mad money show! also studying for 7:05 (edt) piece on today show. market's thinking short furlough
skeedaddy writing b block!! rt @jedi509: @jimcramer get some rest skeedaddy.
your stuff is fabulous!! i sat kenbrell, fitz and bell. fire me! graham lighting it for me tho rt @fantasy_guru: @jimcramer congrats, jimmy!
see you tomorrow for the big 2000th show! can you believe it? mad money is the 2000 day old man!
total agreement! rt @liznagata: @davidfaber @jimcramer great interview with a great man.  david, here's to you!.
and i will be on the today show tomorrow at the top of the hour talking about the shutdown/debt ceiling and the impact on the market
why alan mulally will stay at #ford, by thestreets @tedreednc
how to avoid the tax mandate on obamacare @mainstr
here is the number 1 place to retire outside the u.s. @mainstr
how the government shutdown will affect you @mainstr
how a government #shutdown would hurt the housing market
why your state may pay for your college education? @mainstr
anything's possible. president can go to scotus tho rt @clos16751: @jimcramer is it possible for the usa to default???
the big issue, again, is why aren't we down more? why is #vix only at $15 and change?
no disagreement rt @craigscott31: i will say it again. given italy turmoil, us calamity and poor china pmi, $spx should be down 20+ handles.
i have been saying for a couple of weeks now that i don't liek the set up. rt @mulla101: @jimcramer market heads down all week??
waiting to hear now how smart bernanke was not to taper because of the shutdown..lots for sale today in industrial world
i pledge allegiance to no spoilers for #breakingbad!
always been big cleveland fan from feller days rt @mikeammo: @jimcramer i'll make you an honorary clevelander if you'd like! #tribe #browns
pop and i have lowered our expectations and are adopting a wait until 2014 attitude....
#eagles-# broncos final score not as close as it looks
i would rather talk about tapering than watch this #eagles game.
please sit peyton, please!!
no, that's the problem; i am sober  rt @paulwoll: @jimcramer are you drunk?
i miss andy reid. there, i said it. go #chiefs
government shutdown painless versus this eagles game. bring it on.
i am getting condolence calls from people who don't even like me. we are the scout team!
one team isn't for certain rt @rmaslikhov: @jimcramer yeah jim, this isn't 9 year old girls, sir. :)
the nfc east is the least rt @jeffberkowitz1: @jimcramer already have turned off more giants game this season than any other
would it be too much to ask peyton to go easy? when i coached 9 year old girls and we got ahead big we would stop running up the score....
he has a team helping him rt @espnnfl: peyton manning = greatness!!
i never miss an #eagles game and i never turn them off, but, frankly, i would rather go do a show...
triple despondency: #ff, #eagles, $spx, reading charts while watching #eagles and listening to merrill and just glad for #bb; #homeland
maybe it is good that i can't see this #eagles game...
welcome back to the fabulous chris berman @espnnfl and so sorry for your loss. your dad sounded like a great man..
i am a huge @espn_colin fan! along with all of the espners! rt @dlstwit: @jimcramer @espn_colin sarcasm?
@stephanie_link and i will do our best for you!! thanks rt @rustyajackson: @jimcramer just became an aap subscriber, can't wait to dive in!
hard shows! rt @thenewsdrums: @jimcramer eureka!  the past two shows have been absolute gold mines for me.  thanks for sharing your finds.
no that i know of rt @phillysoc:@sheilkapadia @zberm @roobcsn @govedrendell @jimcramer did @eagles change anything to prep for tom? #nervous
merci, chief! ,rt @pierrebouillon4: @jimcramer @nyse grace a vous , j' ai augment mon savoir 3 x
un vrai bon coach.
just finished episode #1998! we want to celebrate 2000 w/ u #cramerica! join us at the @nyse oct. 1!
come on down to the $nyx tuesday for the big show!!! we outside!!! rt @jglibota: @jimcramer congrats jimbo! #mm2k
stick with $wfm rt @davidcab: @jimcramer thoughts on tfm
should be thursday rt @jbird_10: @jimcramer is there a date set for potbelly to be released? i'm ready to own it #madtweets
should be thursday rt @jbird_10: @jimcramer is there a date set for potbelly to be released? i'm ready to own it #madtweets
beware of the obamacare con @mainstr
looking forward to this as much as i was football! rt @thestreet dissecting the @sho_homeland phenomenon
top 6 mistakes millennials make on the job hunt @mainstr
2000- so exciting!thnxrt @chlorine_cowboy:  jim, you are doing an amazing job. what you say here is true. happy 2000 #madmoney anniversary.
huh? isn't it clear that i like them both? did you even watch? rt @sheetsm: @jimcramer $dnkn will always be better than your beloved $sbux.
ready skidaddy rt @herbgreenberg: damn you @jimcramer and your announced stocks. stay tuned.....
yes, many similarities rt @ksgddyup: @jimcramer all this cloud stuff reminds me of b2b in '00. (was a pig in $icge got slaughtered)
i do a daily show. when i sense things have changed i tell you. i can't stick by what i no longer believe in, please, this isn't politics
i have been saying sell all retail except $tjx; u watch; u know! rt @jthomaswalkup: @jimcramer ignore them colonel. it is truly their loss!
lot of haters tonight.. or the record, when apparel went bad i said sell what i had liked in retail..that was obvious to any show watcher
when $11 billion is cheap
get em while their hot! $dnkn
who is the richest comedian? @mainstr
i will not let politics get in the way of trying to make money for viewers ($jpm)
$fb, $crm, $yelp --all winners as well as twitter--as way to get customers.. $sbux, too.
i am trying to make $ for people rt @marioboragina: re: $jpm sounds like your advocating to buy oneself out of criminal activity. smarten up
@davidfaber -what's for dinner? @carl_c_icahn and $aapl's tim cook --fundies matter-phone is an immense amount of fun!!!
thinking same; shameless...rt @lesha22: how funny that $htz using the $tsla card. nice try. @jimcramer
lotta cross currents--$jcp saving morning??
$bdbd thestreets @herbgreenberg can see the red flags flying over boulder brands
mesmerized by snappy dressing! rt @guyjohnsontv:  mc had the volume turned up - i am suprised you couldn't hear him in ny. i was laughing
in telco space i continue to like $csco, $alu, $jdsu and best of all $xlnx! this group is having a grand time! join it!!!
$alu--hold on, do not take profits. wish i knew what @manuscranny  and @guyjohnsontv thought was funny, tho. i missed it!!!
$11 billion is a good deal for $jpm only if it really is the end of the suits. i don't know if it will be....think $bp
not suitable for a charitable trust rt @nathanielar: @jimcramer why don't you trade options anymore?
totally love cats; used to have six of them rt @funnybookworm: @jimcramer is a cat person. makes me like him even more.
$11 billion settlement by $jpm for fed crimes against the mortgage market that everyone committed would be a good deal for $jpm shareholders
inheritance shocker: 42% of heirs would do this @mainstr
why you should buy your next car online @mainstr
5 benefits you need from your next employer @mainstr
gee @sullycnbc has a terrible voice
sometimes i like to goad the haters. but don't worry, i take no prisoners  rt @davemason2k: @kermitskrackers @jimcramer good point
@sullycnbc , @mandycnbc #
losers come and go, and i tnp anyway..rt @totalnewsrails: @jimcramer hahaha, go get 'em, buddy.  ;)
cause it's sport; they are funny losers!! rt @thestockjoker: @jimcramer why is cramer further glorifying the haters by bringing it up?
rt @sullycnbc: don't forget wal-mart cut sales forecasts just one month ago.
they motivate me; always have. always will  rt @galappelbaum:  the more you react to the trolls the more they'll keep trolling... ...
@sullycnbc really raising good points about $wmt's weaknesses
lotta silly haters today. cramer's rich, cramer like bankers, cramer's a short seller. come on; be a little smarter, please....
ceo tj rodgers bought huge. surprisingly wrong for now..rt @johnahansen: @jimcramer thoughts on $cy decline over the past couple of days?
shocker: retail's bad
homebuilders back from the wilderness
the latter rt @jgn74: @jimcramer are we really supposed to believe the otr global $aapl call today or $s and their call on demand?
not much fun! rt @aftermath_2012: @jimcramer stand for what you believe.
i wonder what @adamschefter has to say about cruz's filibuster! now that's a must know!!!
i like $lvs very much rt @tim35473: @jimcramer u are missing the $lvs run
boy, the heat you take if you point out the justice's punitive cases against $jpm/. i guess i could hate em as much as everyone else!
been a huge win--sticking with it, as well as $rdn and $gnw rt @aceytlca: @jimcramer more good news on $ rbs .
cruz has done nothing... he needs to take a break! both cruz's need a bye..
who has has less of an impact--cruz in #ff or cruz in the senate ?
it's about shareholder/user love rt @ggc0724: @jimcramer $nflx is a 1 trick pony w no innovation or new products?wheres upside
he was my idol rt @sweet_walt:  @mnyneversleeps i used to wait for louis rukeyser every friday. now we have cramer every night. tnx jim
well done rt @shanerbill: jim bought 400 tesla in the 70s, have sold 250 on the way up now hold 150 "free". taking your advice ! thank you !
not in #s,so finert @hefferonjoe: what do you think of korea dropping boeing's jet fighter project? via @yahoofinance
green room food is watching the show today.
watch tonight--$s-$aapl rt @ryanp2: @jimcramer even for the 5c?
the $aapl glut at the telco level that some "analysts" are talking about isn't occurring at $s--shortages there! -watch tonight's mad money
it is amazing to me that people hate $nflx and $tsla, so much, we always have stocks like this in every market..
$bery makes the bery best plastic
would paying rich teachers more improve public schools? @mainstr
just tested it and loved it. too good for me! rt @dianebrady: .@jimcramer so you own a #tesla? for smooth ride or good of the planet?
the government's secret to living longer @mainstr
how this olympian dug himself out of $220,000 of debt @mainstr
housing plays going nuts rt @prashantipotu: @jimcramer how is $rh up today??? is it housing recovery or something else !!!
do consistent biz with full service broker trt @tuckonsports: @jimcramer how do the little investors get in on this or any ipo?
questions for $len, $s, $bery? i need them!!!
#teslas #models is a dream to drive, as @chris_ciaccia finds out
dyn-o-mite! rt @zakn: @jimcramer but were they good?
there was no double dip!! rt @carlquintanilla: the new burger king "satis-fries" have arrived at post 9. @cnbc $bkw
yes rt @grumpy99: @jimcramer hey, you need to get more sleep man, post 10hrs ago then 5 hrs ago. what you sleep with your phone.
i resent this-i am from philadelphia trt @maryskypemary: @jimcramer slow down, talk clearly; i cannot understand nj fast talking gibberish.
i was 24!rt @carlquintanilla: bob evans was 'the 2nd stock i ever bought!" says @jimcramer. "i liked the waitress." @squawkstreet $bobe
i am in total agreement. rt @mountains777: @jimcramer no sir manning is unstoppable!
trying to steal some guys in #ff before the rest of the guys wake up.. slim pickings..
sell rt @manuscranny: #bbry shrs trading at $8.92 in germany-citi:
reiterates sell, pt $7,
goldmanreiterates neutral, pt $10
people are skeptical but there does seem to be a "get $jpm" task force like rfk had against hoffa...
i think he was! rt @colin_macneil: wow, was kevin in pa's snore a first during the lightning round @jimcramer ?
who is bob iger making original content for at $dis? $nflx?
strong story rt @hedgethestreet: glad jim puts an emphasis on the job #dis is doing, both on balance sheet and in  theme parks and theaters.
no longer the axe rt @shmwil: where is gene munster getting his sell in vs sell thru numbers and info from.  or is he just making it up.
$dis-major focus; $agco--ag that works??
i open an @oyster, and find pearl!!! @mainstr
worth more dead than alive: get real with life insurance @mainstr
what men - and companies - can do to please women @mainstr
@herbgreenberg has written about 37 tweets about how $aapl launch isn't a big deal. what would he had written if it were bad?
deserving a great moment--and spoils nothing to talk about. proud of you  rt @andrewrsorkin: @jimcramer thanks jim!
is that true? rt @goodgirlcrystal: @jimcramer @ajblackstone12 some people don't watch breaking bad.
rt @ajblackstone12: @jimcramer would you stop talking breaking bad on mondays. some people watch football on sundays, breaking bad on monday
no spoiler alert--everyone knows @andrewrsorkin wrote a critical piece about mr. white's role in gray matter..
very true, doug rt @dougmcintyre: @jimcramer don't need to read the wsj, its all here
that was such a great piece! rt @lopezja10: @jimcramer nytimes reported on mexico's economic growth outpaced china's and brazil.
these were worrisome comments rt @nancymatisoff: @jimcramer 
do you agree with warren buffett that the stock market is fully valued?
china bears choking; hoping to be bailed out by gop v.  obama fracas.
thank you, fabulous weekend! rt @matuszgma: @jimcramer. you are one intense individual, loved by many people, god bless you.
you bet i will be there!!! rt @umjm: @jimcramer hey cramer! :) u were off friday, will you be on this week? running out of dvr space and
the gang at the beer garden! good essen!
rt @rosskurken: cramer learns to twerk - mainstreet
what it is all about!  rt @adamschefter: always love work but these are the days i would pay espn to get to work. can't wait.
at
rt @thestreet an instant 'mad money' classic: @jimcramer's life lessons
@mattebellawines for fabulous harvest tasting at southold!
debating the financials with too flat yield curve
sheep to slaughter ahead of bearish crossover?
worried about low vix? nope
young bulls gorging on $nflx unconcerned about high price
untroubled by fed government task force to get $jpm
not worried about high price to earnings multiples
unconcerned about coming government showdown
bulls, bears and pigs? rt @jasonmacmurray: @jimcramer so? time to bail on lulu?  it's been a good run...
real fans have no choice rt @peterml668: @jimcramer #eagles with sloppy loss. are u a buyer of #eagles or are u ringing the register?
eagle d
take profits?
i hate these three guys
shout out to sean evans and his fellow marines and sailors on board ship in the middle east... we miss you at the birds game!!!
how to keep a clear head when that car lease looks so good
standing o's all around!  rt @jchesshire: @jimcramer keep it classy.. no boos for ar or dmcn.
this is the jersey being retired tonight!! rt @alexjmarty: @jimcramer you need a jersey update, jim. nike in, reebok out.
the pilgrimage! #eagles!
finding renewable energy at home @mainstr
should you drop your traditional bank for a virtual one? @mainstr
$pir blames itself, not the stars! tonight on #mm
homebuyers may have a small window of opportunity
i just tweeted something about gold to show the other side. i am passionate about gold. we cover gold all of the time. unfair charge
nfl fines $jpm: total brainfreeze, thanks pete rt @petenajarian: @davidfaber defenseless receiver...
@davidfaber clearly a closet grand theft auto player
will correct rt @deangn: @jimcramer "dimi" was the exorcist, not the omen.
i only have munis rt @ybfmiami: cramer must be short bc he is desperately pushing gov't shut down as a fait accompli.
several more agencies still going after $jpm--not done
nfl going to fine $jpm $500 million? i
rt @jamieshupak: is that joe lhota... or... @jimcramer? sad, but true: new yorkers can't id their mayoral candidates.
no new info avail rt @phillysoc: @jimcramer any insights on the twitter ipo
no new info avail rt @phillysoc: @jimcramer any insights on the twitter ipo
7 weeks ago rt @sagestrategy: jim.when was the last time you traded a tsy bond?50% chance you would pick out a bond from a birth certificate
that ten year was a mean whamma-jamma headslam yesterday. was anyone not short it when bernanke lowered the boom?
have to wait rt @marlinnipper: @jimcramer what to do here jiim? sold 1/3 of equities 2 wks ago due to worries
 sitting on $
nope rt @msms792012:  fyi, don't start josh gordon this week. with trent richardson gone and a 3rd string quarterback i would get more open.
congratz to @adamschefter for that amazing richardson scoop. that's priceless reporting
a study is underway 2 beat americas #1 one killerheart disease, using smartphones! see how. rise of the machines 2nite 9p et on cnbc!
on a huge day like today i like to sit back and figure out if i should play josh gordon
up 100 then down to up 60 and then back to 120 and then tomorrow back to worries about a government shutdown
congratulations to @mariabartiromo who correctly said what was there to taper about!!
good questions @scottwapnercnbc from old friend jesse about $gmcr
$trla--pete telling good story--but hot as a pistol!
@davidfaber has given me his approval--and i feel darned good about it
can $aapl go higher if phones are great? really important question...
go to rm now rt @kkkevinnn: @jimcramer just started reading "stay mad for life", so far so great! in which order should one read your books?
beats me rt @captainsrogers: one of your colleagues comments recently said that large profit margins are cause for concern. how so
can't believe carol tome is on from $hd--she is on @squawkcnbc of the best cfos in the world--i love her work !!!
can't wait! rt @andrewrsorkin: i'm interviewing lloyd blankfein of goldman sachs on @squawkcnbc in just under an  hr. any questions for him?
and, in pure candor, doing waiver wire stuff for #ff ; making big changes to my team  rt @amodeo_az: @jimcramer sleepin late today huh! ;)
fed day--full bore discussion on taper.. i will do my best to make it interesting!
@boonepickens is a true patriot rt @carney: @jimcramer boone pickens does.
i never short the team i love, never! rt @bobhayes71901: @jimcramer @ricksharga @mainstr so go short on iggles futures?
thanks rt @marknorton26: as an engineer in oilandgas, i couldnt have said it better. we're waging war on our opportunity out of the recession
rt @thestreet 6 stocks in 60 seconds w/ @jimcramer including $wfm
rick, sadly we have no d and won't this year rt @ricksharga: @jimcramer @mainstr besides watching the eagles lose to andy reid on thursday?
not that i know of rt @mrflytrap: @jimcramer jim, is there any fed scenario that could help the mreit's get back on track again? thank you.
asked--go look at tape.. rt @11mbro11: @jimcramer what about #biomarin compassionate use denial of drug it touts to public?
no but it won't go down much rt @staciebourne1: @jimcramer 
jim,
do you think rad will have positive earnings on thursday or not?
nah, love that place but went to dino's for ribs rt @dschorrnyc: @jimcramer buttermilk channel tonight?
moon over the gowanus
students, you do have enough money to invest @mainstr
what's the worst that could happen to you at home? @mainstr
graham and djax saved me! art @jimcramer: just cut that guy... awful!!l rt @fomuscles: @jimcramer hope u didn't have the texans kicker
just cut that guy... awful!!l rt @fomuscles: @jimcramer hope u didn't have the texans kicker
$crzo--very exciting play...watch tonight--and $bmrn very interesting..
best time for home improvements before you move?
total fan of $five--regional to national chain
$hlf--we need mud pies and rotten tomatoes here with these two! @streetsignscnbc
@herbgreenberg coming in with a ray lewis attitude toward peacemaker/teacher ramey! go get em, ray!!
@herbgreenberg -hammering herb against $hlf v. tim "houseman" ramey. uh oh "all due respect" back handed slap!! love this!!
@herbgreenberg v. tim ramey on $hlf? coming up on street signs!
did u watch video? i said i would trim rt i don't get it cramer...you sell some $fb a day after making a video about it, talking it up...
picked up chiefs' d rt @garybondlaw: @jimcramer jim are you ready for the 2-0 chiefs
$msft--buy any means necessary---dividend boost--new buyback (replacement)
rt @thestreet in the long run, fed chair doesn't mean much to the market: @jimcramer's 'mad money' recap
yes, and a new kicker and an rb and a d  rt @musclepharmpres: @jimcramer i like it an early riser...you grabbing a workout too cramer?
why your kids might go to community college @mainstr
3 out of 4 investors think we're headed for a major retirement crisis @mainstr
7 great pick-your-own orchards to visit this fall @mainstr
rt @thestreet .@jimcramer: facebook is for real
@davespadaro thanks for doing such a great job with the #eagles dave and for putting that nice article about me in gameday!
agreed! rt @bcapital: @herbgreenberg miss you on @cnbc but i'm glad you're on the the street with @jimcramer
thank you, larry summers
i am being facetious that $jpm should buy any law firm. but the legal bills are preposterous and dimon has to find a way to rein them in
$jpm needs to buy paul weiss--it would save them fortunes.. why not? why cant they buy a firm? it would be good for all
amen rt @bclompus: @jimcramer true - 3 defensive interference penalties by #26  cary williams. c'mon man. free yards and 1st downs hurts
fab! rt @aceytlca: @kelly_evans @squawkstreet @davidmwessel you and jim make a good morning team. @jimcramer . tell it like it is. lol
dow jones rally does not make up for #eagles loss, fantasy win helps though. --perspective! #bb helps, too.
coming to me in 90 seconds from post nine
yes, @brentcelek friend off the field!  rt @craigscott31: @jimcramer is that a brent celek jersey??
ok will call laurie rt @commuternyc: @jimcramer why not just buy the eagles team and save on the cost of eagles jerseys
who cares? housing short squeeze today rt @mikevanscoter: @jimcramer summers out, market explodes = blow to ego?
this will be determined by the pricing. can't answer now rt @joecurley_: @jimcramer twitter ipo? thoughts? buy it? or stick with $fb
the only reason why stanley fischer is still in running for fed job is he is summers' mentor. he would be amazing at it though. brilliant
will do!! rt @qtguy: you should make this your new avitar!! rt @jimcramer: pop and i taking in the #eagles td!!
unless the 9ers d scores 30 more points, i am putting week two to bed!!! thanks @deseanjackson10 and your mom!
no one like, you, no one!  rt @aaronpaul_8: it's time
pop and i taking in the #eagles td!!
staying focused with real eagle in flight !
new to #eagles box, reggie!!
schefter says single season point total going to eagles!!
yes rt @viggystyle: @jimcramer booyah from a fellow hbs clansman. twitter shares pricing around $16b in secondary mkts. worth a punt?
i use it! rt @linkscomputer: is thestreet quant ratings a real service, or is it spam mail i received.. if real, i'm in for a year!
@brentcelek wearing your signed jersey to the big game tomorrow to bring the #eagles good luck against the #san diego chargers
our big call on $vphm
#madmoney right back at ya! rt@adamschefter: raiders have signed fullback marcel reece to a three-year contract extension. #madmoney
ask his investors rt @karl_mcdonnell: jim: how long can ackman stay short $hlf? 
can't take it away, it happened!rt @billbigd: @jimcramer @herbgreenberg $ulta take away today's gain and is pretty flat for the last year.
roth was a board member, so had to rt @jeffyoungjr: what's with people announcing their liquidation of stocks in ($jcp) before they sell?
@herbgreenberg, good day for $ulta, $gmcr, $isrg, $hlf.. you on a plane or something???,
$hlf--52 week high.. holy cow, @carl_c_icahn certainly on right side of that trade, big-time.  . still cheap!!
rt @scottwapnercnbc: oil king mark fisher joins halftime for the full hour today. he's loaded up with stock picks and ways to play the space
bingo rt @ftlslacker: @jimcramer notice that dell is talking about "servers" and not "pc"s. so update your analysis.
rt @thestreet a remarkable market and @buzzfeed's @jonsteinberg w/ @jimcramer last night: 'mad money' recap
@rocco_thestreet rocking on twitter on cnbc
talk to the $ndaq rt @rgletter: will twitter launch like $fb? @jimcramer
i love neil. did he savage me, or was it just funny? rt @sbtransplant: @jimcramer you see neil everett spoof mad money on sc this am?
shady mccoy--oops, that's backfield! #ff rt @sdignazio: @jimcramer : who's your best play in bakken field ??
the one habit you need to save $10,000 @mainstr
i can't wait to hear what @rocco_thestreet has to say about twitter tomorrow on @squawkcnbc
why are employers withholding these critical features in 401(k) plans? @mainstr
yes! rt @jasonwstein: @buzzfeed coo @jonsteinberg just killed it on @cnbc, talking content and native ads. i think he talks faster than jim.
i can't wait to hear @carlquintanilla on twitter tomorrow on @squawkstreet  no one knows it better!!!
talking twitter with @jonsteinberg from buzzfeed right now!!
the unconventional investment mentality of wealthy millennials @mainstr
the whole article(s) that @carl_c_icahn loved! outing the perpetual losers part 1:
i'm shakin' it boss rt @herbgreenberg: actually on $ulta: rev up 25%, inventory up 45%. suggests profits driven by inventory not ops
@davidfaber and @herbgreenberg  $ulta reported a fab q as did $ll and $tsco!! the keys to this market!!!
thanks carl!! rt @carl_c_icahn: congrats to @jimcramer  his article outing perpetual losers is a must read!
why #apple made a strategic blunder this week, by @dougkass:
am i in it?? bad? good? rt @dianebrady: seeing @jimcramer clip in @bw film hank reminded me how much i love sparring with the #madmoney guru
huh? $rbs on fire rt @deanbeater: @jimcramer @jonsteinberg why is rbs having trouble now?
ba--real deal! rt @mslobelia2: @jimcramer jim, should i move my $ba price target higher now that it's at a new high?  or trim?
all available and public rt @tamedraccoon: @carlquintanilla i think people surprised if @jimcramer posted a histo of his +/- by trade.
on $line--trust owned some, sold some higher. kept some. acquisition does matter. hoping sec almost done with inquiry.
just noting acquisition rt @edwarddieterich: on line you told us trust couldn't own it due to acct irregularities, this morning you own it.
your son is the anchor of my $fantasyfootball team. need 2nd half targets, chip! rt @geejackson10: @jimcramer  that's two of us, jim.
your son is tearing it up--pop will wear #10 in the box on  sunday!! rt @geejackson10: @jimcramer  that's two of us, jim.
rockin rt @deseanjackson10: speed and quickness ' nike commercial .. @iamdiddy calvin johnson @deseanjackson10 d thomas
it has to happen now, doug! thanks old buddy!!! rt @dougmcintyre: @jimcramer less than an hour
reports of 2 syrian missiles launched at the golan causes a dip here. as someone who has been there a bunch of times, it will be answered
when is that 8 o'clock coffee going to kick in already!?
indeed, but the deal must close and sec be done! rt @galappelbaum: .@jimcramer at least the spike in $line is good news for you!
getting your piece of the $25 billion federal foreclosure prevention program @mainstr
fix your finances with this one word solution @mainstr
is telemedicine healthy? @mainstr
why you wont get as much out of a reverse mortgage now
how many billionaires are there in the world? @mainstr
need comments/questions on #smashburger from everyone--on #mm tonight
now concensus view! rt @thomasamaurice: @jimcramer do you think tim cook got the message and more importantly does he care, no!
credit to the financial times! rt @storyinthetape: @jimcramer loved the "color" and "security" humor this morning.
rt @thestreet: shuffling the dow stocks: @jimcramer's 'mad money' recap
superstar # for superstar guy, guy! rt @guyjohnsontv: a few minutes away from uk unemployment - carney's new superstar economic number
superstar # for superstar guy, guy! rt @guyjohnsontv: a few minutes away from uk unemployment - carney's new superstar economic number
genuine homespun wisdom
@uniongrounds in brooklyn for world cup qualifier after davis mauls yankees
honestly, still on high about #eagles win--thanks chip, thanks howie, thanks michael and desean and shady!!!
fun stuff!~ rt @clk321: @jimcramer great spot w  k planck #ua tonight. glad i got in at 37 split adj.
t/y-luv $ua rt @gdotgav:  excellent interview with kevin plank..ua is one of my bigger positions and i think i may need to get in a bit more
dangerous...rt @craigkirchoff:  thinking of shorting $sam before the quarter w/ deep in the money put ala getting back to even. thoughts?
protect this house, boss!
the revolution that will soon save your medical dollar @mainstr
will millennials buy into obamacare exchanges @mainstr
thanks so much! rt @kjc2287: @jimcramer thanks jim, im up over 17% on the stock since joining aap.  you and @stephanie_link are the best!
one minute to lift-off
amen rt @davidfaber:djia is price weighted index that has barely any money indexed against it and is ignored by professional money managers.
i just care what schefter says rt @anton500anton: @lldiego1 @jimcramer who does yoda and the sheriff think?
bye $aa, $hpq, $bac--hi $gs, $nke, $v!
uk banks going higher rt @sackdirn: @jimcramer is it time to take some profits?  $rbs
it's called management, plays big role rt @herbgreenberg: how is it that $nflx has captured mindshare, and $wmt w/vudu squandered it?
gallant loss, 165 to 174 to our commissioner kyle!! maybe my team's not so laughable after all #ff
nail biter by #eagles. i will take it. darn i hate all prevents, especially the one we saw tonight. but a w is a w!
wild west! points off the board, incomplete passes turned into fumbles.. at least we're interesting and fun to watch!
rt @thestreet the china turn is real -- and powerful
don' t think there's a real good bear or bull case, just wish $amr had happened rt @mayleeasia: @jimcramer $lcc should i sell?
check again-working! rt @alaingeenrits: @jimcramer no access yet on site except spam from the streetand need membership to unsubscribe !
agreed-not saying any winners rt @dochamden12: @jimcramer ur way off on syria there will be no winners in syria, only losers including us
people do get hired for pipelines--#keystone is good for jobs...
feels like back to school! 30 seconds to lift off!!
170 4 opponent! rt @pimpjew: lol i need 50 points in each of my fantasy leagues. felt so confident after draft. not so much after 1st games
give me a break; 1. i had bbq, 2nd it is an open house rt @illini__jeff: exhausted from cramer relentlessly pimping $tst all weekend long.
remember, $tst extended open house for another 24 hours--all products free including mine:
who else needs 50 points tonight to win besides the skidaddy skis?
shocked $gsk isn't up more on this disposition.. definitely worth taking... own for the trust
jen paytas  bourbon based marinated 24 hours is the winner; going away!
haley's entry five spice rub, 4 hour smoke; vinegar based: second place
the finals; i am hearing tie!! kissing sisters
how did that brisket sneak in there?
laughing why our fate is in their hands.!!!
last one; number six; "not much flavor " says the chief; he says meat not standing up on it own!
chief justice rules rosemary and parsley red cabbage need two minutes more grill time; bad sign
winner winner chicken dinner?
it is one through five; one and done; more tense than bills pats!
look at this judge, lisa, playing with broken wing! that's a playah
how about the dollar shoving? ridiculous to bribe people when it comes to ribs!
dropped out of judging; too much pressure! very distinguished panel; supreme court-like
makes even bills fans happy!
smell that smoke.!!
only one way to light charcoal for the fire magic at the haley's
yes, we all played a role in that!rt @sfpatriot: @jimcramer @thestreet don't you follow @stephanie_link ?  she extended it till tues night!
just picked up some delicious cookies and philly fluff at
last chance to see it all. @thestreets products are free until midnight tonight.
just went to a fabulous #bby in jersey city. kristyn and rudy were so amazingly helpful.. hmm, why a stock doubles?triples? clean store!
perpetual losers, part ii, now available on
hey, i am trying to figure how badly i will lose #ff today! rt @rsmithinc: @jimcramer in your view will apple be higher or lower on friday?
feel same way birds! rt @hyperion5182: @soup_bowl i'm worried. they'll either be epic. or utter garbage., there's no inbetween 12-4 or 4-12.
game time decisions about #fantasy football and realmoney.
i am short the pack but i am playing lacy rt @dustincary: @jimcramer do you own a share of the @packers ?
scared to death, yet playing mccoy; desean rt @hyperion5182: are you as concerned as i am over the eagles? i mean...i'm worried man.
this is not the old $tst that got me--and you-- down for so long. rt @ozzieclub: @jimcramer yeah jim.  thanks for extending the preview.
same, i have to stop the work, soon! rt @scott_juba: @jimcramer booyah!  thx jim.  enjoy the games today
harsh, but lots of self-remonstrations, believe me rt @chicago_lb: @jimcramer #1 might be the
checking rt @scott_juba: any way to extend free preview another 24hrs?  school/activitues started this week.  hard to jump on this weekend
it is free! t @franc0721: @jimcramer how is
here's an idea. go to
harvard business school case study: gender equity
who are the ten biggest loser companies out there, the ones you hate to draft for your fantasy portfolio-
damn, i'm sorry and we're wrong..bad.. rt @tblizzard: love ya jim but @realmoney guys haven't stopped emails many years after i unsubscribed.
total guns blazing moment on
we're still going at it on
some nice fisticuffs developing at
check out my investing game plan. this weekend for free:
i hope to have a spirited debate if not wwiii with my friend @herbgreenberg later today on
as part of $tst's free open house this weekend, go to
buy $joy rt @junkscience: @jimcramer projected aussie election results bullish for peabody energy (btu). new pm will be pro-coal exports.
love the flyin' hawaiian!
want a higher than average pay raise? move here @mainstr
citizens of philly, boston and new york are unhappy about banking fees, study says:
the unthinkable reason the gender wage gap is widening @mainstr
jpmorgan chase exits the private student loan market @mainstr
all weekend
thank you-booyah rt @jimmlo29: @jimcramer  you, mr. cramer, are just a money making machine...!!! $fb, $amat, $slb unbelievable.  #madtweets
me no bet rt @phillysoc: @phillysoc: hey @jimcramer who is your money on monday night?
i apologize for anyone who is locked out of
how #boeings #dreamliner lets airlines fulfill new market dreams, by @tedreednc:
you will want to hear $tkr's plan for unlocking value.. on #madmoney tonight
charitable trust owns it from mid 20s...nlert @rguzzo650: @jimcramer can you just tell me how you're trading $fb ?
carol! love you!rt @carolmassar: ah, but why not more?  rt @sheilad_tv: mark cuban on @streetsignscnbc -latest stock trade was 1mn  $jcp!!!!
rt @optionsprofits: #imx stats released monday @tdameritradepr @tdameritrade @tdansherrod @tdajjkinahan #homegamer
see how im trading $aapl, $amat, $csco, $fb, $jpm in my charitable trust.  this weekend for free:
rt @optionsprofits: premium services @thestreet open house starts today 12et-closes sunday at 11:59pm
market not doing well--syria and putin--total uncertainty is back
you would not believe who has stiffed me at the debary rt @sconsetcapital: @jimcramer tips are for waiters. booyah. ;)
so painful rt @mr_scotttravis: @jimcramer secy. perez completely ignored your keystone comment.
last night tough-had to watch ravens massacre,then up at 4 for workout rt @figueras001: @jimcramer how much sleep do you get my friend??
not for me; way too dangerous-they have been wrong.. rt @bogino: @jimcramer mortgage reits in play here?
it doesn't matter sorry rt @aretuseo77: jim seriously those numbers are not statistically  significant.i challenge anyone to prove me wrong,
goldilocks number--mortgage rates coming down?
what can i say? charitable trust owns $tkr--but i didn't draft manning so who cares about how much money $tkr makes people?
buy $joy!!! rt @junkscience: but china to build new coal plant every 10 days until 2022
we have wide receivers tonight. our "ap" pick last night was on fire today...
the rich and sick taxed to pay for health care reform @mainstr
@herbgreenberg in totally cool outfit!!
college enrollment drops, but student loans remain a growth industry @mainstr
fistful of dollars and dour dollars more! rt @cramersshirt: don't forget $five.... @jimcramer
coming to us shortly at post nine!
lovin' new schefter avatar--and his draft--best in show rt @adamschefter: how will keyshawn do on dancing with the stars?
total lock rt @adamschefter: how will keyshawn do on dancing with the stars?
v-few knew that $ba would be drafted like ap rt @bigelam: @jimcramer did anyone else guess it was $ba-
rt @thestreet for now, the bears win: @jimcramer's 'mad money' recap
season ticket holder, eagles not phils rt @donaldsmock: @jimcramer do you have the same passion for baseball as you do for football?
$lnkd probably a buy on this supply..
i had to write him in!! no one knew him!! rt @pj_fitzgerald: @jimcramer thompkins is a steal! brady will make him a "great" wr
frak's a proven winner ...rt @stevecaru: @jimcramer frak has the best team in my opinion
kyle @kookie3434 aka the commish ponders the board !
exec producer regina gilgan on the clock!
stacked at wide receiver!
college savings withdrawl strategies @mainstr
traded ahead rt @nicholas_yee: @jimcramer should have taken dez over fitz, he has no one to throw it to him in az.
filling her up mad money style
ep and cam!
singles miss out on money because of this @mainstr
top 5 rebounding housing markets @mainstr
mad money war room
never easy drafting
draft coming!
more of a soccer name....rt @graveytrain: @jimcramer #san
i do love the birds rt @deanzambrano: rt @carlquintanilla: how @jimcramer came to love his philadelphia @eagles.
who goes first in the mad money draft? name that stock!
market will love it rt @jonerlichman: linkedin files to offer $1 billion of stock $lnkd
who is the equivalent of adrian peterson? i got the stock for him!  nfl mad money draft!
why #verizons $130b #vodafone deal should herald dividend growth
will your insurance cover your kids stolen laptop?
why #microsofts purchase of #nokias devices and services division is a bad move

good on a discount rt @pkc1963: @jimcramer fascinating good or fascinating bad?
china plays ramping: $cmi, $cat
total agreement manus!  @manuscranny: @madmoneyoncnbc @jimcramer  so jim whats the scoop?my interviews say nokia msft is disaster for msft
total agreement rt @benioff: @herbgreenberg apple envy
best analyst in group rt @carlquintanilla: clsa sees a slowdown in us sales of diet soft drinks, in particular. that hurts margins more. $ko
if you got in cause of me i want to ring register rt @wisdomovergold: @jimcramer when should we cash out on nok? on current buzz? gimme a #.
not in it for the fund of it  rt @gp_81: @jimcramer  @nokia i won too, cost average of 2.49.! we're all in this to make money @jimcramer
more up to him than me rt @pimpjew:  when will you have @elonmusk on @madmoneyoncnbc ? man is a genius!
well $nok won...rt @squawkcnbc: .@nokia cfo on @squawkcnbc: "we feel this deal is a win-win for both companies." $nok $msft
no, mostly with the gang rt @craigscott31: @jimcramer aren't you a little bastion of sunshine. did you hang w roubini this weekend?
here we go again with the ten year...enough already-just take it to 3%-market can now handle it and is ready for it..
check production growth rt @holmesendeavors: @jimcramer how do you know which oil stock will preform best when talks of war start?
futures coming in, to be expected. none of the big boys believes in this rally ...
twitter=real measurement rt @hrdk5: cramer's mad money has 30k viewership while over 600k twitter followers#socialmedia @jimcramer @cnbc
thanks so much! rt @nhg2281955: holidays are just not the same without @carlquintanilla  and @jimcramer, always miss listening to you guys
goes still higher; a total buy trt @rickyt123: @jimcramer what do you think of $apa after its big move late last week?
kind of at the beach...back at em tomorrow rt @ncgolfer03: @jimcramer   where is jim cramer?
both real good rt @geoffstirling:  - thoughts on $unp and $utx at these levels for a long term investor w/ 20+ year horizon?
smells like a bad quarter rt @tburr9999: @jimcramer jim ibm is making me worry do you have any wisdom on this stock.
phil frost is the real deal money-maker. thanks! rt @randyshanahan: @jimcramer opk closed over $9 yesterday, thank you jim,
great idea for a real book! rt @spsingh1: @jimcramer where can i buy "encyclopedia cramerica - the wall street to english dictionary"?
'my biggest work mistake': 7 career confessions
give me back my third year of law school
this is why facebook is soaring
$crm==wow! shorts be scrambling. maybe wait a bit now to start a new position.
please, please watch the show to learn the changes..rt @ptrckmllr: @jimcramer i thought $lcc was your spec of the year?
not for my trust, but for go-go funds it is go to rt@familyofficegur: @jimcramer you buy stocks that trade at 8x revenue?
i good philly boy and so are they! rt @tredogg08: @jimcramer $rdn!!!!!!!!!!!! love this stock, thanks for the recommendation
$rdn, my spec of the year, isn't done...neither is $rad my new spec...
how painful is this eagle-jet game? the best part about it is the "mike mike mike hump day" camel ad from geico. i wish they ran that more
accelerating revenue growth; (arg) cloud, mobile, social! rt @benioff: exciting article from @jimcramer. 
the problem is brazil, not $vale, unfortunately... rt @kneehouse6: @jimcramer $vale: recovery anytime soon? thanks jim
i'm liking this show. two new spec names---plus crowd faves $crm --soaring in after hours--and $tasr
is a 'practical' college major necessary to make a living? - mainstreet
why colorado has become a new silicon valley
cash sales rise as borrowers retreat from housing market
verizon playing defense in $130b verizon wireless deal
why doug parker's legacy hangs on a us airways/american merger
this is #87's year!  rt @brentcelek: @jimcramer can't wait for this rocket ship to take off
brent, you are going high in some of the fantasy leagues i follow! rt @brentcelek: the weeknd
wow, i being hailed as an obama groupie, a war monger a tool of the shorts and the longs and a wild man! love it!
would be amazing if france and uk are sick of war like they were after wwi..hence appeasement
syria will raise your gas prices - mainstreet
why do you watch @madmoneyoncnbc? send us videos telling us why! use #mmwhy2k
europe and china remain with positive momentum...d.c. bonds, syria holding us back
just a spec rt @cityrocked: jim westport innovations as pulled back. my cost is round 32. is 27 odd a good level to add?
go listen to $joy call...coal bad rt @stockpost: @jimcramer jim, $btu has been moving up since july. i thought coal was dead.
uncertainty of fed tapering keeps cd rates at standstill, with slight dip in dallas 
these colleges would get high honors on obama ranking
how to add hundreds of dollars to your retirement paycheck
$zale is not kay--come on guys -i like to have a little fun, too.. i know these jingles!!
now bonds going wrong way...searching, searching for something positive.. still looking
rt @thestreet: more selling to come: @jimcramer's 'mad money' recap
couldn't find anything positive to say at 3:30; can't find anything positive to say at 8:01.. and it isn't early any more
i have said i like $jcp now that ackman is out, but retail is tough right now rt @robby985: @jimcramer when would you put a buy in for $jcp
bingo! rt @bshactman: nfl starts soon ... mornin' jim. rt : searching for positives, haven't found one yet, but it is, admittedly, early
we always repeat certain lines on the set from the same movies: fugitive, shawshank, apocalypto, hard to kill, predator, southern comfort
bingo! apocalypto is a huge mad money set favorite. we loved it! rt @antaran: @jimcramer jaguar paw as in apocalypto? :)
we did like the show!rt @stockangler: you were really 'on' tonight.  super show. can you feel it?   a show for the smithsonian.  #atyourbest
i think you buy $jnj at $84-86 rt @gregfour51: @jimcramer buy $jnj on this dip?  in the same league as $bmy?
thanks, just trying to protect capital! rt @werty317: @jimcramer you said everything but "get the hell out" last few days.  good job
tune in tomorrow morning to hear my gameplan for how the market can handle the syrian airspace incursion.
go read confessions of a street addict to find out rt @livedreaminvest: i'm wondering why @jimcramer says i shouldn't trade currency?!
cheap date! rt @matthew_hovey: @jimcramer took my date there on ipo day! how wide spread can they get while still keeping the ambiance?
$ndls--people want higher comps-numbers aren't all that low though..
ugly tape; no need to buy today.. but i like interest rates going down..
concierge telemedicine may save patients time and money but could have a cost
this shocking amount is spent annually on licensed college merchandise
shocker: i don't set out to be wrong, i set out to be more right than wrong and my record shows that's been the case...sorry haters...
'healthiest' u.s. communities? they may not be where you think
i love it when haters bring up every bad call i have ever made-no good ones--on down days--knock yourselves out!!
it has tho rt @austinhersh8: "wendy's bacon pretzel cheeseburger is a game changer" @jimcramer haha.. doesn't make them a buy though
rt @thestreet: a market too good to ignore: @jimcramer's 'mad money' recap:
the red sox @jimcramer rt @msblockbuilders: #madtweets @jimcramer who is having a better year so far, apple or samsung?
syria's tough--oil's not up, markets are down.. going down 1.2% on the unknown. ..
great question, wish i knew! iestionrt @redsquare27: with so much good news on $apc why is the company struggling to break $95 a share!?!?
you are very welcome; good app!  rt @fpatrick: @stephanie_link thanks for the mobile-friendly action alerts plus. much, much better. #aap
not with dc coming back into focus which will be horrendous of course rt @tradermkx:  agree can't taper in this economy.
holy cow, so many jokers saying i am telling people to buy $tsla. no no no, i am telling you how it got here: stay focused
cult stock so no judgment rt @ayush_: yes you gave us 10 facts, but should we buy tsla now ? or do you think its a bubble?
argh, no! rt @fantasy_guru: ou do remember the player i told you to get around the 4th or 5th round, right jim? and that mispriced qb too!
talked to analysts, read reportsrt @strons521: reading "confessions" for the third time. how did u find good stocks to trade at cramer berk?
the draft order for the upcoming schlumpadicka league mad money smackdown!
it's all yours! rt @mollykane3: @jimcramer i'm a teacher and i use your "it is time... for the lightning round" for math facts time.
it's called humor, pal rt @msms792012: @jimcramer facebook and tesla are true barometers of the economy....riiiiiight
how can the fed taper with both debt ceiling and budget issues. washington can really stall the economy this fall
i think it can run some more rt @joecurley_ one of the first mad money episodes i ever watched you recommended $fb under 26, i bought it, ty
$afce and $sbux rt @sunnypahoujadds: @jimcramer what's your favorite restaurant stock? one that has a lot of upside potential
a daughter at tulane will do that!rt @seangraf:  just to let you know, the people in new orleans have such nice things to say about you
$apc deal looks good for $apc's domestic properties-eagle ford and permian.. company does many things right and is undervalued...
meanwhile shiny new thing syndrome gone awry? or silverfing
love this camaro. what year is it? i think it could be a 68 but i am not sure!
no debt help for students' parents in loan crisis
why #microsoft needs to look beyond redmond for steve ballmers replacement
this gmail scam could cost you major '$' 
after yesterday, #nasdaq can kiss the #twitter ipo goodbye
credit to my kids and @stephanie_link  rt @triciatnk:  you deserve a congrats on fb.  you were right and more importantly stood your ground.
t/y, win for charitable trust rt @marketsqueeze: you deserve a lot of credit for your call on $fb. everyone seemed to have written them off.
simon's right: "disingenuous" articulation by $ndaq on the freeze
coming to you in 60 seconds with my view on the big freeze and "the glitch"
rt @thestreet nasdaq's integrity outage: @jimcramer's 'mad money' recap
did the pros know the real prices for $ndaq prices when they traded the #spx and all the other etfs with nasdaq stocks? retail didn't!
ok i gotta get to work for @squawkstreet.
you people who follow me; you are right to be outraged. it is commonsense to be upset by this. you deserve better...
cause you don't matter rt @two4onebill: meanwhile glitch was fixed in 1st half hr-rest of time was to coordinate, why were we not told?
$ndaq-how could the nfl be so much more forthcoming about its outage? why let the etfs keep trading when they aren't correctly priced?
thank you @squawkcnbc ; why not say "individual investors we are re trying to fix this" how could it be "absolutely" right not do to?
outcome: greifeld gets the "congressional medal of retail protection" cause nothing ever happens to change things. see $fb debacle
this is true: smart tweet of day rt @latenitetrader: they are for profit, private, there is no money in retail investor, only hft.
stupid tweet of the day: i care about retail  rt @scienceinvestme: @jimcramer you boys have agenda to blacken nasdaq. very obvious!!!
waiting for $ndaq greifeld saying it was a good thing, even better than the super bowl outage! no, a great thing! good for retail!!!
$ndaq--protecting retail? you protect retail by calling cnbc to let them know. well-handled? i couldn't believe my ears.  sorry... enough
now people are slagging levitt? i have studied everything he did. it was all about leveling the playing field. he still is. grasso the same
$ndaq--painful, just painful... arthur levitt, former sec chief, is dead right. he always cared about the retail investor.
i still believe this was about helping the pros not the retail. i do not see the retail investor being protected unless you tell the press.
the professionals can't trade without the feed either--and the pros can feed to the nasdaq
high frequency traders being called out by the cftc as "runaway" which is exactly what it is.. and anti-individual investor, too
can't wait to hit post 9 tomorrow to talk about the freeze!
furious but sad, they will get away with it  rt @tamedraccoon: @jimcramer just watched the mm intro. nice job. glad you are pissed off too.
i think the chinese government is taking huge profits on its bond position. that's who is selling so heavily
$ndaq-was it software? data feed? connectivity? power? do you have any idea?
5 ways families are making college affordable again
my life just got more  pinteresting --&gt;
making the case for a #jcpenney turnaround
what i told the fhfa
nfl agent's radical money game plan could help you avoid financial fumbles
i apologize for retweeting a piece by a young kid about daytrading. i thought it was interesting but i don't agree with it. my bad. sorry
u r right, i just wanted to help the kid rt @nicholas_yee:come on cramer you're always touting against day trading and then you post this???
@terranovajoe is right, as always. periodically, the hftraders can't be handled by the machines..
exciting interviews tonight: $hain and $afce--see how they run!!
the short call on $hain which has been endless now seems terminal
some here want me to castigate whitman; they didnt want that 3 months ago. stay focused; they need innovation, manda and more layoffs at $hpq
$hpq summary--more layoffs ahead, $dell cutting price furiously for share; world uncertain; acquisitions will be small; $ibm turn analogue
did my best to incorporate your queries but i wish she would give us three things us government can do to help!
looking for questions for our interview with meg whitman from $hpq -so shoot them on over!
i see, back in the united states of china. that's how we can rally? not if the 10 year breaches 3, tho
why cnbc is must watch rt @sp5scalper: @jimcramer great call by liesman....  small fortune was made/lost in 30 min from 11:00 - 11:40 am pt
kudos again, i mean really hearty kudos, to cnbc's @steveliesman for nailing the bogus knee-jerk reaction to the minutes for what is was
as i always like to say is, why did you buy it. thesis?  rt @crankyricky: @jimcramer i'm in $bmy. thoughts?
lots of depressed people i guess rt @badig88: @jimcramer hey jim, any hints on how to play the growing demand in lithium?
i like $wm under $40 rt @jimvaughn_: @jimcramer @hniederman man, you deal with a lot of garbage, jimmy.
$goog and nfl? huge huge!! page should take this one from $dtv --start paid model
talked 3 x about it on #madmoney rt @hniederman: called us airways his stock pic of the year and i don't believe we have heard anything
you remembered the lamborghini! rt @manuscranny: -- i think fran and i are in laughing disbelief--- well tis a compliment to johnson--
it happens  ...rt @manuscranny: hello welcome im guy johnson jesus ! lost it
i know that some people on twitter just want to watch twitter but i do cover things like $jcp, $tsla, $amzn, $nflx in other venues
the fed doesn't have to worry because the bond market's tapering all she can ahead of the taper!
one more reason to buy $nbl...more rt @elliottgotkine: woodside awaits #israel court decision before completing gas deal.
thinking exact same thing! rt @benstcil: ppl how come u always ask @jimcramer about chinese stocks? do u ppl ever watch the show?
only on weekends...rt @jstorey777: @jimcramer  what's your thoughts on pbr?
can't game this stuff....rt @hardmoneynow: @jimcramer @terranovajoe what's the odds $fb added to $spx by years end?
mounties instrumental in busting international money scam
shh!rt @adamschefter: drew brees told @edwerderespn kenny stills is bigger version of lance moore, nick toon reminds him of vincent jackson.
sure acts terribly but i don't think it crashes...rt @lewlan34: @jimcramer is crude oil peaking?
so so true! rt @phippsjm: $ge needs to raise its dividend @jimcramer @stocktwits
all week were pointing out the hottest trends around -send your questions and comments #cramerscookout and help us get things cookin
8 best train rides beyond the hyperloop
$241,080 to raise a kid? move here to raise a family more economically
one thing women must stop to secure retirement savings
how to get $1 million from 'the people's bank'
my trust owns it...  rt @sadhamburger: @jimcramer you said aapl was dead, cramer. you used those words .
rt @herbgreenberg: housing on a cliff... my latest:
@marcbenioff just having some fun--your are on fire as usual!! $crm lot of positive chatter
way too speculative for trust rt @andrewevans01: @jimcramer and thanks for all that you do!  i'm still a fan, even if i disagree
frank blake can really execute--$hd was amazing..
after listening to the call, the $urbn was pretty amazing...they totally delivered
if interest rates had anything to do with economic activity they would stop rising before 3% on the 10 year.
we reached out, nothing yet rt @mikealbo: @jimcramer hi jim, have you ever interviewed robert sanchez, the young ceo at ryder???
unlimited downside.so no rt @jschlec81: @jimcramer do you advocate selling puts if wanting to purchase the stock at a lower price?
$z was clearly total short squeeze...
september 3rd is the big day for the schlumpadicka league! rt @scottlynge: @jimcramer  hi jim, have you had your fantasy draft yet?
good idea rt @scottmillis: heard on @cnbcfastmoney "i don't love any stocks. i have a pre-nup with any stock i buy".  reminded me of jim
$litb, why i hate chinese ipos
why marissa mayers critics need to get a clue:
#zillow gains immediate relevance in nyc:
here's an unexpected way to build credit one month at a time
why red light cams are increasingly costing you money: fight back this way
go long one reit short another and lock in 4.5%? id do it
sallie mae tries to make good on student loans to this spurned group
certainly high quality rt @bennyoutlaw: bought dis and f on the pullback ast week. lets see if i followed jim the  right way.
that group is so sick-sell $ggp and buy $arcp? rt @mgmtino: @jimcramer when doe's $arcp 7% yield become attractive again?
doesn't take much to move $fb higher--evercore price target raise!
i do sell blocks on thursdays rt @shapadelic: @jimcramer why can't you recommend a short idea or two given the market action?
when i read about carpet job fairs or big auto production i say "wait the bears haven't won this one yet"@noforcedannex
this is great insight! rt @noforcedannex: @jimcramer live near dalton, ga and 3 major carpet makers had large hiring fairs last 2 weeks
the $iyr has ben disastrous rt @mgmtino: @jimcramer even with rates rising, what's wrong with $arcp at almost a 7% yield?
our street is spelled hillcrest, sign guy got it wrong!
thanks, jw rt @jonathanwald: belated congratulations to @herbgreenberg on the big move back to @thestreet. two great tastes. knock 'em dead.
increase in luxury listings fueled by low interest rates
this rate rise is vicious and will make it very difficult for many stocks to hold up. $iyr under severe pressure
google is reading your gmail
more sex = more money: a scientific breakthrough
so far, last night's off-the-charts bull, mark sebastion, is looking right.
rt @thestreet: .@jimcramer's 'mad money' recap: everything that could go wrong went wrong w/ the market today
thanks for your killer ideas #cramerica - #chartnado has come to an end  make sure to sink your teeth in at 6and11pe to see your tweets!
$swn, $cop.. $rt @nathanberk: @jimcramer jim, on natural gas give some names to play this?
in full force rt @michaelgab10: @jimcramer the gold bulls will be out tomorrow!
smart rt @imstu47: @jimcramer bought the stock, bought the product. gave my wife a glass and she drank it all. $wwav
medicare settlement could help seniors slow disease symptom progression - @mainstr
i hate to lose rt @herbgreenberg: .@jimcramer thank you, jim. looking forward to a few online good battles!
that's the best show for fantasy! rt @pfeskeets: @fantasy_guru guru, loved @jimcramer on the show today. guy is intense!!  #fantasyfootball
i've been very negative rt @jeff_beneteau66: @jimcramer what are your thoughts on getting into $nly and $agnc at these levels?
your gold position sure shold have helped! rt @faulknermikej: @jimcramer so how did "diversification" help me today?
getting fired up to see if $prgo is a buying opp!!
why you might want to avoid banks owned by whites when getting a cd - @mainstr
investment scheme based on astrology lands perpetrator in prison - @mainstr
@herbgreenberg i will miss you tremendously. i see you every day and no one's better. but i will be writing with you at $tst
documenting charitable deductions--don't get screwed by the tax code - @mainstr
8 hottest cars under $15,000 - @mainstr
@herbgreenberg i can't wait to read you at $tst, watch you on cnbc!! you are the best there is! but i will miss you in ec
man is isaacson on his game--he's got the "internet of everything" line from $csco even. how great is he!?
walter isaacson!!! what a guest. no better--squawk. cnbc--unbelievably great guy.. and $aapl doesn't have omg!!.
$jpm-tapes read just like margin call. bettany, spacey and irons sitting around talking. no tucci-no one that good or likeable.
it's worth reading the $jpm criminal charge; the taped conversations are both  fascinating and incriminating. brutal arrogance..
i can't remember a time when both $syy and $csco were bad
worthless! rt @jschlec81:  are 13f's a good source of ideas for investments, or do they come out too late to make it worth it?
queen, you nailed the bottom, $aapl, congratz.. u will be rt again rt @fibonacciqueen: @fanvestments @jimcramer @madmoneyoncnbc thank you :)
exactly! rt @psvolpe: jim went through the call and press release for $csco. market seems very focused on  one sentence in the qanda. #s good
@seersuckerbklyn remains the most consistently delicious place i visit--smith street in carroll gardens
putting out alert about why to be patient rt @gdotgav:...be patient with csco, or dive off like it seems everyone will do in the morning?!
tips are for waiters rt @lorenzjoey: @jimcramer i'm a 15 year old kid and i want to invest any tips?
good luck--it is a no go rt @rocco_thestreet: doj's merger complaint is weak, say american/ us airways lawyers
no ..rt @adsteel: i am shocked paulson sold 11m shares of $gld last quarter. sure he still owns 10m but i am still shocked - is that weird?
only way to prevent the big crash that could still happen rt @lekvinv: i like @jimcramer 's idea of making all derivatives publicly traded.
@carl_c_icahn enjoy chartnado--you're featured and i make up my slight to you!
nothing good yet on this $csco call. feels like $orcl all over again. goes down, then wait a week and bounces
can mrs. doubtfire be unionized? - mainstreet
the #steinway dance may not be over yet, by @thedealnewsroom:
this is retirement's increasingly prevalent challenge - mainstreet
yes! rt @wunna_h: @jimcramer @carl_c_icahn not @warrenbuffett? lol either way, they are both #awesome and #geniuses.
why be jealous of @carl_c_icahn . why not admit that the guy's been the hottest guy around???
sure, but i am saying he's the best right now. rt @herbgreenberg: but how long does the run last? isn't that like being in cover of time?
getting a lot of blowback for calling @carl_c_icahn the best investor now. how amusing-i don't know any hedge fund manager who disagrees
find the 'goldilocks' zone for investment adjustments - mainstreet
7 cool tree house hotels - mainstreet
@carl_c_icahn my bad, huge mistake by me, mr. icahn's every bit as cool looking at mr. ackman, especially considering age!
icahn--his performance is incredible--how can you say he is not the best in the world right now? he is amazing..
triffling with icahn --no matter where you work--including $aapl is a big mistake..
right, that's why my trust owns it! i forgot!!! rt @kalanihawaii: @jimcramer don't u do it. u r the biggest bear on aapl
can't say to buy, should have performed better...rt @ddjolley: @jimcramer u said $nat was 2 low 2 sell. would u buy?
maybe icahn didn't care that many analysts had cut their price targets on $aapl! ha!
not as analogous as the old days ...rt @gary500k: @jimcramer @stephanie_link does $brcd's blowout bode well for $csco tomorrow?
carl icahn owns $nflx and $aapl, maybe he can convince $aapl to buy $nflx and get some real proprietary growth going for $aapl tv
she's amazing rt @jdbillingsley1: @jimcramer staying long $afce ms bachelder has turned this co into a growth story #madtweets
all banks--i think $wfc is the most levered;  rt @galawnpro: @jimcramer who stands to benefit the most from improving nim ? regional banks?
i first got wise to $df and $wwav because of a vegetarian and a vegan daughter.. had to have soy milk--and they only like silk--wwav's
we prefer soy, less sweet. rt @ybfmiami: we drink only almond milk in my family. @jimcramer $wwav
you know i like $pvh rt @dalemoss2: @ybfmiami @jimcramer house brands
agreed! rt @anneke_scott: wow $aapl #chartnado 

$wwav is a great idea .. if only @starbucks would offer almond milk again. #yummy
addressed right at the top,tonite #mm rt @jimlockwoodshow: do you think apple will be going higher #aapl #madtweet @jimcramer @ashishmunot
discussed in
now heres a big story!
so many analysts are now going to have to raise their price targets tomorrow that this move can continue. they cut the targets too far!
amazing, $aapl moves 13 points on the icahn stake news..
with pizazz!  rt @marinaroj: @rocco_thestreet @jimcramer tim armstrong fires people for less than that!!!
i second that!! rt @herbgreenberg: welcome dominic chu @thedomino to @cnbc!
$lly--breakout could be for real.. it's a very strong company....
not a bad idea after that jump but more acquistions ahead rt @ftlslacker: @jimcramer take profits on $pf?
how about the numbers! they are better rt @lpjonesalaska: maybe you can tell me... what's up with #chk board? all i hear is jcp today.
yes, i think rgiii is a game time decision--for game five!!!
