happy birthday, walt! i cant thank you enough for all of the happiness youve brought me.
im having a blast narrating the candlelight processional here at #epcot. amazing orchestra, gorgeous voices, awesome crowds. love disney!
im relieved to know that all of my panting over @tomdaley1994 at the summer olympics wasnt completely misguided.
having a most relaxing thanksgiving with the family. so grateful.
excited for thursday. lots to be thankful for: health, children, culinarily gifted fiance. not necessarily in that order. #hungry
if i, neil patrick harris, win the #comedictvactor award for #peopleschoice, ill accept it with a live monkey on my shoulder. please rt.
cant wait to watch @davidblaine s new special tonight! should be great!
great news! @nothingtohideny extended their run through january 19! so proud of awesome magic. go see it!
after an exhausting workout at the century city @equinox gym, now i'm craving indian food. #random
dudes! a new himym is on tonight! ya gotta watch! it's the newest yet! so new, it's even newer than last week's show, which was so new!
i gave the wrong handle for la soire, the fantastic and super hot show in nyc. it's @lasoireelive. see it and get all randy.
ticket sales for @hedwigonbway start today! warning: sit up close and you may get wet. #inmorewaysthanone
still recovering from our pre-halloween party. thanks @stellaartois and @coppola_wine for the booze. thanks @ondrinktoomany for the hangover
@swoop1fan: samanthas rendition of the 2013 tony awards opening song
halloween preparations underway. #fred
@risaeats1960: it says voting has ended. ya gotsta click on the tab that says vote apparently.
my friend and amazing designer heidi abra is having a private sale to benefit triple negative breast cancer research:
@enterdelusion: jon braver attempts to protect @actuallynph from the #plague... was he successful?
new himym on tonight! tune in, it's the best episode ever! well, not sure about that, but it's the newest episode ever!
happy 3rd birthday, gideon scott burtka-harris! love you sooo much, too!
@nanda1336: found dog on sierra bonita and sunset in la. no collar, no chip (bandana from groomer).
i love new york! cant wait to live here full time! #citythatneversleeps
my friend joanne tatham is performing tonight and tomorrow in nyc, at the famous @thecarlylehotel. great cabaret, check it out.
@rorybottoms: i read that as dick enchiladas  also delicious.
shitty day. #someonecutthepadlocktomygymlockerandstolemywallwtandcarkeysgreatgoodtimes
@broadwaycom: magic extravaganza nothing to hide headed off-broadway, directed by neil patrick harris:
just saw elton john perform at the dress rehearsal of the @primetimeemmys. amazing. hes so craaazy talented! #mustwatch
we just won an emmy for the tony awards!!  yahoooo!!
starting to prep for the @primetimeemmys. i have a lot of tv to watch..!
had an absolute blast at the lexus new york fashion week show. holograms, yo!
happy labor day, everyone! hope you get to honor and celebrate working by not.
i've decided that i'd like to be j.j. abrams' best friend.  i feel like that should happen.
i had the great pleasure of meeting @gdelaurentiis last night. she's even sexier in person.
well done, wentworth miller.  bravo.
the hilarious dudes from @rifftrax are riffing on starship troopers, in select theatres, tomorrow night! check it:
great news! i think we found our emmy opening number:


rest in peace, eileen brennan. your performance of mrs. peacock in clue was one of the funniest ive ever seen. youll be quoted forever.
@matttni: settle a debate. top 3 numbers: "santa fe" "skid row" "aquarius." who wins? a delicious dinner is on the line. skid row fosho.
we took off the geofilter for that vid i tweeted earlier. world, try again!
that comiccon panel was super rad fantastic! our fans rule!
as himym nears its conclusion, i urge everyone to follow @himymprod. lots of exclusive content, candid on set pics, etc. good times.
love this: a kickstarter to create awesome trophies for everyday occurrences. hilarious video, too.
how i met your mother, season 9 has officially commenced! we had our first read thru today. cant believe it - the beginning of the end.
a special rose for #goodwingames fans: 
@ - . -. . - - -.. . .. -. .-. .. ..
the hidden location has yet to be found. #ushouldawatched
so stoked for the opening tonight of one, the michael jackson cirque show opening at mandalay bay! bring on the awesome! #crotchgrab
and prop 8 was dismissed?!?

huzzah!

christmas comes six months early this year! (less one day)
holy wow! just had a drink at the most amazing bar in hollywood called no vacancy. theatrical speakeasy, sexy bordello vibe. you must go!
just left santa fe again, after more million ways filming. oh man, i love new mexican food. best in town: tomasitas. delicioso!
i just saw that i have 6m twitter followers. holy shit. i guess i need to start watching my language.
had a nice actual birthday on saturday. thanks, @thelondonweho for providing the great good times.
so weird. i woke up this morning with infinite wisdom. not sure why
i just love @colossal and the amazingly creative art he curates. check out these phenomenal origami creations:
also, thanks to @emmgroupnyc for hosting our post show shindig. and for @thegeneralnyc for the giant doughnut cake.
new york is the best! after tony rehearsing, i had a fantastic meal with friends at uncle boons, comfort thai food in soho. #delicious
pssst, listen: today is @davidburtka s birthday. lets hide and on the count of three jump out, surprise him, and sing! one, two, three!
hey, check out this pocket watch! &lt;tick tick tick&gt; you are now hypnotized. watch the #goodwingames tonight on fox! pass it on! &lt;snap&gt;
shooting scenes for @sethmacfarlane s awesome new western film. you wont believe what ive done all day. #physicalcomedemented
excited for the #survivorfinale tonight. im still a diehard fan. its been a crazy season, cant wait to see who takes the title.
at the mayweather fight at the amazing mgm in vegas. never seen a fight up close like this. undercards are unreal!
pacific standard timers: put down the sushi and turn on himym. new episode in 2 minutes! barneys bachelor party! get up in there!
bravo, @jasoncollins34! thanks for stepping up. for standing tall. and at 7 feet, that's saying a lot.
my vote for best dad ever (via @colossal):
@mindmessed: violence is never random; chaos never truly unpredictable.  it is if youre the poor person standing next to the bomber.
just went to the @pointfoundation awards hosted by the magnetic @davidburtka. great night, amazing organization. check it out.
rest of the night was a treasure hunt blur. multiple clues at three theaters, tequila at toloach, then whisked away to @sleepnomorenyc !
complicated clue on bathroom mirror lead me to lunch at babbo! (where @davidburtka used to work) delicious as always, @mariobatali. thanks!
honestly? disney is the best. bar none. every moment of this leg has been surreal and perfect. thanks, mickey! now: whats next??
spent a wonderful night in a suite at the @driskillhotel. champagne, romance, and two episodes of american horror story: asylum. #goodtimes
hey, barney and robin fans: vote to make our coupledom official, awesome, and a win! 
@btrfan_nr1: @cirque @davidburtka haha sounds like you're having fun ! :d
did you take some pictures ? :)  yup:
ive dug up locked boxes, driven to vegas, trained with @cirque folk, eaten amazing food, and now am on a train to ?? @davidburtka rules!
just shot my last scene of himyms 8th season. enormous thanks to the writers and dynamite crew for their hard work. #bestjobever
super fun getting slimed w/ sandra bullock at the #kca. less fun ruining my iphone as i text with goopy fingers.
i may be partial, but i'm loving this new song performed by @davidburtka, who i also happen to love.
oh, snap! nothing to hide is on goldstar?? reduced price tix to the best magic around? order quick, yo:
celebrated the 70th bday of @davidburtka s father dan at polish village in hamtramck. best polish food in mi!
please support this creepy ghost story puppet film on kickstarter. kevin is super talented and come on, its puppets!
today is international sword swallowers day. im sure there are lots of jokes there, but figured the legit carnies deserve a shout out.
happy valentines day! whether youre in a relationship or not, make sure to tell those close to you that you love em.
prince: heavy on accessories, light on vocabulary.
rihanna is gorgeous! but i thought that song was about chris brown, not some guy in a black knit ski cap.
loving @rupaul and the new season of rupauls drag race! can i get an amen up in here?? #teamdetox
im a lucky guy. @davidburtka made this for dinner: grilled fish, fresh produce from the garden. delicious. boom.
man, beyonces show was powerful
perhaps my favorite account of someones experience seeing nothing to hide at the geffen:
having a lovely dinner with the mandms gang, hosted by the legendary @chefjohnbesh. chocolaty goodness. @betterwithmms
dinner: @revolutionnola. outstanding. best dish: gulf shrimp and grits. just wow.
interesting: the boy scouts have created a line to call for your opinion on keeping the ban in place. call 972-580-2330 and affect change!
come on, boy scouts, do the right thing. diversity should be honored and valued. there should be a merit badge for it.
crazy amazing meal. thank you, @wolvesmouth. if you love amazing food and a memorable night, track him down!
when sculpture meets magic - the unbelievable art of @jontyhurwitz :
the ride continues. so proud of #nothingtohide. magic is rad.
i just wanna say, @joshgad is hilarious. makes me laugh and laugh. love his comedy.
congratulations, noah st. john. your passionate recitation made my day, and is an absolute must watch:
also, i must say i'm very excited for the super bowl. i love football - look forward to it every year. #noagenda
happy last day of 2012! i hope you spend at least a small part of your day in reflection, and a large part of your day in ebriated.
ms. harper likes mr. potato heads fashion sense. she is quite the looker, but i think its a bit shortsighted.
sites back up. sorry. go buy tickets for nothing to hide. yay! 
latest episode of neils puppet dreams -
happy 12/12/12 everyone! hope something exciting happens today. the same number 3 times wont occur again until 13/13/13. so take it in.
check out my good friend asher monroes new video. hes easy on the eyes and ears!
@marudelgaizo: barney 's disappointing lately. what are your comments about that?  wait for it
dining my way through dc. 1st stop: @graffiato. delicious pizza and the best brussels sprouts ive ever eaten.
loved loved the mystery of edwin drood! the cast was inspiring, rupert holmes is a genius. go see it! you get to choose who-dunn-it!
an awesome review for nothing to hide, the show i directed that just opened at the @geffenplayhouse in la:
i found out im last in votes behind eric stonestreet whos not even nominated. tweet: neil patrick harris #comedictvactor #peopleschoice
this just in: @nerdist released the behind the scenes of my web series w/ the henson puppets: neils puppet dreams!
dudes! i got nominated for a people's choice award! favcomedictvactr. i politely request multiple votes. start here:
new himym tonight. make sure to watch: we are going to reveal the mother! ok, thats a lie. but itll still be good comedy shenanigans!
bummed i cant make it to vegas tonight for the @cirque premiere of zarkana at the aria. maybe i should go see iris instead. its amazing.
please please vote tomorrow. and spend some time educating yourself to make informed choices. its your civic duty. heee. i said duty.
has a scary good time at @blumhouse last night! between that and @hauntedplay, its great to see l.a. haunts taking it to another level!
stay strong, east coasters. youre awesome and resilient. sending you good and dry vibes.
in the center ring: bday party pic of the swell circus dog show, courtesy of kyra sundance and her dog jadie!
we managed to extend the sold out run of delusion for three more days! nov. 15-17. order quick, they wont last long.
yay! our run of delusion is now sold out (cue ominous/awesome music by composer, siddartha (
happy ten eleven twelve, everyone!
if my life werent random enough, im now at the madonna concert at the staples center. madness! sorry, elton.
pro: got to eat delicious, green chile filled new mexican food at every meal for the past three days. con: now my bottom stings.
brought the family to abq for the balloon fiesta. too windy! they called it off! grrr..! fingers xd for tomorrow. time for green chile!
be forewarned! tix are scarce for delusion. thursday is lgbt night, supporting @trevorproject. scream and then flirt.
@feliciaday: dr horrible reunion at haunted play. so fun!  @ haunted play: delusion
life is better when you are in vegas and drinking ros by the pool. just sayin.
im on @craigyferg tonight. quick, watch! he tries to murder me!
the easiest way to get involved is voting. check me out in @rockthevote's #wewill psa and then register to vote! 
this himym monologue took me over seven years to memorize:  

i wish i could move to vegas just so i could work out at this gym:
people in l.a.: if you like magic, as i do, check out @justin_willman and his show at club nokia 9/29. he'll explain:
check out my good bud @ashermonroe in his new video #herewithyou on @mtvbuzzworthy


@francoberry: no way! pixar studios!! way. waaaay.
from one neil to another: you affected the history of the world, mr. armstrong. few will ever achieve that. rest in peace.
good morning! gandh are rocking their rad high chairs, about to have pancakes and bacon. a lovely day! @babybjornus
had a first rate dinner: @scarpettabh  thanks for the deliciousness, @conantnyc  food pics aplenty: @nphfoodporn
i absolutely love the views here in the south of france! :) #district14
federal funded bigotry from my home town, albuquerque. this one hits home:
super random question: does anyone have a contact number for an air france person at lax? i left something on a flight and need to find it!
annnnnd, scene.
i just bought an adorable victorian hand mirror and a small crystal salt shaker - still filled with salt!  what luck!
looking forward to the new big brother tonight. but if there aren't any super hot people that are also cool, i'm out! #majortimecommitment
night. its late in paris and i must sleep now. im this tired:
@daddycolebomma: @actuallynph if i had to go gay for one person it would be you dude. #rockoutwithourcocksout love it.
@tabret2004: i found the other week you were gay. i refuse to believe it. youre wearing a tank top and a cowboy hat. you believe it.
paris: dinner at kong. waited an hour for our table, wine uncorked onto my pants, entree dropped on my jacket. bad form! #tweetpercussions
since im back in la, david threw me a belated birthday party today! thanks @perrier_jouet for the champagne! im d-runk!
goodbye, montreal! i had such a great time - the sights, the food, the people - i think you might be my favorite city in canada!
dr. will kirby, the greatest big brother contestant ever (and my good bud) is now on twitter: @reallywillkirby  welcome!
@sameckhardt3: was this for himym, or a movie role? i'm still filming the smurf sequel. himym starts back in august.
@eve1dissolved: need the leather sofa in your living room for my new home! where can i buy one! restoration hardw, err, totally custom!
we had lunch at park (enjoy the pic), saw the new cirque show, amaluna, then dinner at au pied de cochon! yum!
my last b'day gift suggestion didn't fit everyone's price range. don't fret - you could instead get me this:
more unreal art! are you kidding me?!?
ok, off to set. have a swell, twitterific day.
@tamster21: if you could of switched with any of the performers to do their number, which would it be? james corden. physical comedy rocks
@samsvirtuallife: did you sing the last note of the out of time song for the live audience? no. same gag for them.
@culbek: did you write the songs? no, david javerbaum and adam schlesinger: opening and closing. michael john lachiusa: mid show mashup.
finally got some rest. the tonys are over! had a blast. thanks so much for watching! happy to answer any questions...
here's a nice article from the hollywood reporter about preparing for @thetonyawards:
@deadair311: just curious, will you ever post a negative theatre report? not during tony week. but i do choose my words very particularly.
theatre report: saw clybourne park. loved. kind of can't stop pondering it.  i suspect it'll be performed around america for years.
@athorn90:
theatre report: saw end of the rainbow. tracie bennett rules, shouting and popping pills and belting out tunes. made me miss my mom. i kid.
great day. ate another spectacular meal at @chefantoniopark. unfortunately i'm filming all night long. so late night tweets are appreciated.
what tux should i wear for @thetonyawards? i need to pick a great designer... suggestions?
a heartfelt thank you to all of the men and women who serve(d) in our military. what you did, and continue to do, is awesome.
this video made me laugh. i think i've found my new favorite catch phrase. 
last night i had the honor of hosting a celebration of the brilliant @sleepnomorenyc 's 500th show. loveliest people ever. don't miss it!
theatre report: saw death of a salesman tonight. beautifully directed. what the actors go through each show..! it's masochistic.
an important read:
today @thejoelstein 1st book, man made, comes out. ive been told its great. albeit, by joel.
oh my god. i just revealed that my mother eats people. on this, of all days. what have i done? what have i done?!?
2 nights ago i had another wonderful meal at park. just go and sit and let @chefantoniopark rule your world. here's what i had:
@toooshie: or members of the pink ladies and the t-birds. or ninjas. or modern dancers. their futures are so bright!
@beaslma or....or.... watch these dominos fall down :-)
@lizzylovefinny have you ever read bed time stories to your kids??? please stop shouting at me.
@bonovox1984 favorite drink? cold sake. or an old fashioned. or a pina colada. or a mimosa. or a margarita. wow. that was revealing.
@delinage do you like himym finale? are you happy about it?  it's gonna be rad, yeah. shouldn't dissappoint.
@rbrucekerr was it hard to decide to adopt? didn't adopt. went with surrogacy. extremely happy with the outcome(s).
@couger8 what's the hardest roll that you acted in?  i'd have to go with sourdough. freshly baked. painful.
i'm on a plane, heading to montreal.  think i'll answer some questions for a bit. ready... go.
yet another my life is random moments: oprah came over to our house today. i made her pizza. here i am pointing at her.
alright, no more wedding pics. wait wait, just one more: the dapper groomsmen, on their way to the ceremony.
loving the blog
it's a beautiful day.
restorante la giostra. best meal in florence, hands down. buckle up - it's gonna be a yummy ride!
i keep trying to high five people here and they just frown, mutter 'americano...' and walk away. oh well. 

no worries. tomorrow i eat!
for ever, dick clark... so long.
just tweeted many pics and  descriptions from an amazing meal on wednesday. go to @nphfoodporn. this was one course:
just got back from three days in montreal. great town, and the food rocks. last night ate at park (@chefantoniopark). delicious pics soon.
so as my 3,000,000th follower never responded, the ducky tie now goes to #3,000,001! congrats, @forcefieldjer. dm me for deets.
all in all, a lovely meal. very french and fancy. extra expensive, though. good for a special occasion..?
course 3b: atlantic halibut. wild ramps and white zucchini. ramps are back in season. eat them whenever you can.
course 1b: hot and cold foie gras. blood orange, rhubarb and kumquat.
so @davidburtka and i had our anniversary meal at mlisse in santa monica. here's what we ate. let the food porn commence! (trumpet sounds)
dinner at melisse in santa monica. delicious. i'm so full i may burst. will provide a full pictorial report tomorrow.
having a rough time sifting through all of these guesses. twitter won't let me access all of the responses! stay tuned...
in honor of @derrenbrown: i'm thinking of a # between 1 and 3,000,000. closest guess wins. i'll stop taking guesses in 3 hours. good luck.
@ojoya: i've never understood giving a future follower a prize. why not give a random follower something when you hit 3mil?" good point...
remember that cool comic book i mentioned before? (@smokemirrorsidw) get yours now at your local comic shop or

course 6: arroz con erizo. peruvian paella, mixed seafood, sea urchin sauce.
course 3: anticucho black cod. miso glaze, crispy sweet potato. unreal.
course 1: anticucho alitas de pollo (it's peruvian, deal with it).  chicken wings, lime. outstanding.
must go home now and eat tums. 'night night.
can't... stop... eating...
course 7: polipo harissa. grilled octopus, harissa, ceci beans.
course 3: granchio. dungeness crab, endive, grapefruit vinaigrette. crisp, tart, delicious.
can't say enough about the greatness of @equinox gyms. and if you sign up and say i sent you, i think i get a free massage. so join! #noagenda
begorrah! we found a leprechaun! a real life lil' leprechaun, we did! maybe we'll keep her!
boy, the background actors at maclaren's today were better looking than ever!
check out @janetvarney and her new podcast, #jvclub. first interview: christina hendricks, and her dorky teenage years!
@whittywhitters: @actuallynph this is in the ward at northwick park hospital, london. greatest clock ever?
flying 1st class: grand. having the flu: not so much. ears not able to pop for 90 agonizing minutes as we descended: umm, priceless..?
spent the evening emceeing an event, christening the new disney cruise ship, fantasy. it is (and i'm not being paid to say this) phenomenal!
course 4d: chocolate brownie cake, tres leches ice cream, rum chocolate sauce.
course 3f (i know, i know): cantonese lobster. perhaps the best lobster i've had.
@brwn81: @actuallynph if i was to ever have sex with food, i think it would be that dish. that looks good as fuck.  right?!?
course 2a: crispy shrimp with spicy miso.
@96becky happy birthday, ms. stinson.
watch the new episode of himym tonight and try to spot the awesomest of dudes randomly hanging out at maclaren's. #dontblink
at comme ca, a fantastic restaurant in las vegas. why do i always tweet about food? we are celebrating jen burtka's 40th b'day. good times.
course 9c: apple, caramel, bunt wood ice cream. one of the best desserts i've ever had. outstanding!
course 8a: beef cheek, fried tendon, carrots, tofu mustard and nasturtium. i'm getting full, but i can't stop eating.
course six b: sea bass, cauliflower, smoked raisin, caper, brown butter sauce.
course 4: roasted carrots, coconut ice, cardamom soil, carrot juice, curry. chilly and great.
1st course: beau soleil oysters with mignonette ice. aphrodisiliciois!
yowza! look what arrived for a certain me on set just now. thanks, @davidburtka. how romantical!
great grammys! bravo to the entire gang that produces this show. seriously, from backstage it's unreal. crew, handlers, producers: bravo!
just hung out with fergie. not only is she hot and talented and super cool, but she's a 2 time grammy winner tonight.  8 so far. respect.
the amazing kelly clarkson singing her face off on the set of hugo!
such sad news about whitney houston. she was a legend, but what a life..! my thoughts and prayers go out to her family.
just watched the super bowl halftime show on tv. i think it's one of the best produced shows ever. big ups to all that worked so hard on it.
oh, and i finally ate at @stelmo! so happy i couldn't stop crying. partly because we got a table, mostly from the spicy shrimp cocktail.
saw @billyeichner on the street with a camera crew. i wanted to jump out of the car a play a game with him. love that guy.
very excited for a super bowl weekend in indianapolis. where should i go? i hear there's a big football game on sunday.
honored to help m&ms reveal @mmsbrown this week in la! watch her tv debut this sunday at the super bowl. #spon
learn more about m&ms new character - ms. brown - on the book of face: 
@davidepedroli: @actuallynph an orphan w/ automaton in a train station or a movie pioneer?" kinda both! and a love story. and an adventure!
m&ms asked me to announce that a new character, ms. brown, will be unveiled during the sb. meet her before her big debut: @mmsbrown! #spon
in today's current political climate, i suppose it's no longer appropriate to say 'bully! bully!' as an expression of admiration.
@johnwluke: @actuallynph my license plate of wwnphd is up for renewal. should i let the joke die or renew? you'd best renew, mr. picard.
so this box arrived from the syfy network. if i open it, i keep the loot. if i resist temptation, they'll give a gift to humanity. hmmm...
i've found a new tv obsession: celebrity big brother uk. can't stop watching youtube videos! i so badly want to partake!
game show fans: please watch the price is right tomorrow. i get to play. and spin the wheel. and i may get tackled. good times.
rt @chrisisalover  being proud of yourself is a really important thing. stand tall, chris. individuality is sexy.
happy 12/25, everyone. we've had an amazing xmas. loads of gifts! quick question: coal is good, right? a sign of respect?
there may be nothing more deliciouser than hagen-dazs chocolate peanut butter ice cream. it's nirvana.
i love buying christmas presents for people!  especially when that people is myself.
@lindazilla: @actuallynph what is the name of the sushi place you love love in the studio city area? i need a fix. kiwami. the best.
nice! just heard about @howardstern. thrilled he is the new judge on america's got talent! just became appointment tv. he'll be amazing!
just left the happy, hypnotic haze of disney world and entered the harsh realities of actual world. it's a cruel slap in face, i tells ya.
...zip-a-dee-ay! my, oh my, what a wonderful day!
btw, tonight's himym is worth watching. cobie smulders is so rare and funny and subtle and dope. attention must be paid!
just saw the b'way play other desert cities. glorious, intricate, superb writing, impeccable cast. a brilliant night of theatre.
@mr_jtee: @actuallynph bro..where do you get you suits from? that gray one on the kelly show is too fly. thanks. that was simon spurr.
just got home from the most spectacular evening at @sleepnomorenyc. i'll explain all on live tomorrow morning with @kellyripa.
saturday night we ate at the restaurant lexington brass (lex twixt 48&49). maybe the best fish and chips i've had:
congratulation on an extraordinary run, regis. you're an inspiration, and a class act. you and @kellyripa were great together. thank you.
calling all fans (and all people who make those awesome robo-voting programs):
at long last, @jasonsegel is live on twitter. be warned. be afraid.
david's @gourmetmd served fantastic food presented in the most disgusting ways imaginable (didn't mean to offend). gross, yet gourmet.
rt @sararymarcsuk @actuallynph my friend's halloween costume.  it made my life. 
hope everyone partied it up last night, costume-style! send me pics. i wanna see what you wore. i'll rt the great ones.
i just woke up.  my head is pounding.  my toilet is filled with gold!  what just happened?
two million followers?!? oh my stars! how should we celebrate? wait, what's this? goldschlger? um, okay. (pour) cheers! (slam) grrr!
the people choose: click here and vote, if you wanna:
happy international suit up day! pimp your threads with pride, and send me pics as i want proof of your awesomeness.
rest in peace, steve jobs.  your genius will live on for generations to come...
i can't get over it. best concert i've ever been to. and i'm not a shill. just a fan. wow.
@atigs  break legs, andy. specifically, captain hammer's. i'm sure you'll knock 'em dead. and the 'em is, one again, captain hammer.
equinox gyms turn 20 today. i must say, they don't look it. #happy20thequinox
things i dig: chick-fil-a.  ohmygodtheirfoodissodeliciousandtheyareopeningalocationinhollywoodinthreedays!!!  gah!! i'm obsessed.
things i dig:
looking for an affordable, reliable, awesome handyman to help with a big family project in abq, nm. anyone interested?
things i dig: monkeys.
rt @whasabae @actuallynph have you been watching #cbsbigbrother this season? if so, your thoughts on it...) jordan, all the way. i love her.
book seats to live local events thru @goldstar. they just sold their 5 millionth ticket! read the @techcrunch write up:
sorry i haven't tweeted lately. i fear i've run out of things to say. like we're on an awkward 4th date, staring at each other in silence.
had a lot of fun with @bravoandy last night. here's a picture of me pointing at him:
rt @kellyripa hey @actuallynph check it out! smurftastic!!
what a rush! i must say, i feel so proud of all of the dancers. from dress rehearsal through live broadcast, they gave their all. well done.
gideon & harper are 9 months old today. having a low key party. 400 people. viper room. slam dancing. pitbull is performing. should be dope.
my mother's father, g. walter scott, passed away this afternoon. he was 95, and was a great influence on me. rest in peace, grandpa scott.
just left atlanta after a few days of fun. amazing restaurants! flip burger was unreal. woodfire grill tasting: spectacular! top chefs rock.
and now, for something far less political: a rock juggling otter! 
i'd sure love to get married. please, ny senate, vote in favor of marriage equality today. my family would really appreciate it.
may be seeing sleep no more again tonight. but as everyone wears masks throughout the show, you'll never knoooooow..!
flying east.  loving loving the wifi on the plane!  thank you gogo inflight.  you keep me away from skymall and it's wondrous treasures.
then, in the backyard, he hired a group of acrobats to do this epic cirque-like show in/around the pool. with fire!! @davidburtka rules.
after many many months, spider-man opens on b'way tonight. to the great cast and crew who knew not what they were in for: congratulations!
walking the high line for the first time. about to see the sun set. the vibe here is great, everyone is so happy. new york is fantastic!
in prepping for the tonys, i find that i only have 2 1/2 hours of spiderman material, and need much more. so. favorite spiderman joke. go:
jane lynch is hosting this year's emmys. great call. perfect choice. can't wait.
@tykapfh is there ever a show you don't like?! // oh yeah. i'm just very specific in my wording. compliments don't always equal raves.
what number can book of mormon even do on @thetonyawards?!?
the tony preparations continue. saw how to succeed last night. daniel was robbed. rob ashford's direction rules. the crows went nuts.
himym season 6 finale is tonight! you should watch, as one character will die! not really, but it's a funny show:
ashton's replacing charlie?  good times! cbs shindigs just got much easier on the eyes...
nyers: i'm trying to find a simple, furnished sublet for our nanny in the upper west side-ish area for a month or so.  any leads?
happy mother's day, everyone!  i'm very lucky to have a mom i respect and love. sheila (@gladsheila), i'm super proud to be your son.
navy seals are the s#it.
@nathanfillion thanks, err. um. i've.. gotta... err.  i'm now feeling a little... naus... umm... i should sit down, now, nathan. um, thanks.
unsolicited rave: i love equinox and their gyms. super clean, new equipment, great employees. makes me look forward to working out...
@rhydlover we are super duper happy. david is my hero.
company rehearsals are exhausting madness. colbert is kigass: 
i'm sick of these negative responses! rude, hurtful, constant - it's too much. i'm leaving twitter. love to say i'm joking, but i'm not.
just performed at a benefit in ojai, ca. at the dinner after sat next to friggin' @conanobrien and his lovely wife! he's very rad. #teamcoco
ok, no more answering of questions for a spell. knuckleheads keep sending the same ones to me hundreds of times...
oops.  "potubef" should be "potubhf."
@ampnga there will be another h&k. a holiday flick - in 3d, no less!  and come on, a shotgun blast can't keep a drug-addled nph down...
thanks for seeing @beastlymovie, those that did. now if each of you tell 287 of your friends to do the same we can beat rango! let's do it!
happy oscar sunday!  i'm grateful that i'll be watching from my living room this year, and not hyperventilating offstage, about to perform.
arcade fire!  i'm having... a... seizure..!
i'm backstage. i've already declared cee lo's my favorite performance. you'll see why shortly.
loved lady gaga's ode to haunted mansion's pipe organ.  respect.
@ithacappella's cover of "firework" is now on itunes! 100% of proceeds go to #thetrevorproject. please support 'em.
i'm loving the new ipad newspaper, the daily. it's fantastic. interactive. i'm finally living life like i'm in an epcot center ride!
interviewing brian henson was rad. thanks for your muppet questions, everyone. the show was a blast! pointing pic:
meh, maybe i'll just spring for liposuction and 639 muscle implants...
@emsilyanne i love scavenger hunts! hope you win!
@fasjr609 please thank your friend profusely. my phone is safely in my digits.
wow, queen latifa gets an a+! best host ever! and she's totally not pinning me to the wall backstage, choking me... as i... write this..!
neil's new year resolutions, part 8: more nachos.
neil's new year resolutions, part 4: send more thank you notes. it only takes a few minutes, and is a very nice gesture.
great congratulations to david furnish & elton john on the birth of their son, zachary! can't wait for play dates in the south of france...
here's the greatest holiday video maybe ever: rt @motancharoen: happy holidays yo! with love from me and @jedwhedon
don't ask, don't tell repealed! so proud of congress for making the right decision. now all soldiers can serve with integrity. a great day.
two merry questions:  what's your favorite holiday song and why?
a million followers. 

rad. 

thanks for reading the stuff i write.  i'll try not to misspell words very otfen.
@nathanfillion and to you, sir. as delightful and debonaire as e'er.  thanks for telling me the secrets to the walking dead.
@marlimt @actuallynph hey quick question: are you in the new animated movie rio?  nope.
i'm hosting the video game awards this saturday on spiketv. they're using 'augmented reality' technology throughout. crazy new amazing.
what i'm thankful for, part 10: walt disney world, our himym resident director pam fryman, canon s90, this guy:
what i'm thankful for, part 7: the fact that everyone is taking a few hours out of this day to vote 10000 times (
what i'm thankful for, part 3: jason segel reviving the muppets, frontier burritos, our troops here and abroad, burp cloths, doodle jump.
excited about tomorrow. my 39th annual 'what i'm thankful for' list will have many chapters, and overstay it's welcome. much like relatives.
sorry, here's the link:
i'm apparently up for a people's choice award. if you have a few minutes, please vote for me five billion times. 
this is my new favorite animal!  the magician of the sea: 
sad news: tom bosley has passed away. such a wonderful man. we worked together in cabaret on broadway. so kind. he will be missed...
come see this immersive theatre show i'm producing: accomplice. discount tix! $45 tix in hollywood $40 ny fridays!
crap. it's bazaar, not bizarre. sorry. bazaar=delicious dinner. bizarre=me.
decrypting.  encrypting would be pointless.  sorry.
this week's returning himym guest star: hilarious, hilarious, friggin' hilarious. we love us some wf!
i need a computer savvy person in new mexico (preferably abq) to help my brother with some it issues for our restaurant. any suggestions?
just saw a little night music on b'way. intimate, lovely. bernadette peters is beautiful, strong, fragile, kinda perfect. try to see it.
just read a letter given to me at the benefit, was supposed to read it while there. so sorry, rita. happy 32nd anniversary to you and kelli!
just spent the day on set with frances conroy/wayne brady. very proud to be their son/brother.  excited about season six of himym.
so, get this: david and i are expecting twins this fall. we're super excited/nervous/thrilled. hoping the press can respect our privacy...
rent 1st performance last night. very, very proud. remarkable, considering it was the first full run thru with lights, orchestra, etc.
vanessa's awesome. bringing her own ideas, so we've decided to change some of the show. here's her new solo: 
link didn't seem to work. take 2:


went to the best wine shop in the eastern market: cost plus wine shop. such a great selection. tell them i sent you. love deeee troit!
just saw toy story 3.  how is pixar always so perfect?
in santorini, the katikies is sublime!  not to shill, but i'm loving these leading small hotels of the world. if they need an ambassador...
in athens, on vacation. hiked up to the acropolis. saw the parthenon. blown away. so much more authentic than the one in nashville...
the cbs gang got me perhaps the coolest gift ever - the actual immunity idol from survivor: china!  check it:
things i want for my birthday, chapter 8: a rolla bolla, vip seats to the us open, this skill:
@callousnstrange   i start sending thank you cards?
things i want for my birthday, chapter 4: a saltwater aquarium, rad clothes from all saints, wood burning brick pizza oven, and disneyland.
hey, found out my birthday is the day after real housewife of nj's danielle staub's sex tape is released. um, no need to get me any gifts...
oops. it's @regis_and_kelly

my bad. sorry, kel.
these hyper-physical b'way musicals   make me feel old and weak. saw fela last night (loved!), and almost sprained my back just watching it.
late night with the survivor all stars.  heading to the dirty east village club, thr box.  i'm in reality heaven.
@debskittles well then... happy birrrrrr... (inhale) ... rrrrrr... (inhale) ... rrrrrr... (inhale) ... rrrrrr... (inhale) ... rrrrrr...
.noitucexe ni naht yroeht ni gnisuma erom hcum si gniteewt sdrawkcab
duuudes! 24 hour sale! $40 tix to any accomplice show, any future date.  use discount code 'slipknot'. tix here:
@jessbloom says who, jess?  i ashamed that you're following me. aaaaand, block.
this is what i see all day, acting alongside the smurfs:
bloody bloody andrew jackson. rock musical at the public.  what a terrific, gifted ensemble.  everyone was strong. raucous good times.
in the audience @ watch what happens live w/ @bravoandy and guests @jessetyler and @bethenny. hilarious. look:
i had so much fun going to accomplice: hollywood yesterday and taking friends that hadn't done it! /via @perezhilton  accomplicetheshow.com
dinner at mario batali's babbo.  time and again, the best italian food in nyc. tonight, i at the best rib eye of my life. unfrigginreal...
@perezhilton: well, i hope when you see it, you like her.  i look forward to reading your post-show wrap up.
@perezhilton: don't be such a hater about vanessa in rent. she came in, smoking hot, knew the part, sang it great. why not be open it?
not for nothin' or nothin', but check out this random popularityometer: 
if you're not watching life on discovery hd, for shame!  it's magnificent.  absolutely unbelievable.  for heaven's sake, tivo it.  xo, n
as if life couldn't get much more surreal these past weeks (oscars, glee), i'm about to board a private jet to vegas with jlo and the rock.
super kind responses. word up. thanks. oh, fyi: my first day of filming glee was yesterday. 14 hours. tired, but worth it. they all rock.
@ewausiellofiles sorry, michael. but do i have your blessing?  i'll do my smurfiest to represent well...
best answer yet! ----&gt; @jessamarie9 me as elphaba!
agenda-free plug: as far as gymnasium organizations go, equinox is fantastic. they are classy, state-of-the-art, and everywhere. my 2 cents.
jennifer lopez was really great - hot, cool, and funny.  and well prepared! she gave me a few pointers. here's one:
j lo's on himym, not glee.  at least not yet.  future ted mosby got to her first!  how bout that?  bang!
stunning immersive theatre last night: shunt's money:
london is dreary and drizzly and perfect.  i'm here filming a pilot for a new show.  it tapes thursday.  send good vibes?  thanks.  cheerio!
that being said, i have a new favorite word and obsession:

ipad

(drool...)
@dustingibson thank you so much.  random that you bolted for the door when you finished and didn't allow us to say anything..!  but, thanks.
i'm newly on the bod for the trevor project. it's a truly great organization. if they could win that $$$, it'd be phenomenal. please vote!!
sitting at the our table is robin thicke, chase crawford and mayor villaraigosa. eclectic. just poured them champagne. let the party begin!
@daniels_den absolutely not me.  51,000 fans?  lame.
dr. horrible alert: commentary! the musical is now available on itunes. it's rad. made me laugh. fans should find it and buy. i sure did...
@thadcastle dude, that link is hilarious. 
holy wow, gang! i won! thanks a million for voting. this totally makes up for the peoples choice awards that i was strangely not invited to!
nice.  for me: loved tiki towers. until i didn't. then rope 'n fly. now peggle!  productivity: ghost cam annnd... indiana jones sound board?
@thatkevinsmith didn't realize the upset my words caused.  looked back at what you said, and i concur.  ignorance on my part.  apologies.
happy 'aught ten', everybodies!  may your next year be full of adventure, good health, close friends, and a reasonable amount of sobriety.
food tweet #1973: having our big xmas dinner at mario batali's babbo, david's old stomping grounds. so full of joy: 
holiday airline madness! flight to ny cancelled, mad dash to find seats in full planes. feel like i'm on the amazing race. in the bad way.
even cooler: washington, d.c. approves marriage equality in an 11-2 vote.  heading to congress.  it's a good day. 
my first holiday party of the season  fun, great good people. here's the hostess: 
holy didn't really appreciate my last tweet.  meant no historical disrespect. twas a joke about my pointing pics only. sorry. i'm tired.
come experience accomplice: hollywood, a show i'm co-producing in l.a. watch: www.nikkidesmond.com for backstory. kinda treasure-hunty.
@jillmgut katsu-ya, studio city. hands down. spicy tuuuna on crispy rice. unng!  lust.
happy slapsgiving, everyone!  make sure to spend a few minutes being thankful, and letting those that you love know about it.  xoxo, neil
happy day before thanksgiving, peeps! i'm in nm, visiting the family. gettin ready for the big meal tomorrow. gonna eat me some albu-turkey!
@impalajones so tough to pick just one. slap bet?  naked man?  the pineapple incident?  oooh, wait!  of course!  my all time favorite is th
offstage, about to go on: 
@jbmcguinness hi, james.
@wolven.  damn skippy!
oops. tweets.  w.   t-w-e-e-t-s.  my bad. teets are different.  they are always used for comedy...  apologies.
filming dance numbers is taxing!!  when watching at home, you forget there were 1,420 thousand takes.  i just slipped and nearly broke my co
alright, alright.  i'm done with the '140 character' running gag.  sorry, it makes me laugh.  but as my wise father ron always says, "know w
@alwaysmix : ah, perfect.  thanks.  i totally get it now.
my first tweet, peeps.  i apologize in advance for my slow learning curve.  nice to (sort of) meet you.  it's amazing how quickly 140 charac
my first tweet, peeps.  i apologize in advance for my slow learning curve.  nice to (sort of) meet you.  it's amazing how quickly 140 charac
happy birthday @juddapatow! it's hard to believe this was 6 years ago, it feels way more like 5 or 7:
ron burgundy interviewing peyton manning is the super bowl of stuff you should watch right now:
a lot of people don't know this, but every major actor (including big bird) has starred in chicago on broadway:
this new @best_coast video will teach you their lyrics and make you a better tennis player! at the same damn time:
"can you pay my bills?" "wow, that's a lot to ask." "pay my telephone bills?" "..." "pay my auto-mo-bills?" "we should see other people."
leaked email from the westboro baptist church regarding their decision to picket paul walker's funeral:
"deadline: the movie" w/ jean smart as @nikkifinke tells the thrilling tale of hollywood's most notorious blogger:
a video for anyone that knows a self-proclaimed #blessed girl who's making social media unbearable:
it's black friday! wake up from your turkey coma and buy our game! tweet a pic @ us w/ the box, we'll rt our favorites!
we brought our party game to a retirement home and these senior citizens went ham like it was matlock's birthday:
spending time with your family during the holidays isn't always the easiest. get our party game to help the cause:
want to spin a basketball on your finger? here are 14 useful tips to accomplish that lofty goal:
56 things you must do this thanksgiving
we have no built-in cultural failsafe to determine the point at which tyler perry is just fucking with us.
give a man a fish, he's like, "are you ok?" teach a man to fish, he's all, "what's with the fish, steve? you may be having a mental crisis."
in addition to being a master flautist, ron burgundy is also a published author. yes, this is a real book.
...sharing, get in the car still talking about it time. smiling. laughter...
@theawesomeator ...most people have them, they feel them, they enjoy them and they let them fly away. i don't...
@joristeele 1) jell-o pudding pops. 2) "dad is great." 3) "hey hey hey!"
@flyinglizards ...and at me by old people (25, 34, 40, etc) and then i recalled these things. the words into sentences...
@sgtskinner don't start me talkin, i'll tell everything i know by mr. johnson
@tweetsfortroops ...it leads to how they can acquire the things they want. it's not a trap. it leads to studying...
@zeblamb "i," he said, smiling shyly.
i wrote a composition which he read out loud to the class. he said, "this is what i'm looking for. the rest of you are boring."
@joey__t ...the networks want the viewer to recognize the "cosby" brand and enjoy it. as in "bill cosby: far from finished"
@joerin_12 to measure my work i listen to people in airports and different meet and greets at the venues i play...
30 min until @billcosby takes over this acct! start tweeting questions for him now!
hear @sarahksilverman recall the time she met obama in this clip from we are miracles:
what it would look like if the hunger games was told through facebook:
"what would jean-claude van damme do?" shirts available now in our @bustedtees store!
a grateful @billcosby thanks the first human who ever thought to cook a turkey in this animated thanksgiving special:
150 years ago today, lincoln delivered the gettysburg address. just something to reflect on as you hit send on a tweet about a fart.
in exactly 12 hours, you can win a @dodge durango by touching ron burgundy. here's a little taste:
in george zimmerman's defense, she was dating george zimmerman. (via @billdixonish)
click these links for a good time. will ferrell takes a news quiz, testing the benefits of eating only pizza and more
#ff @kaytranada coming soon to a texas near you.
it's friday! that means it's time to party with the 21 best gifs of all time of the week
a moving speech by @nerdist at the @midnight wrap party erupted in a crew chant of "points! points!" thanks for watching, see you in 2014!
heres your last chance to perform on stage w/ the anchorman cast. it's kind of a big deal:
13 very canadian protest signs from the  anti rob ford rally
"shake it like a white lady" is the new song from @nickcannon that's guaranteed to get your arrhythmic booty moving:
dame judi dench enlists the help of steve coogan to win a pg-13 rating from the mpaa for their new movie:
@joshphosphatase bottom? shit. i dunno! too much pressure ahhhhhhhhh my bottom just wet itself...
@braximum :d
@mikebaz @midnight ha!!!!!!!!!!
@timomajere @nerdist bicycle girl. she left me for lance armstrong. it was personal.
@j_kalva really? they're supposed to be serious. fuck.
@jamalsayedhashi @nerdist hugs!
@beyondurant i think so, yeah. sorry your leader got all kill-y.
@sarahhmariie ahhhh the much noted "hardwick effect". it sounds dirtier than it actually is.
@xhandx both. the former is the prequel to the latter in my mind.
@rozzheeg @midnight cake. i'm easy.
@sarahhmariie though the zombie apocalypse has been kind of a bitch down there...
@freebuffet always need altering/yup/$1/he was nice to me/@skydart's aela the huntress:
@up4bid i would have to grow my hair drapes out again and the world may not be ready for that.
@serenityredrox @nerdist yes i am indeed a browncoat.
@topherriddle @nerdist @midnight i'm high on believing that it'll be back but we don't know for sure yet! #oogachaka #oogaooga
@kayna_jo @nerdist i grout my day with it.
@mkabobo @nerdist it's just too weird.
@jjmahoney3 @nerdist ok!
@ridgwy on tv! and the internets! right now in fact!
@barnezy3 you just need a hug is all.
@thedougiewho fezzes too!
@natasharesent ha! not really. are we in that war?
@aaronbonnette1 yup. or people just stick with the annoying douche theory.
@dylanma28417295 because gays are nicer, in better shape and dress better. i mean, you're straight and look at you. why would i want that?
@thatcrumpton we did! it was in our first year (2010) of the nerdist podcast and was one of my favorite eps. we did it live at smodcastle.
chris hardwick (@nerdist) is taking over this acct in 30 min! start tweeting questions now!
the fod crew with @wolfblitzer today in the situation room
9 rejected chris christie time magazine covers
click these links if you want to live. @azizansari's deleted 'gravity' scenes, 40 signs tv execs are dumb and more:
ready to believe in scientology if they can explain why feet get swollen during a flight.
#ff @ronfunches killing the game.
"sup?"
jim's bowling alley and vasectomy clinic #failedbusinesses @midnight
what it would be like if thor discovered the internet:
guy fieri recently testified in a trial. we've obtained some exclusive sketches from his day in court:
17 gifs of the most painfully awkward high fives in sports history:
we're unveiling the new anchorman 2 poster tomorrow! here's a little taste:
someone who rts wins this giant ping pong paddle signed by @ericstonestreet and @dodgers pitcher @claytonkersh22!
#ff @untresor essential daily spiritual enlightenment.
watch a special halloween edition of @midnight tonight at midnight on @comedycentral. everyone's in costume!
things take a scary and unexpected turn when three horny boys find a peephole to the girls' locker room:
leave your kid at work day #badholidays @midnight
allen iverson announcing his retirement in 2013 is like jimmy carter declaring he has no plans to run for president.
irony man #lamecomicbookcharacters @midnight
happy national cat day! celebrate by acting like you don't care then chase a laser pointer and take a shit in some sand.
go green w/ @dougbenson on a new episode of @midnight tonight at midnight on @comedycentral!
justin beaver
watched 'walking dead' with someone who's never seen it. they said, "jamie lee curtis is in this?" w/o irony and life is worth living again.
more proof that the back to the future song makes everything better:
#ff @midnight get involved.
mr. @thomaslennon is a contestant tonight on @midnight! tune in at midnight on @comedycentral to see how he does.
banksy drops in and reveals his most intimate secrets to two unsuspecting fans.
what's the best way to handle a text from your ex? follow this flowchart to find out:
child star psychologist @kiernanshipka counsels kids from hunger games, insidious and more in this brand new session:
fresh off the ipad air announcement, we made a timely apple parody about timely apple parodies:
buffalo wild wings is a trap house presented by sportscenter.
new study finds breast milk purchased online may have bacteria. other study reports, "no shit," and also, "gross, people do that? blech."
enjoy "this ain't family matters: an xxx parody" and more adult satire in the free new fuck issue of @occasionalmag:
tonight's the last night to watch "we are young" for free on fod! enjoy now and look for theaterical screenings soon:
#ff @theclash still got it.
26 gifs of prince being cool as shit:
thanks all so much. this was a lot of fun. -fred
@fun6001 all of the above.
@briant1976 yeah, i'm interested in visiting all kinds of places. sure i would.
@therealjohnny_d lon chaney, john waters, paul mccartney. as a teen, mick jones.
@jolenetothemoon los angeles
@askmexican i'm trying
@brittanyslomba it's those moments that mean the most. laughing with your friends.
@azizitheawesome that would be nice.
@theshaunnavarro haha! actually, all drummers are great.
@joseramonmarmtz we'd have to drive all the way from the grand canyon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@missmariamac it's an energetic place. it reminds me of europe a little.
@sofiabluestar i tried a bike, but i think i'm too scared. i think true bicyclists are better at being safe.
@donovanstrain i try to think about something else and then when a take is done, that's when i laugh.
@efsmith invention = art.
@adammathow they'd get on the 101, then get on the 5 and take it north.
@mrchazlight strawberries by the damned
@theburninator92 i did. just stepping into this whole new process was huge.
@bootschick there's a running track in la that goes through a park and then around a university. so i'm gonna use that platform.
@fraankdank the fake frank sinatra says, "yeah, man."
fred armisen has taken over! tweet questions for him @funnyordie now and read live answers here:
thanks god shutdown's over and we can go back to doing what america does: not giving a fuck and obsessing over phones. (via @ghostpanther)
16 celebrities' surprising first jobs:
entering hour 5 of being at dodger stadium w/ no baseball, beer or hot dogs. unable to disprove theory that we died and this is purgatory.
on the new little knockers, coach kilmer (@jimoheir) begins cutting his team down to the league-mandated 30 players:
property brothers @mrdrewscott and @mrsilverscott help a conflicted power couple with their (debt) ceiling issues:
white people swaying at concerts dot tumblr dot com
21 best gifs of all time of the week:
still been watchin' real housewives on the low.
the very photogenic @sydwilder teaches you how to take a slutty selfie:
can't explain the government shutdown to your kids? try this: "republicans are putting a boner in america's mouth and telling us to chew."
j mascis (@dinosaurjr) teams up w/ @aimeemann, @jonwurster and @sharonvanetten to cover a john denver classic:
@chuckfooted neither one of us designs, that's @smurfsmith but i give references and input sometimes...
@fiano_villain can u pull some strings to get me one??
@tgravytrain just traded in amg g-wagon for the gl 550 took the remainder and put it on the sls...
@baby_christina1 u ask me the same question everyday and ignore u everyday... click this and show me your purchase and i'll follow bk
@kooliv_ffmg sure can click this link 
@imdaviol8tordmt why does it look like you misspelled "filling" you idiot fuck?
.@rebeccaaromijn is excited to tell you about her handy new product, inspired by the world of modeling:
rapper @pusha_t is taking over our twitter tomorrow at 12:30pm pst for a live qanda! so get some good questions ready.
does anyone know which channel has new breaking bad, think tv is broken please help.
after bearth #addaletterruinamovie
take a look at sex symbols then and now in the free new fuck issue of @occasionalmag:
@conannabanana corn and a high five.
@ieatmycereal love battlestar galactica so muc
@allisonisfab no way bro
@un_screenwriter  macerana
@paarty_annamal yes
@katiegeishirt ann perkins
@caitomall no way bro, ready for action always. actually yeah, i'm a little tired. jesus i'm exhausted. why did you bring this up?
@amykwalter yes as long as people go the next couple weeks
@1910333 really liked the bb finale. that show was great. wish people talked about it more the past few weeks.
@digiranger1994 nope
@redhourben this is what i'm currently studying. how the fuck did you know that?
@alexmparish we shot torque 2 over the summer, dropz memorial day 2015
@theotherhepburn nov 7!
.@mradamscott has taken over! tweet questions for him @funnyordie and read his live answers here:
@jamie__pm midnight
sports fan has a bit to much to drink at the game and goes to town on some popcorn:
27 gifs of the greatest slam dunk attempts the internet has ever seen:
want to feel like you haven't accomplished anything? lorena bobbitt was 23 when she cut off her husband's dick. (via @lianamaeby)
ted cruz barges into ghostbusters hq and shuts down the government:
47 fun things you must do during the government shutdown:
in case you missed it, here's walter white calling uncle buck:
@d_blackmore85 yes everyday i will miss playing walt jr.  it was an honor and will always be an honor
@mark_allen_jr bacon all the way
@javaonline he is a cool dude and better than me
@saxguy01 everyone has experienced discrimination this industry is not for the weak of heart but you have to love it
@nathanbradford1 being apart of it was an amazing honor and i was sad to see it go but i hope everyone enjoyed the finale as much as i did
@evilabed101 i never had trouble with any scenes because brian and anna, the whole show were all there when you needed them the most.
@thatjakeguy123
15 gifs of kids so cool it's not even fair:
there's a breaking bad takeover on fod today! goodnight, sweet prince. we'll miss you, bitch.
#ff @bj_porter and @scottaukerman fern friends.
the 24 best internet reactions to the final season of breaking bad:
infographic: how landry from 'friday night lights' grew up to be todd in 'breaking bad'
13 ways the cosby show is even better now than it was back then:
huell (@lavellthacomic) from breaking bad is still at the safehouse.
31 pictures of people freaking out in a haunted house:
if you want to complain about this (occasionally) shitty world, you need to vote. otherwise, shut up. register here:
nobody actually watches award shows anymore, so here's everything you missed at the 2013 emmys:
there's only one more breaking bad left, but we've still got some (bad) predictions about how it will end:
being a cleveland browns fan is like watching jurassic park every week and cheering for the goat. (via @robfee)
the benevolent @nick_offerman shares the secret to his success:
this is perfect. jesus christ reciting lyrics from yeezus:
kid leaves terrifying note for dad demanding to be woken up nicely:
weird @alyankovic hears a kid singing something familiar. he doesn't like it:
9 awesome pics of patrick stewart being maybe the best human:
hey, la! jail guitar doors rehabilitates prisoners through music and they're doing a $10 benefit comedy show this sat:
what it would be like if people on facebook talked about the news the way they talk about breaking bad:
holy shit, did you see breaking bad last night?!? here's a recap plus some (bad) predictions on how it will end:
white future people problems. rt @erockappel: i'm afraid that gravity is going to scare me out of traveling to space.
eating mexican food in ny when you're from la makes about as much sense as going to malibu to hail a taxi and see a homeless guy jerking off.
las vegas and phoenix! dave chappelle, flight of the conchords and the @oddballfest are coming next week! get tickets now
the 15 most badass gifs of jean-claude van damme:
this miley cyrus/homer simpson gif is basically the greatest thing of all time:
it's bad enough being stalked, imagine if your stalker was a delicious hot pockets sandwich:
the pitch meeting for every beer commercial before every football season:
introducing the new affordable iphone! it's cheap. really really cheap:
in case you missed it, here's a picture of dave franco and @mintzplasse holding an insanely cute baby:
links! cataloging the worst actions of the always sunny gang, bill murray is a horrible kisser and more:
turnt down.
#ff @alyssa_milano created the world's first educational sex tape and was nice enough to upload it to our site.
john @mulaney joins dave chappelle, flight of the conchords and more at this weekend's @oddballfest dates! get tickets:
everything you always wanted to know about dogs but were afraid to ask:
happy rosh hashanah! for those of you who aren't jewish, it's the annual holiday where you celebrate a new year by leaving work at 4pm.
murder is the solution to most of life's problems. boardwalk empire's richard harrow (@pftompkins) is here to help:
you can still find love on christian mingle if you're gay, you just need to work the system:
beyond shocked right now to find out there's not a trap dj named molly cyrus.
10 increasingly insane wedding party attack photos:
#ff @deanjnorris and @mrtonyhale you might recognize them from videos we posted this week/your favorite tv shows of all time.
reddit is helping teachers get classroom supplies they need. get involved if you can, it could change a kid's life:
tired of reading recaps for current tv shows? here's a season 1, episode 2 recap of "whose line is it anyway?"
inflating a giant ferrell cat balloon for our silent disco. yes, there will be a cat dj.
geena davis proves there's no crying in archery with these amazing trick shots:
"how to build a biological clock out of a potato" by @meganamram:
want to get miley cyrus' totally effortless and natural look? here's a helpful guide:
want to be the big make believe winner this year? then you need this 2013 fantasy football preview :
flight of the conchords warming up for tonight's @oddballfest show in dallas, tx
edgar wright signing off. you've all been perfectly lovely. now go see my new movie 'the world's end' immediately. have a boozy blast. bye.
@jonnyalucard i'm the guy who made the funny apocalypse movie. not that one. the other one.
@saintpepsi i will talk to mr. movies about this.
@ohiberf i think my sleepy childhood caused me to wreak more havoc.
@victorrolando14 as soon as i finish this life sentence for murder.
@jayeddiec sure. what room are you in?
@bloodyallen jackie chan! and yes, it's 323-49... (gets distracted)
@basti_ooc the latter maybe.
@bedoughboy16 i don't know man. why do birds sing so gay? and lovers await the break of day? why do they fall in love?
@gonep i wondered how i would survive in a zombie apocalypse with no guns and a mild hangover.
@potatohead667 only if both are wearing clown costumes.
@kkigar i'm that guy who made the funny cop movie. not that one. the other one.
@avery_maycock i never tire of the finger gun fight in the alley.
@bigbearajrs never use conditioner.
@serenitykz so funny. you might shit.
@money_grub i am that guy who directed that funny zombie movie. not that one. the other one.
@alarcool i hear you.
@smoitzheim think of it as either the drunken version: dr hooch.
@mordinarc it's canada's greatest gift to the world.
@campbellhill i'd like to quiz scorcese a little.
@kiffikack it was a joy. i love them dearly.
@_haaannn your advisor is wrong. go make movies.
@elick461 always had a soft spot for she hulk as drawn by john byrne.
@lzhang39 the former. (the latter left cinemas i think)
@shorester i wanted to make the actors looks like school kids, so i gave them inky hands, as this is how i'd end every school day.
@imoustachequeen they contain dark matter that can only be vanquished by mashing them.
@reel__time keel over and die. or watch season 4 of arrested development.
@chrisstein slim. slimmer than a slice of fried gold.
@paulieb42 i tried to smuggle in a whole bunch in my suitcase but they all fucking melted.
@avery_maycock maybe.
@charlie_p96 a pub crawl in 1993 that went terribly badly.
the steroids problem in sports has finally reached little league baseball:
so excited to announce that @edgarwright is taking over our twitter tomorrow at 3:30pm pst! get your questions ready.
21 gifs of hilarious balloon freakouts:
15 reasons the internet needs to remember "the critic"
we sent an intern in an a-rod jersey around nyc to see how people really feel about alex rodriguez:
"predicting bad" is the only breaking bad recap you need in your life:
.@davidspade came by to paint us this chill picture of dudes on horses.
if the last two breaking bad episodes are any indication, the finale will just be an hour of hank dramatically closing doors.
if you're having sex this weekend, make sure you use protection. call the local police and leave them on speakerphone.
21 best gifs of all time of the week:
isteve, the first steve jobs biopic and the first fod movie, is available now on @netflix! watch @justinlong in all of his turtleneck glory.
there's never a best time for a breakup, but doing it as someone tells you they have cancer might be the worst:
diane meets millionaire philanthropist ike poole (@thomaslennon) in a chipotle to interview for an internship:
the best of the @motherf_cker's twitter takeover:
bear attempts to steal a sea-doo. such noble creatures, so much like us:
nypd ends controversial "stop-and-frisk" policy. continues strong with "if-you-see-a-homeless-guy-jerking-off, do-nothing" program.
the three most common types of trash at outside lands.
#ff @jarellperry keep your ears on him. wait, you don't have ears? oh. wow, sorry to uh...hear...that. shit, walked right into that one.
#ff @lianamaeby going beyond the call of duty.
19 flight of the conchords gifs to get the mutha'uckin party started:
@xzxmickyzzxzx nah, and if i do, i'll hire some more.
@harveygt_1 pedo bait
@saintocamus spoonman!  call soundgarden.  i love the 90s...
@supersam3 croc master... wait, wasn't he already on cobra?
@greg_whitedoe uh... neither?
@zombie_familiar certainly would protect me from the sun. that thing is like spf ten billion.
@botetahlee84 yes, as long as they aren't those annoying little yellow things. all they're good for is wiping my ass.
@james_w_96 you have to suffer for your art...
@roy4114 gonna be me, bitches...
@avidquacky weiners should never pull out!
@mcrmy_together who?
@pat_vann the bible... they do some evil shit in that book.
@kirkvanderwood amen.
@ohaiitsmefelipe beanie butt muncher!
@the6thsigma it ain't "hospitable," i can tell you that...
@superindiekid orange was my dad's color... i'm my own man now. and "orange mist" sounds like an air freshener.
@miss_2short32 with mother russia by my side, i fear no one!
@valerie_garcia2 peachy.
@roy4114 badassmotherfucker
@joemurayama shout
@l0vey0uc0c0zza who is chloe?
@dan_o_art exactly.
@_jessiegould easy peasy -- the motherfucker is such a cooler name... but the suit was not nearly as breathable.
the world is finally ready for an openly gay sportscaster! it just probably shouldn't be this guy:
the cryptkeeper reviews the new moto x smartphone:
fyi: renowned shark expert/tokyo drifter @realpaulwalker is on discovery channel right now legit trying to catch a great white. #sharkweek
warren klein, the biggest hollywood agent in the 80's, coaxes andrew mccarthy in this recently unearthed voicemail:
eating cereal with a fork. fuck your rules, corporate america.
life is like a box of chocolates: you're excited at first, then disgusted with yourself halfway through.
feast your eyes on the 21 best gifs of all time of the week!
judge your friends with our new party game. prove they're lame and you're funny!
we made a party game! no one asked for it, so here it is!
wearing a fanny pack should grant you access to men's and women's restrooms because sexuality clearly doesn't matter to you.
mls stars @gzusi @omar4gonzalez @kylebeckerman @chriswondo @jackmcinerney9 @brad_davis11 and mike magee kick a new rap:
a unique superhero protects his secret identity at all costs:
a man seeks medical aid and gets much more than expected:
adulthood is mostly about being tired and wishing you hadn't made plans.
#ff @morissette @pauloakenfold @boysnoize @destructohard @djafrojack @dillonfrancis the only politicians you can trust.
sometimes the future can be found in the unlikeliest of places. like the inside of your butt:
a clueless virginia tech student asked @subpop for a homecoming video from nirvana. @subpop delivers:
the breaking news team covers the final day of comic-con 2013...three days after it's over:
6 other anthony weiner alter-egos and what they're used for:
11 meme-related tattoos gone horribly wrong:
aubrey plaza (@evilhag) gets a surprise visit from her aunt debra on the set of "the do list" to talk about penises:
jay-z dropped the hyphen from his name, making him just "jay z". now the hyphen is looking for work on craigslist:
parenting done right. #sdcc
@hegemonium 

george. blue nosed.
@wimsey89 my next one. whatever it may be.
@amysoaaddiction 

he hired tonysoprano's therapist.
@ckarmi 

i have my moments
@doryepeacock   i would. beauty?
@amysoaaddiction 

season 7
@amysoaaddiction 

going with pastels...
@mariemariehb 

'money fer nuthin', chicks fer free'
@stolfatuous the coen bros. p.t. anderson.
@patakabpa 

o.k.....
@ballin873 i've been known as the 'takeover king' for years. just look at what i did with revlon.

oh wait...
@adamlmiles ms foundation, make-a-wish foundation.
@coolcats2001 

blake???
we're handing our twitter keys to ron perlman! tweet questions now and read answers here:
who needs a party when game of thrones is on? #sdcc
@silvahhammah countless
@binameow i really was hit by someone at a red light in my car while i was eating a bowl of cereal. that shit happened.
@levig3 yes, she does. we say it in one of the original home movies we made.
@sabrinafutch cats are awesome
@prospectjoe my pecks are better. his arms are better... hmmm...
@drunkatlambeau a fucking lot
@skwizna kaitlin hurt herself in who pooped the bed ramming her head into that car.
@giraffeinadress check out coffee town on itunes or amazon. just came out. me, ben schwartz, steve little, groban and adrianne palicki
@lchops96 the scene in the police station where charlie is telling the cop about the shusher who raped me.
@dasdominator we shall see....
@big_brach the plan in the gang reignites the rivalry worked...
@m_evans10 good question
@smlcjr she was in the dennis system ep.
@jonclark103 i was forced to because of this stupid show i'm on.
@rippleglider the system works. it is you that failed.
hi, it's glenn. i'll start taking your questions as soon as i can figure out how to use my wife's computer.
real life @adultswim at their funhouse across the street from the convention center. #sdcc
waiting in line for 8 hours to watch 5 minutes of the walking dead is still a popular pastime here. #sdcc
going out in your 20's is a lot different than going out in your 30's:
between two ferns is nominated for an emmy! congrats to @scottaukerman, @galifianakisz @bj_porter, @mike_farah and the whole team!
the honest version of rolling stone's new boston bomber cover:
if at first you don't succeed, fuck it. take a nap. you earned it.
taylor swift is on tinder too and she has a song all about it:
two friends visit a food truck and wind up meeting @carmenelectra in line:
.@kristenschaaled and @kurtbraunohler guide you through tomorrow's technology in the free new issue of the occasional!
#ff @echok hard at work on the world's first 4d printer.
#ff @cmillsfx and @sslmufx basically the stan winston of fod.
jack handey fans, rejoice! he has a new book called the stench of honolulu! here's an animated excerpt:
mos def's new commercial for ensure is pretty disturbing:
taylor swift (brilliantly played by @billyeichner) premieres her new music video for the hit song, glitter and ribs!
drunk history premieres tonight at 10/9c on @comedycentral! congrats, @derekwaterss! we're all very proud of you.
teacher wears the same outfit in his yearbook photo for 40 years straight:
life is too short to spend any of it listening in on strangers having a conversation about their iphone batteries.
7 creative ways to wear red, white and blue this 4th of july:
four boys decide what to do for the most american day of the year:
.@eliza_coupe (happy endings) is in a new episode of frenemies, where the two worst people ever go to a nail salon:
happy canada day! americans: get in on the celebration by pretending you're polite and you don't have to worry about healthcare.
the one man affected by y2k (@mrmattwalsh) tells his harrowing tale in the latest free issue of the occasional:
we're at the @marfafilmfest! hosting a party today in a thrift shop w/ tequila, ice cream sandwiches and jokes:
a supercut of every question @ellenpage asks in inception. her script must've had a lot of question marks:
george lucas got married over the weekend. here's the speech he made at his wedding:
a group of ladies get drunk on yard chards and discuss their love of bad boys:
celebrate this huge day for equality by watching the fod classic "prop 8: the musical" one more time:
here's what you didn't see during the live broadcast of nik wallenda's death defying skywire walk:
paula deen makes a heartfelt apology to anyone she offended with her insensitive language:
black forest ham is the scariest sounding ham. (via @mikeleffingwell)
at the dawn of the internet, these comedians chose some terrible aol screen names:
the 21 best gifs of all time of the week:
here are 10 fun ways to spread the word about the oddball tour with flight of the conchords and dave chappelle:
all the miss usa contestants really love to hold their face:
sides and rides gets young actors like @bellathorne and @maxgschneider to their auditions on-time and in-character:
every wednesday we have kenny g come by our studio and play for the crew.
get a breakdance like nobodys tipping shirt to tell the world youre a free spirit, but could use a little change:
analeigh tipton (@ohanaleigh) is proud to endorse an exciting new line of vibrating tampons for women:
14 gifs approved by brent rambo:
what if clark kent wasn't superman after all? maybe he just disappeared a lot because he's a raging alcoholic:
#ff @maisie_williams and @esmebianco watch the throne.
"die when i'm young" is the new hit song from @racheldoesstuff about living each day like it's your last:
atari's booth at #e3 is just a basement from 1974:
the 20 people you encounter during summer:
jonathan the hairstylist delivers a gripping recap of the "game of thrones" finale:
the design for apple's new mac pro looks really familiar:
@matt_widz i haven't even had the scripts yet! haha
@haydonsmovies @maisie_williams @cjeter chris haydon is a legend, those verses are really difficult!
@haydonsmovies @maisie_williams @cjeter haha!
@cotillardian 5 is my lucky number, so yes! haha
@mizticnz @gracehelbig yes i did! i loved it, she is one funny lass..
@gameofthrones i wouldn't say anything, i'd just stick my sword through his eye and out the back of his skull..
@harvey_s i haven't, arry has though. (s)he loved it too!
@katyperrycherry andrew garfeild! omg
@esmebianco ummm... daenerys, because emilia gets to film in morocco and i could do with a tan. also, i've always wanted blonde hair..
@srsaul04 "i can be your family"
@cotillardian she would almost certainly kill me if i did that!
@cotillardian season 3.. so much banter!:)
maisie williams is here and ready to answer your questions! tweet them @funnyordie and follow along here!
ken burns documents america's troubling new war that's claiming more victims every day:
hank azaria reading the dodgers starting lineup as apu from the simpsons.
hey, baseball fans! we're taking over the @mlb, @dodgers and @braves accounts sunday afternoon! follow them and prepare for ball jokes!
people who spy on your cell phone: that psychotic person you broke up with immediately and also the us government.
the shocking video of toronto mayor rob ford smoking crack has finally leaked. viewer discretion advised:
do you like cute puppies? quotes from mean girls? kittens playing with string? follow us on pinterest:
parent news investigates this "internet" thing everyone's talking about:
the leaked audio from michael douglas' interview with the guardian:
very excited to watch the referees play game 7 tonight!
in a world with so many ways to get cancer, getting it from oral sex while being michael douglas seems like by far the best option.
so a rabbi, a clown and jesus walk into a bar...
warning! watching this daft punk prancercise video may result in the sudden urge to lose yourself to prance:
comedian @nathanfielder destroys relationships with his latest text message prank:
here's what an honest "hangover iii" poster would look like:
just found out that the #trvtwitterawards are a thing, we were nominated and we lost. it's been a real roller coaster of not giving a shit.
marooned on a hostile planet, a father and son must learn to survive, big willie style:
links! star wars origin revealed, the hangover with kids and more:
"don't try to fix it. i just need you to listen." every man has heard these words. and they are the law of the land:
this trailer for "before 30 seconds from now" is richard linklater's latest story of a (brief) chance at love:
the bathrooms have been broken in our office for a day and now our building is somewhere between lord of the flies and detroit.
the occasional  funny or dies digital humor magazine  is now free! get the new tech issue w/ julia louis-dreyfus!
dealing with bed bugs in 19 easy steps:
the new teaser for "anchorman 2" has arrived and it is glorious:
please dance responsibly to daft punk's "get lucky" or you could wind up crashing your car:
7 reasons why youre sleeping on the couch:
#ff @jesseeodm and @theejamesdavis both their names start with j. it really makes you think.
17 gifs of creed bratton's best moments on the office:
newt gingrich's camera crew tries to explain to him what a smartphone is:
going to be the best man at a wedding? don't worry, this speech template has you covered:
the perfect plan.
get this shirt to let people know you're humble enough to remember a time when you were shitting your pants:
jack black and @eodmofficial visit the @gorburger show for this epic season finale:
7 gifs that prove googly eyes make everything better:
parent news with @fred_willard: it's news that makes sense to your parents!
after the show, it's the after party. after the party, it's time for bed. seriously. got a big day tomorrow. make sure you get some sleep.
#ff @amandabynes running shit around here.
"gathering of the jugglers" would be an equally terrifying festival.
brownies are fruit for fat people.
25 pizza gifs:
zach galifianakis sits down with james franco for a normal, run-of-the-mill interview with absolutely no surprises:
why are they called "fire trucks" when they spray water? shouldn't they be called "water trucks?" thanks, obama.
10 things lauryn hill did with her money instead of paying taxes:
21 gifs of sports fans who may be too invested:
celebrate cinco de mayo in style with this awesome "the usa is just canada's mexico" t-shirt, on sale for only $12!
this is what it would look like if everyone from iron man 3 was on facebook:
pizza work is never over. rt @destructohard: harder better faster pizza ??
isteve  the first steve jobs biopic  is available now on amazon! own a piece of dvd history today. watch different:
this music video for "look at me now" takes you inside the club...the country club:
less talking. more tacos.
the entire staff has assembled in the kitchen to watch a live car chase.
this. rt @trevso_electric: i want to defend a penguin in court just so i can say, "your honor. my client is clearly not a flight risk."
10 more ridiculous headline/picture combinations (that should have led to major firings):
links! tiny turtles, wu-tang and lost snl cast members:
#ff @alisonbrie and @oliviamunn the other two girls in destiny's child.
comedian @nathanfielder told people to cryptically text their parents about drugs then post the results. brilliant:
president @billclinton's first 10 tweets:
making a salad is just dropping a remix on vegetables. get this shirt and let people know you go green:
statistics show one out of every five crews you see working on a sewer manhole = ghostbusters.
5 childhood drawings by kim jong-un:
one of our directors picked up some movies today.
michael shannon (boardwalk empire) gives a dramatic reading of the craziest sorority letter ever written:
thanks @hufsf for sending the fod team a box of hats and socks covered in pot leaves:
cheech and chong list the movies you should see when you're high:
we're nominated for the best social content webby! vote for us now and we'll give you a back rub any time you want:
thanks for all the rts! here are today's winners: @stephenchang9 @supacolinward @ramdadi @shoeburtto @tweetmstrgnrl
don't act like you don't want this "i love cake like a fat kid loves cake" shirt:
isteve mobile billboard spotted on apple campus in cupertino, ca earlier this morning.
the old milwaukee comedy tour w/ matt @braunger and @johnnypemberton starts flowing next week! prepare to laugh.
11 hilarious apology notes from kids:
mindfuck of the century: what if daft punk performed last night, but they just came dressed up as r. kelly? #coachella
#ff @neiltyson space man.
check out these amazing posters for isteve w/ @justinlong as steve jobs and @jorgegarcia as steve wozniak:
former mayor secures re-election by driving 90mph down the street with his genitals out the window:
the vatican apologizes for its recent porn downloads:
the rules of supply and demand clearly do not apply to podcasts.
simon rex (@dirtnasty) takes our slide for a ride.
richard the cat supervises helpless humans as they struggle to spruce up his home:
it's crazy to think that in a few days we're all going to be too fucked up to realize we're at coachella.
.@jeremypiven has a show called "mr. selfridge" on pbs tonight at 9pm. watch it if you enjoy tv on sunday but can't deal with dragons.
gay marriage and universal free wi-fi are the great civil rights issues of our generation. (via @joemande)
#ff @krupsusa thanks for sending us this wonderful new coffee machine after we destroyed our last one! we love you.
if you want to see phoebe cates topless, you have to watch judge reinhold fake an orgasm. life isn't fair, but at least it's balanced.
.@gerardbutler pranks an unsuspecting man in his new hidden camera show:
42 more hilarious walking dead memes from season 3:
follow this man if you're interested in the truth. rt @terribletown: there's no substitute for hard work other than being attractive.
sending yourself text messages is basically one step away from living "memento" in real life.
"darkwing duck: the movie" is coming soon if you help fund it! let's get dangerous:
the cast of wings needs your help to make a movie! with your donations, wings: serenity can fly to the big screen:
feel good joke of the day right here. rt @morgan_murphy: i'm jewish but i relate to easter cuz my eggs are dying.
north korea needs to smoke some weed and chill the fuck out.
you've got to be some kind of asshole to spend $100k on a car and paint it bright orange.
.@annakendrick47 takes on asia as the newest member of k-pop supergroup, f(x)!
.@cheechmarin and @tommychong visited us today! nobody can remember what the meeting was about:
brandon and lisa are sex surrogates: psychologists who have sex with clients for therapeutic purposes.
7 less aggressive 90's t-shirts:
happy passover! rt @michaelianblack: the old testament is the historical record of the first time we jews controlled the media.
links! seth meyers taking over for fallon, the lost roles of parks and rec, and more:
.@jennyslate25 and @gabeliedman are back in a new episode of bestie x bestie! grab your bestie and watch it now:
#ff @aparnapkin co-inventor of the knock knock joke and executive producer of that celebrity diving show.
dave franco and @alisonbrie staying warm by the fire on a 76 degree day in van nuys:
last chance to bid on this great charity auction to come to our la office and hang out with the fod team:
11 classic movie scenes with thumbs up instead of guns:
there should be an "it gets better" campaign for people stuck on the second season of the walking dead.
.@mariathayer auditions for untitled blum/lawder project:
calling in sick the day after st. patrick's day is about as believable as saying, "a wizard turned me into a dog. i'll be fine tomorrow."
that's all from texas! thanks for following our tweets. see you next year!
when you roll up to the after party with 8 dudes, the bouncer is not interested in hearing how many twitter followers you have. #sxsw
#ff @reggiewatts doing his part to keep austin weird.
.@gorburger warming up the crowd for the warner sound showcase.
drunk history is in austin! come by @thechicagohouse 2nd floor today at 8pm to hang out and have a few drinks! #sxsw
a band that topped the charts for 11 days 24 years ago, see what the members of meat riot are up to now:
we made an old milwaukee throne for our living room. #sxsw
the gop is considering re-naming their party. here are the ideas that didn't make the cut:
"there are 12 black people in salt lake city, and they all play for the utah jazz." -@roryscovel at our #sxsw party
mumford and sons vs. the lumineers: which is the better band?
couldn't get in to any parties, so we're at a reggae bar doing shots and watching shark tank on mute. this is the interactive portion. #sxsw
time for a serious tweet: the stuart house in la helps victims of childhood sexual abuse. help them by texting healing to 80888 to donate.
here's one of the best @billyeichner lightning rounds. season finale of billy on the street tonight at 10/9c on fuse!
a few years ago, clint eastwood could've moved anywhere in america and been elected mayor. now he's the guy who yelled at a chair.
13 more terrifying celebrity face swaps:
it's so much easier to buy a cupcake than a book in 2013.
every 'cosmo' cover you've ever seen:
in 2002, the postal service had auditions to fill out the rest of the band. here are the never before seen tapes:
the @gorburger show is back! check out the trailer for season 2:
australia is a british science fair project that turned out really good looking.
prisons and music festivals are the only places cigarettes double as currency.
watch @billyeichner in a new billy on the street tonight at 10/9c on fuse! then watch him on late night w/ @jimmyfallon at 12:35 on nbc!
#saddrseuss yertle the turtle couldn't fucking take it anymore, so he hung himself in the garage and left his kids with nothing #tgif
hey, hollywood! hire @eugcordero and @kulap for hawaii five-o! they'd be perfect:
my favorite computer game is "which one of my open browser windows is that shitty song coming from?" (via @nealbrennan)
7 irrational fears that are real and how to avoid them:
the best oscar moments of 2013:
jennifer lawrence should do a ted talk on keeping it real.
if you're buying meatballs at ikea, eating horse meat probably doesn't rank high on your list of concerns.
"i know what you're thinking...the guy from true lies got an oscar." #oscars
beginning to think that guy in a kilt isn't scottish at all. #oscars
new extended scene from zero dark thirty:
in the battle of cat vs. cd tray, only one can win:
#ff rt @hayeslady: having another one of those days where i just want to rent out a department store and act out scenes from mannequin.
skrillex and cirque du soleil post a craigslist ad looking for dancers:
#ps4: the next generation of escaping your shitty life.
"i can't believe these are all tv shows" is a song that finally says what we've all been thinking about tv:
fun song to sing while you eat lunch: "i love sand-wiches, that's my lunchin' problem. and yeah i like to lunch, i got a lunchin' problem."
enjoy this very special black history month and presidents day tribute to our presidents:
there aren't any girl magicians because we burned them all. (via @kellyoxford)
reno 911!'s @cedricyarbrough wins best outfit of the week:
going to a bar on valentine's day is like a mix between speed dating and trying to catch the last helicopter out of vietnam.
10 less romantic movie quotes:
has anybody considered the possibility that it was a normal size water bottle and mark rubio is actually a giant?
finally, a realistic valentines day jewelry commercial:
north korea's nuclear capability is still nowhere near as terrifying as 90% of the programming on bravo.
here's a picture of a cat dressed up as walter white. your day just got better:
zach galifianakis sits down w/ anne hathaway, christoph waltz and more in this new oscars ep of between two ferns:
#ff @nickwiger hobbies include: all types of ill shit.
how much does a gay man know about a vagina? @billyeichner finds out. new billy on the street tonight at 10/9c on fuse!
.@thisisrobthomas and matchbox 20 star in tvs hottest drama based on musics greatest song: smooth!
entertainment hollywood, the hottest new celeb gossip show, dishes the latest  on ashton kutcher and taylor swift:
we've turned our most popular tweets into shirts you can order! get one today and make your friends jealous:
do you like girls on hbo? then you're going to love bros:
bane steps forward as the evil mastermind behind the super bowl blackout:
actors on set resort to desperate measures when the soda machine breaks:
dear superdome: leave blacking out during the #superbowl to the professionals at home.
#ff @teganandsara and @gorburger best friends forever. or until gorburger gets hunrgy. go get tegan and sara's new album. it's ear medicine.
three friends hold up the checkout line when they start asking questions about their supplies for the ultimate party:
keep calm and carry on and do drugs and take showers in the dark.
name your band after an animal or the ocean. remove all vowels. add a triangle. congrats! you just got booked at every major festival.
a few years ago, @joshfadem and @johnennis were on a cop show that got cancelled pretty quick. here's a clip:
too tired to fake being awake at work today. thanks for being there, giant empty cupboard in the break room. (via @badbanana)
something horrible must've happened to you if you willingly choose a career in parking enforcement.
it's a shame we'll never get to play any these incredible games from atari's 2013 lineup:
two girls try to show their friend what a typical fun day in la is like. that's when things go horribly wrong:
"she got a big booty, so i call her big booty," might be the most honest popular song lyric of this brave new millennium.
#ff @andrewwk and @alyankovic party animals.
here's the imessages conversation where george lucas approved jj abrams for the new star wars movie:
jj abrams confirmed to headline coachella!
questioning authority is judicious. questioning fun is cowardice.
what you think tv shows must be called if the sound didn't work:
can't wait for daniel day-lewis to play obama.
fun game: casually mention in conversation that martin luther king jr. was one of the best dj's of all time.
links! kimye's baby is on the loose and drunk people are drunk:
the inevitable manti te'o movie posters:
#ff @elischeesecake thanks for sending us a delicious cheesecake! let the record show, we love delicious cakes.
follow us on pinterest! we have pictures of puppies, kittens and other small adorable animals:
man gets an unexpected front row seat to a high speed police chase that he's watching on tv:
want to express your undying devotion to pizza? then this is the perfect shirt for you:
here's what tommy lee jones was thinking while he was scowling at will ferrell and kristen wiig at the golden globes:
here's what jodie foster was thinking during her golden globes speech:
hey, canada! billy on the street is on right now on @muchmusic! watch it if you like laughing and having fun.
this is what you do when one of your friends won't put down their phone to stop texting:
laura linney's speech before "downton abbey" is getting increasingly bizarre:
fun football fact: the broncos are the only nfl team named after oj simpson's getaway car.
.@billyeichner hits the streets to play a lesbian lightning round. new billy on the street tonight at 10/9c on fuse!
starve a fever, watch 4 hours of duck dynasty when you have a cold.
this spider just wants to dance the salsa all night long:
40 reasons you should phone it in today:
twitter is a place for life changing realizations like this one. rt @youdonknowme: straws are like drink elevators to your mouth.
links! back to the future's awful journalism, toilet humor and more:
parents, stop giving your kids these crazy names. i just found a love letter my son wrote to a girl named "steven!" (via @dannyzuker)
.@realstaceydash is a normal person just like the rest of us. here's the proof:
are you a fan of vigilantes, @amyozols and caffeinated children? this is the video for you:
nbc stars @andrewrannells and @joshgad find out they have a lot in common. maybe a little too much:
give your kids the gift of science with republican science! a book presented by the republican members of the house:
things don't go so well for this person trying to get snow off of their roof:
always so stressful trying to decide where you want to blackout and lose your phone on new year's eve.
the inside of toys r us today looks like vietnam during the bad years.
#ff @bigboi and @boysnoize late contenders for album of the year. the perfect soundtrack for any holiday family meal.
will ferrell faces off w/ @billyeichner in a new billy on the street tonight at 10/9c on fuse! here's a sneak peek:
#ff @brittanysnow the most annoying christmas caroler of all time.
the heartwarming holiday coffee commercial goes horribly, terribly wrong:
graveyards are just free baby name books. (via @meganamram)
if you think your secret santa with your coworkers is bad, try being an actor on a tv show:
what ads would look like if instagram sold your photos:
anne hathaway and @samuelljackson face off to see who stars in the saddest movie this christmas:
funny or die shirts are 40% off today only! get one now or risk being naked in public:
check out these @reggiewatts christmas cards from the new issue of the occasional:
there's no way rick ross can fit in most of the cars he raps about.
the pope's tweets have gotten pretty lonely:
executive power tip: if you silently stare at someone long enough, they will eventually leave your office. (via @badbanana)
be bro-choice! a psa from @sarahksilverman:
someone who rts wins a talking @whattedsaid bear! share a beer w/ him while watching ted unrated on blu-ray:
set the text alert on your phone to a fart noise, then fart whenever you want and pretend like you just got a text. the perfect plan.
7 letters to santa written by movie villains:
east coast! watch the premiere of #billyonthestreet in 5 min on @fusetv! west coast! sit around for 3 hours then do the same!
@leanegerber the jeff probst show.
@hugeredskinsfan elf you lunatic!!!
@leanegerber i went on a bender - drugs, alcohol, crazy sex. fell into a k-hole and recorded my part.
@henleychase no, maybe the most unsuccessful! i can never find an asian when to!
@tweetgrubes albert brooks.
@kimmy_obrien it actually leads to spin city.
@bbrrrrr22 no, no nearly small enough.
@leanegerber no it is not!
@greg_coogan i've come close but not yet! i'm cruisin' for a bruisin'.
@metalcakes viola davis, peter dinklage and maria sharapova.
@joeynemati rebel wilson as honey boo boo.
@annielkozak almost impossible to say. but its not mamma mia, i can tell you that much.
@muddymudskipper omg...very hard to say. i'm gonna go with the plot.
@joeynemati yes! you win a mop!!!
the best of @billyeichner's reddit ama:
do you like reddit? do you also like billy on the street? then join @billyeichner for his ama on reddit 60 minutes from right now!
10 things to buy william and kate's baby:
thanks to everyone who came to the #billyonthestreet premiere tonight w/ @billyeichner! season 2 premieres this fri at 10/9c on @fusetv.
14 high-fives gone terribly wrong:
local versions of santa claus from around the world:
huell howser learns about organic farming at whittier backyard farms on this episode of california's lost gold:
#ff @diaper_wolf out of control.
#ff @iamdoncheadle and @efrenramirez they're gonna take pollution down to zero.
the cast of cool runnings 2 (@tomarnold @wwwjustleon @ericandre +more) for the new issue of the occasional!
conan reveals a deleted scene from the walking dead that shows a zombie learning to defend itself:
seeing a homeless guy take a shit on the front door of a 7-11 puts your problems in perspective pretty quickly.
bill murray's hair in "kingpin" is the best supporting actor of all time.
shell oil's training video for abusing arctic mammals has leaked online. not for the faint of heart:
happy cyber monday! the occasional (our interactive magazine for ipad and iphone) is on sale for $.99! get it here:
want to go to nyc and attend the billy on the street premiere w/ @billyeichner? of course you do! make a video to enter:
icymi: how @lakers tweeted @kobebryants contract extension
check out the @todayshow: vine master @loganapaul is taking over the today vine account this morning.
new: custom timelines on twitter
twitter mentions a key component for the first time of vultures 100 most valuable stars of 2013. the winners are...
find out how @scandalabc recruited more #gladiators for #scandal (ht @twittertv)
how @sinow illustrated a world of #sports twitter data
the @primetimeemmys sunday on @cbs. check out this #dataviz of tweets #emmy nominated shows
check out our data-driven take on @abcfpll finale and how it broke records on twitter
a movie premiere to remember @1dthisisus @sonypicturesuk @onedirection #1dmoviepremiere
new nielsen research indicates two-way causal influence between twitter activity and tv viewership
when a #sharknado attacks! how the phenomenon happened on twitter
wrapping up the last 24 hours in global government: #scotus #standwithwendy #spill
join us in welcoming @warrenbuffett to  twitter!
what an amazing year on twitter. see the best moments:
tonight @bretbaier of @foxnews will host a twitter town hall with @thehermancain at #fnctownhall. our video with him:
we're thrilled for tonight's opening ceremonies! read about our #olympics page and our partnership with @nbcolympics
the miss usa competition tonight will take a question from twitter. join the conversation using #askmissusa:
are you in the uk and would like to #jointheflock? work w/ twitter in entertainment
#onlyontwitter this week is about twitter and memory. our collective past.
a prank by @bettymwhite, a first tweet from @merlehaggard, a very special @goslingeaster. it's #onlyontwitter:
interested in the intersection of sports/music + twitter? join our team in nyc.
alert: awesome accounts! the 140 best twitter feeds of 2012, as chosen by @time
we love the learnings in this article:
can you guess the most tweeted about moments from the #oscars and who was deemed #bestdressed? go here for the answers:
get ready - the #oscars are sunday! mt @billycrystal great news! hosting oscars counts five hours toward my community service!
some tweeps saw @gregyaitanes today, and they got to hear his great presentation on creativity as a common language.
our very own @adams standing in for john roberts, ready for the #scdebate on @foxnews.
some of the best analysis out there is coming from @fivethirtyeight, @thecaucus and @thefix.
a reminder that the @shortyawards are now accepting nominations. we are intrigued by lots of categories, like this one:
now these are resolutions we can get behind, "5 new year's resolutions for tv executives"
have you ever gotten your followers to engage on a hashtag like @salmanrushdie and his #literarysmackdowns?
we were in stitches when @hodgman live-tweeted all things considered this year. read the hilarity here:
more on the new @tweetdeck that launched last week, including tips and tricks.
so many tweets embedded on this article from @buzzfeed:
oh, you want new #hashtag and @mention buttons too? sure, we launched those today as well. get them at 
check out the simple way @nyfcc2011 announced their award winners, all via tweets:
vote via twitter on #xfactor tonight! voting made possible by @telescope_inc, on-air vizes by @massrelevance. vote here
followers of @nbcgrimm are going to get an exclusive preview of the show a full two weeks before it airs. we can't wait to watch.
check out our new "live-tweeting best practices" with tweets by @kyrasedgwick @therock @wingoz @msleamichele & more:
using twitter to measure the engagement of your tv audience? here's a new set of signals from @bluefinlabs:
heads up: all of our guides (for tv producers, newsrooms, etc.) have moved to a new home & are now much easier to read!
tune in to @kyrasedgwick's live-tweeting of #thecloser summer finale, happening now. she'll be tweeting during the pdt episode too.
rick ross in his #vma seat. rt @rickyrozay: show time.... #vmas #mmg lockerz.com/s/133844969
3 minutes to show time and there have been over 7 million tweets about mtv vmas since last monday.
watching @jambajim rock the #vma pre-show twitter tracker rehearsals. follow this man.
your tweets on thunderstorms (tx), fog (sf), too much air-conditioning (nyc) now on-air & online at twc social! sample:
love the ever-evolving music industry? @twittermedia is looking for a mover-and-shaker to work & innovate w/ musicians:
tweetdeck up at @cbs before our #tcastudioday panel. cbs is listening:
twitter drives 4 times as much traffic as you think it does:
solid overview of #askobama @townhall nuts and bolts from @nyt_jenpreston, including a shoutout to @massrelevance:
newsrooms need to searcha lot. here's a tiered approach to tracking stories & avoiding rate-limits:
@corybe oh yeah we've been collaborating with bet for a while--enjoy it tomorrow!
the #1book140 twitter book club, feat. @margaretatwood, starts tomorrow!
it took some puppets to put a #hashtag in a movie trailer ;) -
@martinbeckford check abcnews.com for tweet counter.
nice to see tweetdeck splashed up on the biggest screen ever (!) on @meetthepress this weekend:
welcome to our world, peter! rt @pkafka: twitter loves tv & the feeling is mutual
love @jbenton's data-driven dive into tweeting from the @daily app. can you guess when prime time for the ipad is?
love the super-clean design of @trendrr's brand-new social tv charts:
it had to happen: time-shifted tweets!
live-tweeting from @frontlinepbs just started. pretty amazing episode tonight: march madness, ai weiwei, and wikileaks. /via @agolis
really in-depth, panoramic piece on twitter & tvoops, i mean "telly"from bbc news:
on the lookout for cinderellas in the tournament of tweets:
in the uk, 80% of mobile internet users under 25 use their phones while watching tv, and 72% of that group uses twitter:
we agree! rt @jguynn $#*! my dad says shows that twitter can make good tv, spark a wave of interest from the industry.
we're late in sharing this @charliesheen nugget, but it's great evidence of the connection btw twitter & tv ratings:
co-host @jamesfranco is sharing an amazing real-time behind-the-scenes #oscars experience with his very own hashtag. click #oscarsrealtime
this is awesome: @mruff221 (#oscars nominee tonight) tweeted out his thank-yous ahead of time. maybe that should become a new tradition?
my favorite part of this new @usatoday piece on social tv is the interviews w/ actual tv viewers about their habits:
tune-in and watch the grammys... rt: @thegrammys: the 53rd annual grammy awards starting on cbs. it's time to turn on your tv. #grammys2011
cornell researchers have discovered the secret to hashtag success!
awesome tweets from @amazonmp3 during the super bowl. here's what they did, & why it matters:
well hey! it's twitter week on @regis_and_kelly:
actually, the official @sagawards account is doing a nice job, toosnapping photos from behind the scenes. (more, more!) #sagawards
"it was exactly like watching dynasty, but this time with about five hundred million friends." @susanorlean on #sotu:
nerdily excited for the @sunfoundation's state of the union backchannel feat. @nationaljournal, @huffingtonpost & more:
ah, the requisite awards-show follow-up coverage: who won; what they wore; and now, what they tweeted:
last week, we talked about the art of the hashtag. now, let's talk science, with #lessambitiousmovies as our specimen:
a live tv show w/out a backchannel app is like a stadium w/out seats. now, @maddow fans have some shiny new bleachers:
maybe the shape of the tv remote tells you the shape of the tv industry. and behold, a big red netflix button:
the incredible tale of rio's drug war, 17-year-old rene silva, and his account @vozdacomunidade:
great read (we're late to the party): rt @arusbridger: splintering of the 4th estate. lecture i gave in sydney tonight
moving from "tweeting about the show" to "tweeting to the show." @tweetriver's manifesto:
watch @jimmyfallon tonight to catch @ev & @biz ham it up. and for another fab episode of late night hashtags (#awwhellno). cc: @gavinpurcell
election day is a check-in for media: what's changed in the last two years? here's our round-up from tuesday night:
if you are watching @cnn *right now* you might see robin & me in the back of the set, over donna brazile's shoulder. shhhhh!
great one-on-one sessions w/ folks at #ona10 today. my sign worked!
twitter media is backstage at the @barackobama town hall at @bet studios in washington. it's live on @mtv @bet @followcmt today at 4pm est!
p.s. must not get sucked into reading @fivethirtyeight election predictions all afternoon
@moxypark hey there! didn't know about tweetpaste before seeing your tweet just now; happy to link to it from twitter media.
how do nielsen ratings actually work? and what's next for tv measurement? here's a great primer from @io9:
having a blast curating #vma tweets. and we just switched the monitor in our trailer from pre-show to main show:
in a new post, i've got @greatdismal and @rebeccaskloot pegged as two paragons of twitter-powered book publishing:
lesson #2 from the creation of brand-new print magazine in 48 hours: "twitter makes it work."
i'm just now seeing this 2009 post from @digiphile arguing that hashtags are like cable tv channels. i like it:
how do you send tweets to people who aren't registered twitter users? how do you get 99% of those tweets read? behold:
wouldn't be a big @mtv event w/out twitter viz. what's bronze & loud & trending at ~500 tweets/minute?
more late night hashtags from @jimmyfallon tonight. so simple, so good.
i know @chloes tweeted about this video already, but really, it's such a smart (simple!) example. falcon punch!
world cup final represented the largest period of sustained activity for an event in twitters history. check it out:
nice prototype work: a zeitgeist of the most-shared @bbcuk links on twitter 
world cup coda: check out these stats from @espn's digital coverage. pretty astounding:
this new browser add-on from @kosmix adds twittery context to, um. the whole internet. super simple & delightful:
wow: "nba free agency shows twitter has put athletes in control of daily narrative" 
smart writers talk twitter. @susanorlean and @kbandersen on voice & "spending your writerly capital":
another clip of @cnn using their twitter buzz viz on-air:
this great new cnn visualization serves up real-time #worldcup buzz without the aid of a vuvuzela:
agape at these images of @gatorade's social media "mission control." imagine a live tv show running this kind of rig:
step 1. follow @the_vuvuzela. step 2. check out these cool #worldcup media integrations:
new case study on @mtv, @stamen, visualization, iteration and 2,800 sandra bullock tweets per minute:
five ways the web is making tv better:
here's a world cup cookbook to get you started. idea #2 is my personal favoritesomebody do this, please! &gt;&gt;
i have world cup on the brain. might need to set up a giant red countdown clock.
@incredimarc thanks for trying it out there! that is, in fact, super weird; i'll troubleshoot when i get a chance.
@laughingsquid it's not really a feature. more like a code snippet. or, one might even say: a hack.
@socmedialaw tell me more; not 100% sure what you mean. (but it sounds interesting!)
love this thread over at the new @hackshackers help site, "a place to ask questions about journalism and technology":
there are a lot of good ideas packed into the @huffingtonpost's new twitter editions. one's not obvious, & we love it:
here are some data points around @theashcloud tweeting, including a great list from @yahoonews:
this is hot. @wsj stories about jobs now have inline follow buttons that let you follow the story itself:
the title of our @chirp session is "twitter, media, and kanye's exploding head." questions? hit it:
@statesman no, i hadn'tbut that's terrific. will post about it. thanks for the tip!
but right now i'm smitten w/ this data point re: tweets & tv ratings:
pardon the site slowness. who knew so many people wanted to read our tweet display guidelines for broadcast? anyway: it's snappy now.
excited for @chloes's talk at #miptv on monday. this account isn't the only thing we're hatching.
"mr. watson, come here. i want to see you."
"mr. watson, come here. i want to see you."
"mr. watson, come here. i want to see you."
@angelbonline that was nice. thx angel b.  b^&gt;~ love
i don't wanna freak anybody out bt i've given up striving seeking searching wishing and wanting. so far i don't miss them. all is #boing ;^)
this is it. it is this. it's all that is and if you see me smiling it's because i'm no longer standing in its way. #boing ;^)
@sba1617 you too, saba. many spanks. be love. ;^}
headed 4 toronto when i rise today 4 another cool book signing at indigo books. can't wait to see all the friendly folks back home! zzz 3^
every sound that comes out of your mouth forms the universe and so i say quite simply #boing ;^d
@catherinesarama wow. beautiful! much love! ;^)
i hope you join me for my book signings posted at
great things are happening! say it, till you believe it and it shall be so! let there be #boing ;^|)
you're all so sweet. spank you kindly! 3^)
how roland rolls: the songs - ep by jim carrey the music for how roland rolls just went up on itunes. ;^}
reading 2 your kids makes them happier and 78% less likely to rob a bank, according to my research,which is none.
@aisha_hussain yer awesome! ;^*
@tdawg2333 i love it! ;^]]]]]
i visit ellen 9/23 to show my #funderful kids book in stores, next day. order it now on
as ppl grow bigger they feel smaller and smaller but kids know the whole universe belongs to them.they remind us.
@kimithesweet1 so glad! ;^}
@zacksonnenberg stop trying. happy comes first. good things are attracted to it. ;^)
@lluv80s_alina wow. your sexy, alina. tell your boyfriend not to hurt me. i'm just sayin'! 8^
@stellavonmom there will always be war. will you always be unhappy? happiness and empathy work really well together. ;^}
that's
@eulogew nice. ;^}
@eva_araujo  i dig that little eva. spanks! 8^
@ishhhhii hi ishi! ;^&gt;
@raaskaller you are the stinky one! ;^}
@baka_trillah check sagescientist symposium 2013 on ustream. deepak chopra and some smart and talented folks expanding consciousness. ;^}
@rae03chee26 only victims of abuse become abusers. ;^]
i believe heaven belongs to everyone and even the worst of us is gonna get there... eventually. ;^}
@hansenmommyca are you really heather hanson or are you that which is aware of heather hansen liking the questions i ask? ;^
@govtstooge #boing #boing belleville! ;^&gt;
@franny_99 fran, that's awesome! ;^d
@laus102 got that one. ;^o
@jaclynduff88 ;^p
@hammadbu50 spank you kindly. much love! ;^}
@bretarded hahaha! would i?!! ;^j
@wayne_aalders hi bella. i love you! 
=8^}
@sylva_xoxo no thank you, sylva! really! ;^}
this morning i was in the backyard enjoying all the song birds until a few crows began shrieking and it reminded me 
green paint on lincoln memorial. ppl are getting tired of corporate tyranny disguised as democracy. ;^\
@joey_redballs she has a large mind ;^)
it's hard bein' a metrosexual but the company's awesome! #boing is love  =8^}
i'm looking out at my lawn right now. it's  so beautiful in the morning sun, even with some crabgrass here and there. i'm grateful. ;^}
btw i don't need a crisis mgr, just a conscience. calling ppl names is inappropriate but my position on assault weapons hasn't changed. ;^}
happy 4th america. i love ya, ya old coot. have fun mixing liquor and fireworks today and don't forget to stop drop and roll!!!! 8^d
@thetaint10 it did, over time. that's why my character doesn't use bullets. evolution.
this is my heart with the hooks removed. thanks for the lessons. i think i recognize the bait now. ;^)
my first cricket rifle! selling guns to 5 year olds. guns don't kill people. 5 year olds with guns kill people. ;^\
'how roland rolls'is my kids bk abt a little wave who learns he's also the whole big wide ocean! coming ths fall. 8^d
my heart bleeds for those poor pple in boston. it's just too much. ;^\
yesterday i was walking in the garden when jesus appeared to me.i said,"lord, why are u here?"and he said,"because i love your honesty!"
;^p
most americans want real gun control. the 'cold dead hand' backlash was gutless and contrived. #newtown #imnotgoingaway
"you that hide behind walls, you that hide behind desks, i just want you to know, i can see through your masks." -bo
@senatorenzi most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senrockefeller most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@markwarner most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@orrinhatch most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senalexander most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@grahamblog most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senbobcasey most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@jiminhofe most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senjohnhoeven  most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@chuckschumer most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@franklautenberg most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth.3^l
@senatorreid most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@maxbaucus most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senthadcochran most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@sencarllevin most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorbarb most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senlandrieu most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senpatroberts most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@sendancoats most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorrisch most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@saxbychambliss most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorcarper most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@markudall most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@jeffflake most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorsessions most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth.3^l
the last 2 links i gave, u shouldn't miss. i'm taking a break now to follow my bliss. spank you kindly and may the 
@walkingslack flush
in case ths isn't just pre-existing hate or greed pointing itself at something and u really wanna know my opinion
@lucy_coombs yes it is an amazing drawing. i'm very flattered. spank you kindly! ;^d
let's be totally clear!
@msredneck_baby and i you becks. ;^}
@12_yearold you have bad parents, son. ;^\
i get it. your love for me is unconditional. the message couldn't be clearer! ;8^d
jesus was the ultimate example of forgiveness faith and renewal.let's lift our spirits to a brighter place,today.hap
154 bullets fired at sandy hook!  2 handguns n a bushmaster rifle on lanza. 1600 rnds of amo at his house. we must stop this!!  ;^\
@onemeanls1z28 i don't have a son you fuckin idiot. stop listening to bitter uninformed idiots. ;^p
@ctrot35 my body gaurd doesn't have a machine gun! ;^]
@shaughn_a everyone dies and no one is immuned to satire. ;^p
'cold dead hand' on funny or die n itunes has more than a million views in a little more than a day! must be a messa
i get it.u don't wnt 2 be told wht to do.so mch so tht u may support wht u know in your heart is wrong.thn u feel gu
g'morning!hope you're enjoying cold dead hand.fyi,my bodyguard doesn't have a hundred rounds in his clip.i wish u all a bullet free day! ;^}
'cold dead hand' hits 'funny or die' at 12:01am tonight! what are you afraid of? it's just a funny little song!  2;^
@mattl3m0n thank you matt! i really appreciate that. ;^}
no 1 is answering my suggestion of developing non-lethal self-defense! i guess that wouldn't satisfy our national ad
@njkev609 a police officer protects me against crazy ppl in the crowd that you enable to easily buy weapons. ;^p
some ppl hate when i talk about guns so i decided to sing about it! check out cold dead hand 12:01 am monday on funn
@becky4spirit that's beautiful becky! ;^}
this is me working on a sculpture that'll be 10ft tall 1 1/2 tons of bronze called 'ayla's invitation' can't wait to
@trish43leafs odds are steep but you have a chance. ;^{}
@calinicky86 many spanks! ;^j
i wish i could show it all but twitter owns any pic i put on here. which really sucks, btw! i will show soon. ;^\
@lenelosophy you have me wishing you the very best. feel good. big hugs! ;^d
@ajorgensen57 much love! b^&gt;
@snarky_harding i'm not against the 2nd ammendment. i'm against the violence that's in your heart warren. 
;^)
all the noise floats atop an immense ocean of silence. listen ;^
@milliesmiith hello again, millie! ;^]
@gamer_of_shame exactly! so freeing! ;^)
@carlylovesrock hi pretty girl. ;^)
@paullucenti tell him happy birthday, from me! ;^)
@erraticsupport she'll love ya forever! ;^&gt;
@auntswamp to stop searching! ;^)
big premiere for burt wonderstone, tonight!they dug the film! lots of good folks came out to cheer.always a thrill.i love'em all! b^}
@mattsorum hey matt, you're alright in my book! thanks for polishin' off all the gluten! how are those noodles now?!  [b^&gt;
@fweaver9 glad i'm not the only one who screws up on here, brother! ;^)
@i7onnyy bonjour tony! the french make great films. we copy them all the time. ;^}
@murphykarges no. ;^)
@amanduhhtan buscemi rules!
hi lovers! how's your heaven? i'm goin' to austin with a heart fulla #boing!
;^}
this diet hs no name.i hope tht doesn't make any of u feel panicky, dizzy or disoriented! if it makes u feel safer u can call it wendy  ;^}
@riggs255 facts and science. oh me oh my ;^
@ugottabekiddin not in sri rice. check
@autgrind no, the complete opposite! ;^}
@ndzone22 don't eat'em? ;^
@thenewoc not nearly as much with a cool diet. ;^)
@jiveworm  many spanks! 2b^&gt;
@fugitivepoet and if there's no mine then we'd be fine! ;^}
2 jokes walk into a bar.1 joke says to the other joke,"you know any good jokes?"the other joke says,"get a life!" 2b^d
@chairmanmeow0 haha! ;^}
@catherinesarama seems like doom and gloom come with your diet! ;^p
@catherinesarama red meat in small doses. others are fine. ;^)
@nikywaint hi! ;^&gt;
@billybrown17 bull. ;^]
@purgatoryspass already answered read previous tweets ;^}
i eat eggs meat fish n veggies cooked in olive oil fruits nuts water tea wth honey or stevia gluten free crckrs n almond butter 4 snack. ;^d
clarity!contentment!youthfullness! longevity!this diet,though tough at first,gives me that!can u handle it?just 3 wks and you'll see! ;^)
@zw1er i think what you really mean is that you need a hug! ;^)
i don't hate 1 single person on this earth.not even cardinal mahoney or the deviant priests he allegedly protected wthout any remorse. ;^&gt;+
@kellysetzer you're unpleasantness translates perfectly. ;^p
@sillyfish13 fuck you, lynnie! ;^)
on my way to the ted conference, a gathering of the earth's most intelligent people... and me.  #boing=mcsquared 28^p
love you all! even you you little sicko! 2;^p
@sambritt521 maybe you're not used to ppl being authentic 2;^&gt;
@torontogal13 i'm saying, aren't we catholics partly responsible for what's happening to kids, if we allow the abuse to go on? ;^}
@injakowamarya i'm just a real person with an opinion and every right to express it, no better than anyone else. ;^)
@atemely all organizations eventually become corrupt if they have assets to protect. ;^)
i get ppl's need 4 absolution bt being cleansed by a skunk won't make u smell better.you can ask god directly. #themiddlemanispopeless ;^&gt;+
i don't know about you but i may go off the rails if they don't find a new pope soon! #lifeispopeless
@pikachhuu s'all good bryan! much love. ;^]
elton's party was fun. my big feet and little angel wings were an expression of my somewhat awkward spiritual journey. i'm a #strangel. o;^p
@yboutme salmon and veggies, clay. want some? ;^)
@glamourmin much love, minnie! ;^]
@missmoonwalkerr no. i heard he was a fan. he even hired my movie agent. that was kinda cool. he was great. 
;^}
life is sweet. gonna eat. seeya. ;^)
@weyssss much love to you in turkey!
;^]
@sba1617 thx. wish you the same! 
;^}
@mrjoegooch nice joe! ;^j
@shantellartenah shantell, you'll have 2 set your sights a much lower for i am a demigod with powers far beyond those of mortal men! [8^u}
@peachybean protien veggies fruit nuts tea'n'honey and water. done it before. after 2 and a half weeks the feeling is extraordinary! ;^)
@sba1617 exactly everywhere. ;^&gt;
god,2night my mind is flooded wth memories of miracles manifestations revelations'n'visitations tht incredibly i had forgotten.so sorry! ;^]
for my next twick i will disappear without a twace! until we tweet again... ~8^*
@agentc0dybanks you mean pwopaganda, don't you? ~8^p
to tweet the twuth is twanscendent!
~8^p
@sba1617 #yfear 2;^)
@falon777 i said we. pay attention painbody! ;^p
"waiter, i'd like to order the dissatisfaction and can you put a rush on it? the last time it was cold." do you dine on misery? 2;^\
you're all beautiful to me, with the proper lighting. good night! ;^]
@annamaloula him and the pope are layin' low till the scandals blow over. ;^&gt;+
@sungyak  i'm not sure. i just don't care. good thought though! 2;^&gt;
i got so tired of trying to decide what to be that i decided to be everything and everyone! ;^)
@xavierjordaan exit laughing. ;^}
@jasseg8 then u should know,i can be both larger than life and quietly phylisophical.which means i am seriously not serious. ;^p  do great!
@veryassassin if you say so. 8^
@mazmiyimm boing is all you need. 
;^&gt;
well folks, it's time for me to turn the lights out and face the darkness...cuz that's what big boys do. it's been heaven!  2;^d
@eva_araujo i think you just did. ;^)
@oreojellyfish i'd hang out in heaven with santa the tooth fairy and the easter bunny. =:&gt;
@reazavier jesus was a cool character. ;^}
@flztab fun most of the time! ;^j
@ludmilka0001 hi milka! ;^)
@tconn2 who? ;^)
@dave35701 those are your words. i love all of you but your fear and entitlement to violence is hurting our society. ;^]
@tconn2 i don't know. i also don't care. ;^}
@schmitt_romney maybe you feel guilty or jealous. ;^&gt;
i don't need life after death. this wonderful life i'm having is more than enough for me. asking for more would feel ungrateful. ;^)
@sandiegoheaven yes. the spell checkers are harryassing me!  ;^&gt;
@sandiegoheaven i'm not jim carrey! this is a fake twitter feed! i'm an angry agoraphobe from taluca lake! #psyche!  }8^u
ppl don't need money to do what's right bt lapd offered.his violence was unacceptable bt it's ironic tht dorner felt betrayed by them. ;^\
some say my smiley face is inappropriate on sympathy twt to russia.u r nitpickers! this face is for you.  2b^p
#whetherconsciousornotdeathwillbringacompletelackofconcernpreceededbyaprofoundmomentofregretforallthetimewewastedfearingit!  #yfear  ;^)
hahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha---&gt;
for those of u who can't b with the 1 u love bcuz she doesn't understand that you're destined 2 be 2gether, happy restraining order day! 8^}
obama said it well.the victims of gun violence"deserve a vote!" to say they don't is not only unamerican it's downright less than human. ;^]
@l8sknasianthug wow. u r a horrible racist! please unfollow me! ;^p
good grammys tonight! jam packed with boing! it has lifted me and now i cannot lose! wth was with frank ocean though? yikes! ;^
@maximumolsen good as gold matt! thx for askin'!  ;^}
any1 who would run out to buy an assault rifle after the newtown massacre has very little left in their body or soul worth protecting. ;^\
i couldn't sleep last night. how can any of us move forward without knowing for sure whether beyonce lipsynced or not!   ;^p
20 mass shootings a yr in america. are you ok with that? i'm not. ;^\
just saw aerosmith live. great! steven tyler is evergreen! super guy too. reminded me of how lucky i am to be a performer! ;^}
in the near future we'll only be able to communicate through devices. actual human contact will be outlawed by the apple icourt.  8^
@rachelwaters5 good choice. very cute! ;^}
1 thing that's always missing frm the republican agenda, compassion toward your fellow man.with obama i'll pay more but i'll sleep well. ;^}
goodmornoonevening world. it's a stunningly beautiful day here in great britain! heading to pinewood studios to film kick-ass2. love it! ;^}
just took a 5mile run on the waterfront in my old stompin' grounds. u sure are a beautiful town, toronto! my heart is a hockey puck! &lt;[];^]
news flash! there is no pussy in heaven, so you might as well simmer down and get it while it's hot! ;^
real issue?capitol hill is an auction house where ethics r sold 2 the highest bidder.i'd say brothel bt hookers actually provide a service.
guns gotta go! ;^\
@davecanny i disagree. eventually no one would have them. in england regular police don't even wear guns. fear only breeds violence. ;^]
"bt jesus, surely u dn't expect us 2 give up r semi automatic weapons!" "no. i expect u 2 give up all your weapons n don't call me shirley!"
is 3000 rounds of amo sold online and access to semi auto weapons freedom or hate? time 2 let go of r addiction and entitlement 2 violence.
@anniemccutch if u cld stab 40 ppl in the eye wth a pencil be4 yr wrestled 2 the ground u might have a point. nice try. now try compassion.
my cath schl principal,sister mary flynn hs passed on.i recall her falling 2 the flr laughing during my very frst show.a dear lady. [{;^)&gt;+
thanks @etonlinealert for the shoutout. ?;^d
you know who i hate? judgemental people. in my opinion they are worthless scum. ?;^p
#boing! ?8^}
@theresthatbear #wisrn
i wonder how many seals escape being eaten by great white sharks because the sharks have mistaken them for surfers.  ?b^p
click here to watch me play with myself
steve jobs was an amazing man.  he will live in my hard drive forever! 
?;^}
if u could view the wrld without judgement or the fear of being judged, you'd truly be free bt there would be a lot less to talk about. ?;^)
shana tovah, my all my jewish friends. i love you!
your definitions of #boing r astounding! u describe it better that i can. #spankyoukindly. you r the #boing beneath my wings! ?;^d
if you're going to the 'i heart music festival' in sin city nevada this weekend, have a blast but remember, "whateve...
tonight at the church of ffc (the name i've given my art studio) i finished a 16ft by 12ft painting titled 'visible ...
pay attention to the space around the newspaper. if the news is on tv let your eyes wonder around the room and outsi...
for a better view of carreyoke night at arlene's grocery in nyc?
@junichiwashere tell your english teacher i'm sorry they didn't make it as a writer, to read 'moby dick' and let that white whale go! ?;^)
need a boost?listen 2 bono n mary j. blige singing 'one'. it's why i love them both. mary j. will take u 2 heaven on angels wings! ?;^
check out etonline for a peek inside the church of ffc:
i love each and every one of you goofballs today. u have a friend in me. let's make a fiest of life together.
pass the #boing please! ?;^d
@satchmorrison ?b^j
@stephieedale #spankyoukindly ?;^}
new video on trulife proves that if you work hard and you have good friends, u can pretty much skate thru life. ;^d
@freakinasshole happy most of the time is the best i can do so far but stay tuned. ;^}
love = boing x ffc  ?:^j
the meaning of life is 2 love yourself completely,free yourself and others frm guilt and become totally visible no matter wht the risk. ?;^)
oh i know...i was gonna tell u guys tht nuts r good 4 your memory and i hd a guest last night tht ate my nuts.no wait.that wasn't it... ?;^\
wow... that's frustrating
and...
visit www.jimcarreytrulife.com and let me fill you #jimshapedhole ?b^p
@catherinesarama sorry tyrosine isenthusiasm
@vntres s'good! ?b^d
#goodmornoonevening folks. hope the world is treatin' you like a good host should! ?;^&gt;
@margotdas big huggs and healing.;^]
@paleotools watch jesus christ superstar the movie, timothy. mr. neeley played jesus. you might even like it better than church. shhh! ;^
@chrismochan bojour chris ;^}
@discordiankitty f u
'accept' the fact that people who correct spelling on twitter are a pain in the ass!  8^[
@lewiswhiteheadd alright already!
forbes magazine may not care but a little boy said, "hi grandpa" to me 4 the 1st time today and i am now the richest man in the world. ;^)
i've never bn happier or more grateful 2 b alive.i've never loved ppl more or cared less abt wht they thnk of me.all roads lead 2 #boing ;^)
@iminbeastmode i hope i get old enough to see you get smart ?;^]
most people use drugs'n'alchohol cuz they have a jim shaped hole in them. visit www.jimcarreytrulife.com and fill your jim shaped hole. ?8^
@iconiclaur101 yes ;^)
@jamiedrodgers ;^}
@tk_248 it means your an idiot
@fit_n_tattooed #spankyoukindly christie! ?;^]
@sylar147 ?;^}
@balekoner when you get the bad news don't ask why. look no further than your twitter. ;^*
www.jimcarreytrulife is back up! you may once again feast upon my #boing!
?;^&gt;
yes, my msg to emma stone was a comedy routine and the funniest part is that everything i said is tru. www.jimcarreytrulife.com
@fabioalisei without self-love no other is possible ;^&gt;
@jeancarlodamian s'nice! #spankyoukindly!  ?8^
@sweetdrug thx. rright back at you. ;^)
@odealajoie #boing to you beautiful france! }:^
@tjatkins i love you too! (8^}
you can't have good luck unless you feel you deserve it. ?;^
guilt is great at playing hide'n'seek. if you to keep looking for it in other people, it's home free.  ?8^
@mateusbaptista great line. can i use that? ?;^
hundreds of thousands are starving in somalia - help now! click here to support @wfp
here i will search out ancient civilizations and decifer the origins of the incan #boing that built machu piccu ?;^
@hello_ariane enjoyed brazil very much! sad to leave. lots of love. ;^)
check this video out -- brazil from my eyes...
bring your kids to mr. popper's penguins! it promotes strong bones'n'teeth! (jim carrey is not responsible 4 the claims in this tweet.) ?;^p
@focusedonnow that's really tough gabriella. dads are important. i wish you much love and a real loving connection with him always. ;^}
took my #boing 2 late night with dave letterman. 1 of my fave shows 2 do. if u wanna laugh, or you're infirmed, it's 4 u! on tonight. ?;^b
@emmaluella i see u. ?8^)
signin' off 4 now, folks. life is still new 4 me n full of wonders. can't spend 2 mch of it starin' at the palm of m...
@ariannakatya hi arianna! ?;^&gt;
i'm off to la again to make my mirth. always great to see all the friends and family up north where all my #boing be...
@bonzbaby #spankyoukindly ;^*
@leoni_18 #boing ?8^&gt;
it's the cn tower in beautiful down town toronto. jealous?!  {b^&gt;
wow! turns out those angel wings on top right of my photo earlier are the cranes of local 40 ironworkers at ground z...
i tweeted abt how lovely the apocalypse has been so far n someone pointed out an angel on a rooftop. right side of p...
i swear to you, i've never even shopped in there! ;^\
@carolinasemmere i don't know him but i wish him and you love luck and muy#boing!!! ?;^}
@juliannoviello {b^&gt;
@nunabellissima #spankyoukindly ;^&gt;
@kerridonaghy i love dick van dyke! he filled my chilhood with #boing! ?;^&gt;
@randymetheny nice! ;^}
happy birthday buddah and #spankyoukindly ;^)
happy mothers day to my mom kathleen to jane's mom melissa to my beautiful daughter jane and to all moms everywhere! #spankyoukindly! ;^)
this is where john a. roebling got his idea 4 the design of the brooklyn bridge. it was the dbl cheese tht did it. 8^d
@kennectto paparazzi don't drive me crazy. in fact, the way i look at it is that  ultimately, they work for me. [o]^&gt;
@nayyara #boing to! &lt;[];^&gt;
i think celebs should be able to list paparazzi as dependants. ?;^p
@lornz2011 ;^&gt;
@tinycowgirl they too will get you off the couch! ;^
or dancing!
...that which preceeds even love. =^&gt;
herre's the answer you're waiting. #boing is ;^}
@gustarbuckz whatever takes the edge off. ;^&gt;
@poundingthunder hoosier #boing. i love it! ;^)
@pickles874 ken i mean!
@lovelifeandjenn there'd be no wood without it! ;^&gt;
@jamialia #spankyoukindly #boing buddy! ;^)
@epic_burp welcome! ?;^b
@driftgee stop #boing? never! ;^)
your #boing will never die! ?;^&gt;
@dforevermjlove glad you're happy. #boing. ;^)
@nomesterr a big cheeky #boing to you liverpool! ?;^)
@lexqcamature oh canada, my home and native #boing {8^0)
@robtheranger #boing! ;^)
@sweetnshygemini how can you sleep when the world is filled with #boing! {b^&gt;
@thereeldealuwo work hard and believe in miracles! yes, my that's a piece of a self portrait i did. {b^&gt;
@savannahlyons i don't smoke. it's just a joke! ;^]
@warpath72 but why would they risk using stealth helicopter for a fake operation? ;^&gt;
i'm been a sceptic since nixon but i also think it's reasonable to believe that the american gov does the right thing, on occasion.  ?;^)
if gov were faking bin laden's death they wouldn't be leaving top secret stealth helicopters bhind so pak could steal the tech. s'done. =^\
goin' night night! #spankyoukindly people of earth!  ?;^o) &lt;---yawn
@knivesy no, i'm not gay but i am filled with joy! ?;^&gt;
hey, i won a webby! the people's voice award for best performance in the category of online, film & video. preeshee8 the votes gang! ?;^d
wow! they killed the boogieman! i felt something was in the air tonight! bin laden era over! s'next? ?;^
goodmornoonevening world! this is #whatiseerightnow 8^)
@bieberjls_jade #boing ;^&gt;
i don't wish to cause an international incident here but prince william's new bride is hot! with all due respect i am not mad at her!  ?b^&gt;
@justbrootal yep!  &lt;[8^\]
@rachel__lambert when doors open walk through them.
@jordan_pack i road an ostrich once. he was not happy about it. :&gt;={o==;
@kurtisjb aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalrighty then!!!  ?;^p
@saetenshi_pink happy bday sweety. make a wish!  b^ ~={]
@chad_mckenzie hi. ;^)
@xrichxp all that shit is f'n lame!
check out @jimmyfallon and paul simon with stomp, a moment of undeniable #boing =;^b)&lt;; (
everybody sing, "hey now! hey now! don't dream it's over!  =b^o)
@padddixon bonjour! {b^&gt;~
@rebeccafoster73 beautiful =;^}
@rjdubb5 very much a fan of terrance malick. ;^&gt;
@andynlisap hi andy ;^&gt;
@aspteu i love you too! ;^&gt;
@bradsings s'what i'm sayin' {b^&gt;~
@sapphiresky11 ;^&gt;
@matrooshi4ever i love you too! ;^)
@mental_nigella i am calm. are u?
@goddardmike how do? ;^b
@oskarflink #boing ;^&gt;
@outwithobamanow "mommy, i'm home!!!"
@stonetiffany that's great! now shut up and kiss me! ;^*
@kittymellow spanks
@roxiefoxie817 hi roxy.
@stillcountsas1 u bet
build a better universe! www.betterufoundation.org sustainable and transformational ideas that help people empower themselves. ?;^j
look what i got for xmas!  and he shall be named #boing!
hey gang, you can finally check out my movie #iloveyouphillipmorris opening in la, sf, and nyc today! s'excellent! hope you like it!  ?;^j
@miller39652 hi kristen!  ?;^
@saiasalas i love tou too! ;^)
@snapnat01 #boing then! 8^
send me pics of your #boing or some1 elses #boing. capture the essence of #boing itself! (no genitals pls) ~8^}=;
#boing!!!!!!!!!!! =8^b}
goodmornoonevening world! this is #wisrn 8^/
@timbogee999 hi saffron. your husband loves you! ;^)
@peacesther love it esther. ;^&gt;
#wisrn ;^o
#wisrn ;^] 
doin' commentary 4 cable guy rerelease on blue ray.it'll be great but you'll have to wait forever 4 it to load... cuz it's so advanced! 8^}
@braz613 hi lori! hi canada! i love you!!! #boing 8^b
@thina thina, i spank you from the bottom of my heart! 8^o
@movingtomontana i couldn't! but spanks! ;^&gt;
@chrisbarr82 bend it, chris! #boing ;^j
@_ana_nur_ #boing back to ya, ana! ?;^
goodmornoonevening world! can i get a #boing?! ~8^}&lt;;
@keemorn great 1 ;^&gt;
#wisrn %^&gt;
@hallsfrog keep your chin up and your blood pressure down! o;^\ &gt;
@angelkiss555 s'nice! }^]
#wisrn %^
#wisrn {--?;^op
do it or i'll have u all brought up on charges of insubordination self-gratification and flatulation! [8^o] 
now that i've passed the 2mil followers mark, i think it's time i asked you all to arm yourselves and to await my further instructions! =8^p
@savannahlyons #boing ;^&gt;
what i see right now. ;^j
being in pain is not the hardest thing in life. the hardest thing in life is trying to hide it! ;^\

nyc, i am sitting in my apartment with the lights off and i can totally see you right now! you must do yoga! }=^(o)
check out www.jimcarrey.com. sss'awesome! ?;^j
i'm tired and i feel like crap 2day. thought i'd share that so the sickest among us can feel better by comparison. 
twitter is cooperating wth a new website called spotted.com 2 trck where abouts of celebs wherever we go. "fuck u very much twitter!" ;^\
friday night in nyc! love the people and the loud music! lost my voice in one of the clubs. if anyone finds it, i hope they turn it in. 8^#
affirmation; i am deeply in love and deeply loved by a woman who loves herself. she honors me. there's nothing i would change about her. :^)
god i love my life! wish you all the same! ;^)
the method is called sri (system of rice intensification). that's what i've been doing. check out www.betterufoundation.org. i act too! ?;^p
never paint on a surf board! when great whites attack restoration can be difficult! 8)
on sat i was at a 5 star resturant when they switched their regular coffee to #boing! couldn't tell until i overtipped. ;^&gt;
... and it was the greatest thing that ever happened 2 me! i finally understood what #boing was! i hope you got my previous tweets. %^&gt;
@sarahkstanley this #boing can't be bought! %^&gt;
i've been painting! each new work is like a child. i sleep in a separate room but it still has my full attention. i need a baby monitor. ;^j
@freejy #boing #boing #boing!!! %^&gt;
@ann_smiles s'beautiful. preeshee8 it! ;^)
@goodrepore u are anti#boing! u are cyclops! o^(
@monicatonella without a doubt! #boing ;^&gt;
@erisiandiva78 preeshee8 that! ;^)
@brazillian725 well? i'm waiting! ;^&gt;
spent 10min trying 2 spell 'exercise' 2day. sometimes a word you know how 2 spell suddenly just doesn't look right, even on spell check. %^p
@jeburnett make sure he gets lots of exercise or he may chew up the couch. %^b
@clairecull #boing %^)
~8^}=; #boing 
;^) 
;^) 
;^) 
#goodmornoonevening world! i woke up hungry today! could u please pass the #boing ?%^d
@mikekrummm don't tempt me you deep dish devil, you! %^d
@officialxaeon s'good! i wonder why the mouth is bound. verbal abuse? ;^]
@call_me_corrina #boing is not conducive to sleep! as you read this you may notice a sudden urge to get well and start your day! %^&gt;
@marietinaboo this is ant#boing ;^\
@maverik yeah, well you'll have to line up behind james garner mel gibson and john mccain on the 'maverik' handle, captain originality! {b^p
@tru_enygma no i can't read it all as there are so many, but i hope you can find some professional counseling and some solice! ;^)
@tru_enygma i don't do that anne! but i wish you well. ;^)
@echo0889 thx houston! i heard every #boing is bigger in texas! 8^
@elke_n #boing has no advisaries! ;^]
@bkmiller23 u caught me! i wrote that with an old friend. it was recorded by jazz duo tuck and patty they brought a sweet #boing to it! ;^&gt;
@chanty_panty  #boing is a popsicle during a heat wave! ;^)
@ms_tko ain't nothin' like the real #boing, baby! ain't nothin' like the real #boing! {b^*
@tatipattz i feel that for completely and i spank you, kindly! {b^)
@comeback36 there is no alone. sorry ;^)
@sherilynnme spank you kindly, madam! ;^j
@bfree4eva hope it still brings the #boing %^&gt;
@bigirlbeauty they are the cyclops. the anti#boing! o^(
@suerogers2 #boing friend! #boing! ;^&gt;
btw moms, giving birth is the ultimate #boing!kids r pure #boing!u feel it when u watch them discovering what we take 4 granted! :^ whatsa?
the sweet subteranian la esquina! i was moved here in nyc! i gotta feel the east coast #boing more often! {b^&gt; 
@zyemorphusphere i'm more of a window than a door so try rob zombie or google horror movie prod/dir call em,tell em u wanna submit ideas }8]
@bradbruce00 that was cool. spank you kindly! ~8^}=;
a peek at my ny painting 'heart upon re-entry' acrylic n #boing on canvass.see the hole soon on jimcarrey.com {b^&gt;
#boing world! i was up late in nyc n i'm having breakfast! waffles eggs and paint in tribeca! yummyyyyy!!! {b^&gt; 
@hegleevan it's the #boing ;^&gt;
goin' to look at art that i cannot afford 2day just 4 inspiration. i painted this morning lookin' at ny skyline. nothin' but #boing!!! {b^&gt;
my #boing is headed 4 nyc!they call it 'the big apple' but 2 me it's a pizza with everything on it! (me with 3 chins)---&gt;  ;^d)))
@alyzabethm @tv_chopper ultimately? #boing! {b^)
cary elwes. we're both out and have very little to do now but eat #boing killing carbs! ;^&gt; : )=;
@anmikeneel i like people sue my cyclops! ;^\
@stianmj i spam joy! what's your song, birdie? {8&gt;p
@rutearsenio way to #boing beautiful! ~8^}=;
@mrrabrown sorry, quiet #boing {b^c
now screeeeeeeeeaaaaaaammmmmmmm!!!!! {b^q
everybody say #boooooooooiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnngggggggg!!! {b^o
@chuckw1978 so not true chucky #boing {b^*
@ann_smiles you're the miracle! be the #boing ;^)
last night in a dream i held a woman as she wept n said she was falling out of love with me.i said "cool, but i want my #boing back! ~8^}=;
@maureenvaes #boing gave you that pretty smile. ~8^}=;
@greenks1105 #boing ;^&gt;
@jahrends #boing wins always!cause anti#boing envies #boing but has never felt #boing and doesn't believe it can #boing. but it will!~8^}=;
@rockdog7711 good one! you #boing ;^&gt;
@haroonriaz #boing is, haroon! ~8^}=;
@nlholistic ~8^}=; bouncy!
@birdygirl67 jealous? {b^j
@19aavey443 i'm good sexy! how's your #boing? {b^&gt;
#boing everybody! sometimes i use caps because i want to emphasize the importance of what i'm saying. it doesn't always mean i'm angry. ;^)
@xxnapoleonsolo  neil,love your friends,hoist one in my name,don't hurt a livin' soul,and bring out the #boing! ~8^}=;
@mthoughts you're a dick. good luck with that
@mthoughts yer mean. congratulations. you lose, anti#boing. ;^\
@greenxgrass good on ya, #boing %^o
@bonniebell good 4 u! protect their #boing ;^&gt;
beware the anti#boing! 8^}
@lankyisback it's the anti#boing ;^)
maybe drug companies shouldn't be allowed to advertise on tv, like the cigarette companies!then we might all get our #boing back! {b^&gt;
@youarereported source gave me the #boing. ;^)
just read an article on teens' addiction to pills. the drug dealer is on the wall in your living room and he pays for your fav shows. {b^j
@rinwa51 no. your the one that's aware of the voice in your head. that voice is often the anti-#boing
do you wanna?! {b^&gt;
the vision of these narrow minds is flat,2d,and those of us who see are something 2 fear. so i say to you who need 2 call me nuts...cont---&gt;
i'm so sane in fact,that i have managed to transcend the pettiness of your kind my whole life! u suppressive types who r so afraid...cont--&gt;
some say i'm weird on twitter.but it's all just art to me.freedom of expression.if my #boing offends u, feel free to unfollow me. s'okay ;^)
@anty1sawesome don't get hung up on the word mark. read between the #boings ;^)
@gothicalrose drugs don't #boing they oobbnnggi ;^\
#boing looks forward to the next face it meets! 8^]
@bran13 labeler. #boing ;^&gt;
@humayun76 there too! #boing ;^]
#boing is dancing on broadway! %^v
#boing already knows it's a done deal! {%^|
#boing is not afraid to weep! {;^(]
#boing let's it go! :^v
#boing doesn't hate! ;^-
#boing bounces back! ;^)
pleeeeeeease release me! let me #boing  c]:^j
could somebody finish this peter and gordon song lyric for me? "i don't care what they say, i won't stay in a world without #-----! %^j
@tommybx28 judge not lest ye be #boinged ;^)
when richard dreyfus got attacked in 'jaws' did he stay at the bottom? no! he went #boing to the surface sayin 'did i miss anything?!' -0^)
on 2 the summit folks! i gotta sleep now, but would you who do not, please carrey me with ya?! "i ain't heavy! i'm your #boing #boing "{b^j
@kimberlygoodwin #boing boing, my good friend. we've started to trend! ;^d
boi... cough! cough!
@drunkentigerjk #boing
@humberto1731 #boing
@lujainaliman #boing
@trepe #boing
@liolemmings #boing
@janeangelique #boing
@ri_ri1992 #boing
@hotbrownie2010 #boing
it spells #boing that's what it spells!!!!!
goodnighternoomornevening! that should cover every time zone! i'm goin' to bed! ]^ zzzzzzzz
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 8^
oooooooooooooooooo :^}
got love?! the library of congress is bouncin' it into the future! come on humanity! do it now and your #boing will never die!!!! %^d
@spongii101 grrr, what are you kids doin' in here? havin' #boing mom! geeze! ;^/
@kibure i'm just you talkin' to yourself. ;^]
@robert78229 ssssssure! be #boing! ;^)
@debartles potassium is essential! ;^j
@munkus1 you bet! boooooiiiiiiinnnnnnggggg!!!! pass it please! ;^)
@mark_bruno just a free bird! boing! ;^)
@adrianotbm goodmornighternoon brazil! ;^)
my crew david page and kelly gregson made kick ass/cornicopious costumes for conan show within hrs. so i could give youtubers new boing! %^p
@razmataz72 nice one buddy boing!!! ;^)
@hellsbells76 boing back atcha liverpool? anyone interesting ever come from there! hehe! the beatles new how to boing!!!! {b^]
@ssssstevo boingin' you back!!! ;^)
@icatalina i like that music! boyoyoing!!! ;^)
@eddicito boooooiiiiiiiinnnnnngggg!!! pass it on!!! ;^)
@eda_e don't be afraid to bounce! boinggggg!!! ;^d
@melissavaldez passin' it means your on my team! it's all yours! boing!!! ;^&gt;
@milkspiller i got out of the way and it came to me! this is for everyone! some rising some going to bed. speakin' to the whole you/me! ;^)
goodmornight world!as u read this tw't,feel your body as the space in which it's happening.then you'll be the whole you/me...and boing! ;^o
lemme hear you bounce this big blue ball!boing boing!we can bounce this big blue ball!boing boing!can u bring  that boing boing,y'all?! {b^&gt;
@kessa1967 boooiiinnnggg!!! ;^p
@ukmatty01 rt hey uk, i'll give you a 'boing' if you promise to 'bend it like beckhem'! ;^p
wow! it looks like this big blue ball is gonna keep bouncin'! hope the satellite can is built for it! booooooiiiiiiiiiiinnnnngggggg!!!!! 8^j
@starpussy nice lip! double boing!!! ;^@
@fatsmitty74 ...stick a finger in yer eye! boing!!! ;^d
@xkinniex thanks scotland, heads up moscow! boing!!! ;^j
@healgrief i'm wackin' it right back atcha korea! boing! %^d
@basicblackts08 thanks! boing!!! ;^&gt;
@sylviobr boing!!! ;^)
@cozemc yummy! ;^)
@revvmaster sure is. spank you kindly! ;^)
good night my friends! time for this dreamer to rock the r.e.m. state! ;^)
@gregorybmuszkie check out the man on the moon audition tape i made for milos, on jimcarrey.com in clips near movie trailor on player. {b^&gt;
@allyska none. ;^)
@mmeesh rt elton and bernie left a message at this number 226 968 3335 843 5683 8664448? {b^&gt;
@canigetascoop hi ;^)
@colourista your not alone at all. ;^)
@ms_tko that's a beautiful smile you have. thanks for the emoticon;^)
@pifouneei 4 5683 968 ;^)
@kris_ugu cherish him! hehe! ;^)
@heymynameisevan everyone has taken drugs. especially your grandparents! ;^)
@ralph5806 it's ego that plays the game of separateness! read tolle's new earth. smart man. ;^)
@johnnyferro good for you brother! one of the greatest! ;^)
@reeeteixeira aaaaaaaarruuugalaaaaaa!!!!! %^o
@selalves love the pics. i love you too. ;^&gt;
@taylorgrace1226 hi there sweety! ;^&gt;
in a world where 'sane' often means 'inauthentic', i'd prefer to be called madman! }%^ ow ow oooowww!!!
@jasondantzler i'm wearing my ninja turtle underwear right now jason! nutn wrong wit dat! %^&gt;
five minutes for napping. time for mom and dad to go on a power play!
send me your pictures of heaven! ;^)
heaven 8^p
of
theirs
pure
and now that i've established my moral superiority to everyone in the gossip industry, i'm going to yank it to free porn and go to bed! 8^
the gossip industry is a cancer on our culture!those who work in it don't understand their worth.i wish them luck with their compromise. ;^)
@zezealves i don't like the word follower. admirer yes. no 1 should be deified, but he is a wise man a great influence and good friend. ;^)
watchin kick ass reminded me,our new 'geek heroes' wouldn't exist without my buddy judd apatow who was there watching it with me.s'neat ;^)
@guyaneezgyal i see all that and your undies! kidding. ;^)
@guyaneezgyal hi pickering girl. ;^)
@biggestortizfan i'm no expert. your gonna have to make your own mistakes. nice guns man! ;^)
@arigirl i am. spank you kindly! ;^)
@eda_e wrong ;^)
at times i feel like i'm wearing street clothes in the middle of an elaborate costume drama, making it hard 4 some folks 2 keep acting. ;^)
@piepypiep amsterdamn!!! {b^&gt;
@toddcasttv late summer, early fall. are u man enough? ;^)
@onebailey i'll take it and send it back times infinity! ;^)
@gillopezjr u got it right! ;^)
@ketan01 bow wow wow yippie yo yippie yay! bow wow yippie yo yippie yay! {b^&gt;
@jenaseegalet make up and costume removal. that's all. ;^)
@maxfieldskermer you too. 4 5683 968 ;^)
@flickindebean ;^)
@crazydavey25 i don't think you're paying attention ;^)
@rosalena73 but can you learn any? ;^)
@justicefacts i don't really care quite honestly. no offense. good luck! {b^&gt;
@relaxjamie heave with honey on it! ;^)
@eplusjo don't ever call yourself a loser!others either.u have a beautiful face.it makes me happy.don't take life too personally. 5683 ;^)
@alexkyte13 i know like sssssinge! my tweet to you was filled with those words. wakie, wakie, alex! ;^)
mom dad pop tit yay tot bob i spelled these backwords and it doesn't seem matter! nice gag, huh, sis? lol! (:)
@crystal_mkrep 84265 968 2797825 %^&gt;
@elisam1437 4 5683 968 ;^)
@green_tuxedo ;^)
@iloveye2  4 5683 968. ;^)
rt 
  
understanding abandonment, self-abandonment and learning how to overcome them is the only work that needs to be done. on earth! ;^)
understanding abandonment, self-abandonment and learning how to overcome them is the only work that needs to be done. yeah, i solved it! ;^p
(^;  !sdrowkcab ssa dlrow eht gniweiv er'ew ,tuoba ytliug leef ew sgniht eht rof srehto emalb ot syaw dnif ew nehw
gute nacht. ich hoffe, du welt ist hell und schn morgen! ;^)
@cherrybomb0 i spook easy. don't like scary movies. fertile imagination! i was kidding though, mostly. b well. }8^{
@raygarton first 2000 r free! ;^)
@rawveggies not at all. wednesday's humpday! it's a weak case! ;^)
@rawveggies  rt i'm as sober as a church and clear as a bell, quasimodo! good luck gettin' over the hump! ;^p
@frank2982 webbys r kinda big! ;^&gt;
hey gang jimcarrey.com got a nom at the webby awards!(hold 4 applause)cast yer vote at
@swaggahmole rt be gentle. anderson cooper is a magical unicorn! there are very few left! {b^&gt;
i love penguins!can't be sad around'em!ferrets are fun 4 a min but then it's like,dude,take a breath!still on the fence about rabbits!u? ;^/
note 2 bad journalists.i haven't taken anti-depressants or been depressed for yrs. now!soon i'll help others by writing about ---&gt;
g'night ;^ zzzz
@hatrimm i like beauty and the beast myself!  }:^&gt;~
@jeffkelso you should star in 'joseph's amazing technicolor dreamcoat!' offended? {b^
@kergelaine   first, i'm healthier than i've ever been. second, i haven't been depressed or taken anti depressents for years. third f u. ;^)
@johnnyvulpine lactose intolerant? }=^p
sometimes i make an ass of myself, yet i'm anything butt! thankyou g'night! (hold for applause...wait for it... aaaaand fade to black)  }=^p
@the_phallus back to ya like a ricachet chloe! ;^&gt;
@mulan_1998 i am grateful 2 u! ;^&gt;
@winkleman for media it's just fuel. ;^
@madi_bball_24 good to have ya with me! preeshee8 it! ;^)
@tiffdoh keep it!  ;^)
bonne nuit  tous. je vous aime tous comme un enfant aime un gros ballon rouge! {b^)
@audreywarhol nowone can ever lose anything or anyone. ;^)
is it selam or salam?
@the_ironist rt this is no breakdown! it's a breakthrough! and if you'll just loosen these straps, i'll show you the difference! %^
..and a joyfully disarming(with a hacksaw if necessary)sense of humor.i promise 2 reflect all that i'm seeing,hearing,feeling,sensing---&gt;
rt breaking news!jim carrey's ambassador to the world,is dead!he is survived by me,the actual jim carrey,who has opinions about stuff.---&gt;
@gabrielaarios much love too you, gabriel! ;^)
@shannonl76 jokin shannon. take a breath. ;^)
@fran_k_1991 spankyou kindly! ;^)
rt i want 2 make it clear that i do not condone infidelity at all, but 2 some degree the responsibilty 4 it is shared by both people! ;^)
whenever we form a consensus about some1 we envy, who's stumbling, our collective ego loves to flex it's unified muscle! s'ugly! }%^o
b tru 2 u.  }{;o[] &lt;--- my emoticlown!
@steveunknown thanks man! ;^)
@linelevesque hammer time! ;^p
@emmyvanswaaij congrats! s'beatiful but not easy! ;^)
tiger speech by billy payne chairman of the the masters?really heavy handed.wish'm luck with that false sense of superiority! d;^ "4"
read tw'ts about what bugs u all most.even trivial stuff seems 2 b from an old place where someone'r'thing made u feel less than enough ;^)
@fillippafkwit rt sure, call me crazy. that would make you feel safer, wouldn't it? fine! doieeeeeee!!! (drool, dribble) ?%^}
from the depths of despair comes an untamed beast with a taste for destruction and wicked sense of humor! "release the wisekrakin!!!" }8{}
@araviola2  there's a time and a place 4 all of the emotions in my home. don't worry! ?;^&lt;  ?}^o  ?%^  ?;^&gt;
jenny and i have just ended our 5yr relationship. i'm grateful 4 the many blessings we've shared and i wish her the very best! s'okay! ?;^&gt;
@alis0nslidjia much love to ya! ?;^&gt;
@markyj75 not in it. inaccurate rumor. read it and said no immediately! ?;^&gt;
for a better understanding of the previous tweet try
you can never be abandoned by anyone but yourself! every choice you make is either self love or abandonment. ?;^&gt;
@chrissullivan85 the moon belongs to everyone! good night. ?;^&gt;
without fear we would never have walked upright let alone landed on the moon! fear of russian superiority helped us get there! boo! ?%^
@carmitaccd been there! olah! ?;^&gt;
@_iisaah_ chile! whaddup?! ?;^&gt;
@sarahakasmellyf never whistle sarah! ?;^
good morning los angeles! it's 8:15am! goodnight perth! it's 11:15pm. remember that love belongs to you! ?;^&gt;
@dianamaklicious can't sleep now diana! you just got a tweet from jim friggin' carrey! bet you didn't know friggin' was my middle name! ?%^&gt;
wow,i know it's friday night,but i am really tired! man,i'm bushed! yep,think i'll call it a night! but hey u guys go nuts! yaaawn! o^;?
@blackrose_uk i see you adelle. b well ?%^&gt;
there's something 'good' about this friday. one, two, oh yeah! now i remember!  ?%^&gt;
@claytonhicks 'i love you phillip morris' coming soon, and more to follow! b free ?%^&gt;
rt if you're following a popular celebrity, on twitter, a great deal of the time, your tw'ting an assistant or writers 4 hire. not here! ;^)
@slewis923 i was a winner! %^&gt;
@yeahthatskosher azoy vert dos kichel tzekrochen, mr. klein! ;^)
of course, i meant ''masturbate' in my last tweet! i spell it 'masterbate' because i happen to have mastered it! ;^
@only_fools i'm a writer ;^)
@moiz_jambu the universe creates through me. i just try to get the f*ck out of the way! %^&gt;&lt;:
i want what's best for you all! ;^)
@staspoznyakov spankyou! ;^)
@eddicito i think it was the dali lama who once said, "boredom can only happen to those who don't masterbate!" good luck. ;^)
i wish 968 255 968 6333. goodnight.  ;^)
255 968 6333 47 5683, 5683, 5683 47 255 968 6333! ;^)
@theh1tman fondly. 255 968 6333 47 5683 ;^)
@victorburgundy and you are a bloodhound slash critic? ;^)
@gary_or_comics iceberg?! does al gore know about this! :^&lt;
carrey on, soldiers! ;^&lt;
@spleensplitter you call yourself a musician?! 'captain comedy' has a much better ring to it! dismissed!!!! ;^&lt;
@ph0kin  but molestation can last forever. &lt;&lt;{=^( &gt;+
@janstephens thank you so much! i think it turned out well. ;^)
the catholic priesthood has become a religious disorder. ;^)
rah, rah, rah, america!!! whether it works or not, the passing of a healthcare bill proves there is still a conscience in our country! ;^)
no joke...jenny wants to know why some guys cheat on their women, for her new book on sex. anybody? ;^)
@patkerins yeah ain't that just nuts! %^&gt;
@bonnievantastic both! ;^)
jenny's new book's about sexuality. she just wrote a chapter on masterbation.4 any1 who's really in2 that, it'll be available in braille.;^)
@save_me_please just a faze. ;^)
@krystle1kat my word for people who live to disagree ;^)
i'm gonna express myself freely and honestly folks. happiness sadness outrage and all! anyone who doesn't like that can find a lump! k? ;^)
@selalves back 2 ya! ;^)
welcome to twitter, @camerondiaz!
have a question for johnny knoxville (@realjknoxville)? #askbadgrandpa 10/14, 5:30 pt / 8:30 et! cc: @jackassworld
tweet and vine #donjonchat now to submit questions for the @hitrecordjoe chat today at 12:30pm pt!
welcome to twitter, @christinaricci!
welcome to twitter @liamhemsworth!
welcome to twitter @aaroneckhart!
mel brooks, @carlreiner. live in-tweet video qanda.  w/judd apatow. monday 4/29! 5 e / 2 p. got a question? tweet with #comedyfest
welcome the lovely @imheathergraham to twitter!
lights, camera, tweet! follow your favorite twitter personalities live-tweeting the @mtv #movieawards, sunday 9/8c:
welcome @gerardbutler to twitter!
tune-in and watch the #oscars unfold through the eyes of live-tweeting stars tonight 4p/7e on abc!
best #oscar idea ever the #oscarroadtrip. follow @angiegreenup and @bengleib, @oscarroadtrip. ping them and have oscar come to your town!
join us in welcoming academy award winner (and nominee this year for #zerodarkthirty!) writer and producer @markboal to twitter!
got a ? for @alexgibney?  hywood reporter is talking to him tomorrow. tweet it out to #askthr.
got a ? for @jessicabiel? hollwyood report is talking to her today. tweet to #askthr 
hi @agft4u! @joshduhamel said it was the whole package! from @sparksnicholas to @juliannehough to lasse hallstrom! #safehaven
big @goldenglobes bounce for michael haneke and #amour. see the latest oscars index at
congratulations to jessica chastain on her #goldenglobes win for #zerodarkthirty!
congratulations to @realhughjackman  on his #goldenglobes win tonight for @lesmiserables! #lesmis
here's mark andrews, director of #brave, in the press room. congratulations on your #goldenglobes win!
quentin tarantino in the press room. congratulations on your #goldenglobes win for best screenplay! #djangounchained
back in the press room with jennifer lawrence! congratulations to her and @weinsteinfilms for her #goldenglobes win!
.@_juliannemoore and the team behind @hbo's #gamechange in the press room. congrats on your #goldenglobes win!
anne hathaway looking stunning, earlier on the red carpet! #goldenglobes
mr. @jessetyler on the red carpet earlier! is that @tietheknotorg that you're sporting? #goldenglobes
lucy lui always looks so graceful! #goldenglobes
mel gibson walking the carpet at the #goldenglobes!
director tom hooper has arrived! #lesmiserables #goldenglobes
it's @realhughjackman and his wife debra lee! #goldenglobes
the legendary steven speilberg has arrived! #goldenglobes
"and you are....? " it's @jessetyler #goldenglobes
hi @officialjld ! #goldenglobes
it's @alyssa_milano on the #goldenglobes carpet
doesn't look bad!
@theonetruebix it'll work, but it's odd! like kissing on both cheeks!
congratulations to @lincolnmovie on the academy award nomination for best picture! #oscarnoms
congrats to @universalpics @realhughjackman and @russellcrowe on the academy award nomination for best picture, @lesmiserables! #oscarnoms
congratulations to @benaffleck on #argo's academy award nomination for best picture! #oscarnoms cc: @wbpictures
congrats @stonenobrien and @sethmacfarlane. great job on the #oscarnoms
can't wait for @stonenobrien and @sethmacfarlane to take the stage ...
here's the @sethmacfarlane and @emmastone eye view! #oscarnoms
@wends2100 @theacademy coffee, wendy?
it's #oscarnoms time! we're here @theacademy !!! more pix to come.
got a question for @marlonlwayans? ask him with #askmarlon. he'll be doing a live twitter-view w/ @regalmovies about @ahhmovie 2:30pm (pt)!
hi @monkeylove91! @jacksonrathbone told us his new single "billy badass" comes out this saturday!! #askrath
.@jacksonrathbone played a little piano, guitar and mandolin for us at twitter hq earlier today! #askrath
@mskathybates sending you all our love! very honored to have you back. you're an inspiration for us all!
let's welcome @joshlucas to twitter!
the @mtv #movieawards are sunday night! watch the story unfold through the eyes of your favorite stars on twitter 9/8c:
live-tweeted...hitchhiking? @herewegomagic share their chance meeting with director john waters!
kurt busch brings #talladeganights ricky bobby's paint scheme to life. that. just. happened. #nascar
welcome @mollyringwald to twitter! we're thinking a john hughes movie marathon is in order. #prettyinpink #thebreakfastclub #sixteencandles
we love that @theseanhayes @diamantopoulosc and @willsasso are kicking off the weekend right with an #askthestooges q&a at 10am pst/1pm est!
who said chivalry is dead? heartthrob @ryangosling saves british journalist from a nyc taxi!
join us in welcoming the lovely @americaferrera to twitter!
sofia coppola to open her next film the bling ring starring @emwatson and @lesliemann with one of @nicolerichie's tweets:
love a graph? see how the #bestdressed hashtag was able to get 7x normal engagement during the oscars red carpet.
rt @ritawilson: such a classy oscar telecast. kudos to @briangrazer and @billycrystal. and congrats to all the winners! #oscars
hope you guys are sticking around for rt @jimmykimmel: @oprah @coldplay @tomhanks , clooney, streep, and a monkey with a boner! #oscars
flicitations, jean dujardin!! #oscars #theartist
rt @alyssa_milano: kristen wiig looks beautiful! #oscars
rt @alecbaldwin: i'm tweeting live from the oscars.

ok, i'm in bed in east hampton.

whaddya want from me?
.@uggie_theartist in the house!! #oscars #theartist
rt @tomhanks: enlarge to see crush of fans heralding my backstage entrance to oscar show. hanx
rt @gavinrossdale: hey-here i am love tweeting with you guys...@tomhanks is radical.love that guy. intro was excellent @billycrystal #oscars
congratulations to @octaviaspencer!!! first time #oscars nominee for her role in the @helpmovie!!
brad pitt. 'nuff said. #swoon #bestdressed
presenters cameron diaz and penelope cruz rocking the short haircuts on the red carpet tonight! #oscars
nominee jean dujardin's favorite part of shooting in la? the light, the energy, being able to turn right on red...& cinammon rolls! #oscars
in preparation for her role nominee michelle williams practiced her marilyn monroe on everyone from the mail man the census taker! #oscars
#oscars presenter maya rudolph's advice for the big night? bring snacks and wear the right undergarments!
#oscars countdown! follow along with our live-tweeting cast here:
this years #oscars aim to emphasize the old-fashioned joy of watching movies in a theater. who's ready to #celebratethemovies this sunday?
finding a reason to make @wolfgangpuck's truffled chicken pot pie has just become my new mission in life:
rooney mara, @octaviaspencer & jean dujardin top @ninagarcia & @mrbradgoreski's list. who's your pick for #bestdressed?
who's ready to watch the #oscars unfold on twitter this sunday? announcing our official live-tweeting cast! rt
#glee #goldenglobes
the #goldenglobes red carpet is tented in case of showers...let's hope for the best.
the #goldenglobes red carpet is tented in case of showers...let's hope for the best.
the #goldenglobes red carpet is tented in case of showers...let's hope for the best.
so excited that
all of the lights 
art lessons!  jeff koons and nori #artbasel
in love with our new @thek_kollection bedding collections!
fun, bold and colorful!
behind the scenes of our christmas card 
@adtrendon i'm glad you like them!
@kendallnkardash hey doll!!!
@xkittymommax i do auctions every month.always give 10% of all my earnings 2 charityandchange the charity monthly.no good deed goes unpunished
@blancarivera_ girl power!!!!
dashing! dashboutique
@yankeestates te amo
can't wait for my west coasters to see our christmas special in 10 mins! so fun!
so excited for our very merry christmas!
@heatherrawrr ;-)
.  @jlmcbryde u sound so ignorant. bc i don't tweet or instagram my every move w my daughter means i am not ...
#clique @lorenridinger larsapippen amberridinger
morning miami
happy thanksgiving!
how cute is our new keep kalm tee exclusively sold at @kardashiankhaos @themiragelv in vegas!
 marina abramovi
our christmas special!
you nailed it!!! sooo funny! rt @sethrogen: #bound3
check out my @ebay auction with proceeds supporting those affected in the philippines @imc_worldwide
he said put your diamond in the sky 
i am very frustrated today seeing reports that i got surgery to lose my baby weight! this is false. i ...
@ultimatekimk you're so silly!
last nights look #veroniqueleroytop #donnakarenskirt #tomfordheels #bottegavenetaclutch
but pics of my little carlita @carladibello w kokes @khloekardashian, leaks @forevermalika, @jenatkinhair and @robscheppy made me miss her!!!!
khloe is london last night killing it! #kardashiankollection #lipsy
@kimkardlover i love my dash boys!!!
yesterday's look #topshoptop #kardashiankollectionsampleskirt #gianvittorossiheels #bottegavenetabag
@theonlyamg muah! xoxo
@thewittygirl you are beautiful
@dashplanet xoxoxo ;-)
@miniekardashian you're so welcome! thank you for all of your support!
#newstylist riccardotisci17
swerve 
so excited for the season finale tonight!!!! #kuwtk
me toooo! but now it's my bedtime rt @kendalljenner: honestly having such a fun time with my family and great friends 
bull in a chyna shop
@vianeyaguilar love you too!!!
@actuallyalison kinda funny you aren't looking closely enough bc i didn't delete anything ;-)
happy bday rt @moreillyfactor: all i want 4 my bday is a rt from the strongest woman i know and biggest inspiration in my life @kimkardashian
keek has a great contest going on right now called #discoverme. get the app and enter to win prizes!!
i hope you had a good birthday mamma
my @shoedazzle november picks!
all new #kuwtk tonight!!!
jay leno glam wearing our new highlighter and joystick lipstick #kardashianbeauty
please tune into jay leno tonight! i'm on! xoxo
ommmmggggg!!!!!! 
@_jnavarro_ never say never ;-)
his and hers
yeezustour casandrae
more to come!!! rt @molestmekardash: #kkforlipsy sold out in less than 48 hours! proud of my girls congrats on yet another hit!
its finally here!!! our kardashian kollection for lipsy!
yes!!!
i have the best brother in the whole wide world! #birthdayflowers
loving these lace bunny ears!
guess who we shot our latest campaign with
american dad...
@jamieewoood awww love that assignment! good luck! hope you get an a+
nope! rt @djordyw: i schedule my sundays around the kardashians. is that weird?
east coast let's watch keeping up with the kardashians! tune into e now!
happy sunday! don't forget to tune in to a brand new #kuwtk tonight! xo
thank u! rt @dash_doll_xo: @kimkardashian 's new perfume honey is just amazing omg i'm on love 
our new shoe line
@trukardashfan_ i love you too!!!
i didn't change my hair lol must be the flash! rt @kelseydanca: i'm in loveeeee with @kimkardashian's blonde(r than before) hair
@toopymlk awwww that's so sweet!
this jimmy kimmel interview is the truth!
@stephie_marie95 @violetbieberrr @jeanzz17 i have to see pics of this!!!
serious sister moment @khloekardashian
 plotting and planning
family1st rt @yourkardashnews: i luv how since the season 1 this show has been about family @khloekardashian @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash
thank you!!! rt @lovingkuwtk: @kimkardashian 's pure honey smells amazing
one hour until a brand new keeping up with the kardashians episode! tune into e!
i missed waking up with my little 
toast to cici #1stfashionshow #pfw
our kardashian kollection clothing is now available in australia!
her very own lab coat! thank you!!! #maisonmartinmargiela
@awesomefabian14 awww i love you too! nice pic ;-) lol
earlier 
want that perfect pout? follow @kardashianeu to win some honey stick lip gloss!
so excited for tonight's new #kuwtk! who's watching!?
@basedkardash love u so much!
love this stuff! @ulta_beauty  #kardashiansunkissed
thanks! rt @lovekhlokardash: love this of @kimkardashian #casual
@ dujour magazine was nominated "hottest newcomer" please go to and vote for them! 
@wooah_gera happy birthday! i hope you have an amazing day!
long beautiful work day with the family! shot a very fun christmas special! can't wait to share more later! night! xo
can't wait to watch tonight! @neneleakes #idreamofnene #tunein
@kardashianmad no u didn't! ;-)
happy birthday @renzorosso !!!!! xxooxoxoo
just learned to cook a new meal for my love! #yummy
get it guys!!! rt @scottdisick: u a good girl and u know it 
rt @crfashionbook: if you're wondering what it was like to be on set w @kimkardashian our new film should clear it up
@myleezakardash omg! come on! lol how are u doll? its been a while! xoxo
@bbpack love you too! xoxo
rt @kanyewest: tour
omg the cover of carine roitfeld's crfashionbook #issue3!!! shot by @karllagerfeld! thank you
love you too haha rt @ashlee2luv: i love @kimkardashian in a very creepy stalkish way #noshame
all that was missing was sophia! love you rt @larsapippen: had an amazing lunch w/ my favorite girls @kimkardashian and nori
so happy 4 u mastin!!! rt @huffpostown: how a tweet from @kimkardashian changed @mastinkipp's life #supersoulsunday
@finewinetoiya lol had to!
go to my blog to enter my contest to win a signed bottle of kardashian glow dark bronzer!
north
watching so many great videos from kylie's party on keek - it looked like so much fun!
fifteen minute #kuwtk countdown for my east coast loves...
happy sunday! so excited for tonight's episode of #kuwtk!!
only 45 minutes until #kuwtk is on west coast! rt if you'll be watching!
happy birthday to my baby sis @kyliejenner !!!! can't believe your 16! i love you so much!
@laken_may i hope we get the opportunity to meet one day! xoxo
so excited for tonight's #kuwtk episode!!! who's watching?
i wouldn't go that far lol rt @aussie_kardash: i love the feeling you get when @kimkardashian tweets you !! it's better than sex tbh !!
@barbiefreak23 yes i'm just now reading all of your tweets, you are the sweetest!
@kokokelll and probably all rumors!
@krazykardashbr don't die! lol
@krazykardashbr i see you!
@ultimatekimk of course doll!!!! always and forever!
@jamima_hussain have a good day! xo
@joelantoniio7 love u too!
east coast, are you ready for #kuwtk tonight!? #kards
rt @kanyewest: blkkk skkkn head video at midnight
whose watching keeping up with the kardashians with me? tune into e!
@kelssums1 anytime ;-)
pink!
watching my mom now! couldn't be more proud!!! tune into the kris show now!
you don't want to miss tonight's #kuwtk episode...
#throwbackthursday - a few months ago checking out @kyliejenner's leopard twwaaaangg
my sis @larsapippen you make me laugh so hard everyday! i love u! happy bday
so excited for tonight's brand new #kuwtk episode!!
oh yeah oh yeah
from start to finish
#throwbackthursday should i jump? #nofilter
lip service
leave it to @joycebonelli to find a creative way to use our kardashian sunkissed tanning products  
@leonwebbstevens thanks!
hiiii rt @fay_jumppppp: @kimkardashian please notice me again kim!!!
look hot, feel cool
fan fashion face-off...
@brittgastineau every flavor! lol
hope you loved tonight's #kuwtk episode east coast!!! west coast we're coming to you soon!
the whole season is! rt @_jakecalderon: this keeping up is already intense!!!!!  @khloekardashian @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash @kuwtk
30mins until keeping up with the kardashians is on!!!!! i'm so proud of @brodyjenner for being so honest! tune in to e! at 9pm
say hello to our fans for me @kourtneykardash @khloekardashian. wish i could be there!! #kbeautyatulta @kbeautyofficial
rt @kardashianpedia: thailand! the new ss13 kardashian kollection launched at @dorothy_perkins in bangkok and phuket!
so golden
kardashian kollection flashback friday! #polkadots! kardashiankollection
rp #tbt jonathancheban and i in london watching my perform #watchthethrone
for your chance to hang out with my sisters, go to @ulta_beauty in huntington beach now and buy our @kbeautyofficial kits! so exciting!
yesterday 4 cars boxed me in. one in front, behind, and one on each side just to have me drive at their ...
i just swabbed to see if i'm a match! i hope i will be for cici!  rt @uniquethatsme13: @kimkardashian are you a donor yourself?
please help my cousin cicibussey and many others in her situation. be a donor, save a life! #abmdr
khloe is such a keek
@khloekgorgeous awww thanks!
@infraredsix i just look at kylies. its
@seandazzling this is the sweetest message ever! i really needed that! thank you!
matching makeup!
pjazz
yesterday's look #lanvin
rock those beautiful curves, ladies!
30 minute countdown starts now! tune in to e! at 9/8c to see the #kuwtk magic happen!
what did you guys think of the #kuwtk premiere?? so excited for the rest of you to see it in 2 hours!
what are you most excited to see on tonight's #kuwtk?
tonight's the night! #e!
yes! let's all go to lunch and see! rt @3goldensisters: we think @khloekardashian is mary, @kimkardashian ...
miss you so much! rt @ddlovato: @joycebonelli @kimkardashian obsessed  miss you both and clyde too!!!
what's mine is yours
get your glow on! #kardashianglow
throwback thursday @kendalljenner @kyliejenner  and suzy
i cant instagram pics of me wearing jewelry or cute things bc my mom always shows up in the same exact thing right after!
a fun night you can't miss!
watching live with kelly and michael. so excited @khloekardashian is going to be on! love these surprises! forgot she was in ny doing press!
go kokes! rt @kardash_love23: khloe is doing such a great job on all the shows promoting #kuwtk8! go khloe! @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash
panda express with a black amex #bevcenterfoodcourt atkinjen
just chillin with my boo today 
well i don't want you to die! rt @rozerinozdemir: i'd literally dieeeee if @kimkardashian tweeted me back on my birthday 
#kardashiansunkissed instant sunless lotion a fast and easy step to add to your summer beauty routine! exclusively available @ulta_beauty
pregnancy lips.... @eos to the rescue! lol
@samjameselliott i love you too!
i feel you! rt @makeupbymario: it takes alot of strength to stay sane.  #shocked.
omg i almost died when i saw this! 2006 throwback! this ones for u letthelordbewithyou
have fun robbie!
sexy and sweet...
lock and key
just finishing up the most iconic photo shoot ever in paris!!! #legendary
sister photoshoots are so fun!
a big night in nyc!
midnight in paris txampspix @krisjenner @orousteing
family dinners are the best!
yesterday's look- saint laurent
@o_jtillsss awwww makes me miss miami
don't miss tonight's #kktm airing in the uk at 9pm, featuring our @cosmopolitanuk cover shoot where we fill out those fun cosmo quizzes!
ready nyc?!? with help from @gbrookebeauty  love her!
 @carladibello
awe fun flashback friday of @kourtneykardash and i in miami! #funmemories
city chic for running errands!
my baby killin it tonight!!!!!
shooting with my sisters!
our summer lookbook is here!
braid talk today
@ultimatekimk ;-)
our southern welcome...
its going to be a good week! make the best of it! xoxo
kardashian beauty! rt @kimkdashdaily: @kourtneykardash @kimkardashian and @khloekardashian for 'kardashian beauty'.
harem heaven
date night...
yes!!! rt @lorenridinger: my girl is the best! so proud of u @jlo has a new single #liveitup.  download it on itunes
european travels
gatsby glam
when we first met madonna
gloves. train. flowers.
#donatellaversace
making all my stops
prada kinda night! styled by rushkabergman biglove
my fab fashion pieces end sunday @ebaygiving w/ @auctioncause, proceeds support life change community church!
sweet dreams houston. see you tomorrow!
@monikardashian9 love you too! xoxo
riseandgrindgymtime
love my late night eyebrow and chat sessions with @anastasiasoare love you
bye mykonos! 
backstage crew #mrscartershow
tea time #sofancy
simple yet bold...
@kimkpassion i hope you have the best birthday ever!
you're prettiest when you're happy!
these are the sweetest notes ever! i  u guys! rt @kimkiloveu: @kimkardashian  look what me and @wannabelikekim made 4u
family dinner in greece
 heavenly
4:36am can't sleep #jetlag
simple and cool
looking in the rear view...
april 24, 1915, 1.5 mil armenians were massacred! let's all please recognize this day in history! never forget! #recognizearmeniangenocide
wow, i'm almost at 1.2 million keek followers already! keek is getting huge!!! download the app and
family affair at the e party!
today's shoes #kanyewest #giuseppezanotti #cruelsummer
nyc nights with barrefaeli rachel_roy @krisjenner lorraineschwartz foxxyo
yes! rt @eonline: @kimkardashian: 10 min countdown till showtime with @ryanseacrest on e!
to fulfill your destiny, you don't need what other people have. you need only what lies within.
cutest thing ever!
new kardashiankollection at sears spring 2013 shot by ellen von unwerth
@jjlopez34 awww you're very sweet!
np "say it ain't so bad" by brandon and leah. leah sounds sooo beautiful on this song
so excited for my mom's show @krisjennershow which starts july 15th! #kristv
the fam getting ready to surprise kourtney for her birthday! shhhh
happy birthday to my big sister and mentor @kourtneykardash i love you soooo much!!!!
sister act 2
red hot
@addictedtokimk awww this is so sweet! i love it!
dash doll
mtv awards
sky high
waking up and seeing more images from boston. just so heartbreaking! #prayersforboston
people will never forget how you make them feel
love my hair tonight @chrismcmillan
happy birthday scotty! rt @kardashianpedia: happy birthday, @thescottycunha! xoxo
glam @joycebonelli
can't wait for our catch up sesh!
just heading over to the kardashian kollection facebook to start my chat! i
rt @jasonbinn: big news! @dujourmedia's up for best home page by @thewebbyawards vote now
lovely ladies in leopard!
@alisahsarah was so much fun to do!
i'm loving everything i see!
who is watching chelsea lately???? payback baby!!! lol
i missed my best friend!!!! @chelseahandler
me wrapping mason in the bubble wrap! love that guy!!! #kktm
so happy u like it! rt @kardash_love23: #kktm finale is amazing..i don't want it to end @khloekardashian @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash
please grow out bangs! you're officially bugging me!
chevron chic!
flashback friday!!! i miss u  lol
@nicolaavoss 
faking it
under the sea shadows...
can't wait to see you at kardashian khaos!
life is too short
love the stripe dress! rt @kardashxxoo: i need to go to sears! @kimkardashian @khloekardashian @kourtneykardash
look what i got in my easter basket! i  @eos lip balm! #eosobsessed
next week... rt @luvbiebs4lyfe: @kimkardashian i was so mad at the ending i wanted to know what scott did!!
notre dame on easter
hiding my bangs...
@osasuigbinedion thank u! glad u saw it
thank u so much! rt @_xmarissabee: putting @kimkardashian in temptation was by far the best decision @tylerperry has made! #amazingmovie
mj and me
besitos bernard
fav ny spot! 
don't know how @atkinjen manages to hide my bangs but now i'm over them! @1maryphillips is shy today!
#tbt cannes
happy birthday to my best friend! my ride or die @carladibello i love you!!!
no regrets...just love
midweek mani!
i see there's a photo shopped tweet floating around, supposedly something i said about nigeria. that was not me, or my feelings.
@lilianstevens26 i love you too!
equality for all. it's that simple. #prop8
guess who i ran into?!? my  mr. alber elbaz
my @simonhuck i couldn't survive nyc without you!
how cute is kristin chenoweth!?! she filled in for kelly today on @kellyandmichael! i could hear her talk all day. i love her voice!
turned on the newsandheard that amanda knox is being re-tried 4 the murder of her roommate back in italy.anyone else shocked by this decision?
good night new york 
send me a pic of your best #kardashianglow tan!
sprayed tonight after watching kktm! my legs are soooo dark! loving kardashian sunkissed!
omgggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg o.m.g.
wooowhooo! rt @kdgymnast00: the fact #kktm is trending!&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; @khloekardashian @kourtneykardash @kimkardashian
5mins til kktm! tune into e now!
so excited to have a kourtney and kim take miami party tonight!!! who is with me? #kktm
back shot #lovethismuglertop #lanvinskirt
stunning!!! rt @kardashiannavy: khloe at the 2013 kid's choice awards
could he be any cuter?
am i the only one who thinks amanda bynes new make over is amazing!?!
morning twitter fam! early morning workout!
@rihanna_navy_x ;-) xoxoxo!
@samreeeves thanks!!!
its not what you say...its how you say it
this dress looks fab on everyone!
fun photo shoot today! loving these colored contacts! can't wait for you guys to see what this is for.
blue
today's outfit! #alaia #dolce #sears
and  the glam! make up by @joycebonelli and hair by @clydehairgod #creamypeachy #effortlessbraid
@niceayco haha love you too!
@adorejenner that's so exciting! congrats!!!
hahaha! no don't be afraid! drink pineapple juice rt @kimkfannet: should i be worried about watching kktm tonight? pineapple va-what??? lol
aren't they amaze! so happy u like rt @tanlicioustan: we love @kimkardashian lotions it's like the best lotion ever!!
thanks!!!! rt @kcastillo2319: this has got to be the funniest #kktm episode ever!! @khloekardashian @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash
did you guys like kourtney and kim take miami tonight???? who watched?
don't miss it tonight! ;-) rt @conniehoward3: rushing down the stairs to record @kourtneykardash and @kimkardashian take miami!
another pic celebrating with @robkardashian for his bday last year! we u robbie 
magically delicious. my st. patrick's day breakfast 
with tyler perry at our movie premiere for temptation- confessions of a marriage counselor
@roadofsaddness i love you too!
so excited for rob!
picking up some essentials with kourt
thank you for my amazing gift basket lorenridinger @jrridinger @lorenridinger love you guys!!!
hairstyle throwback thursday- old hollywood glam
quick way to hide bangs
museum exploring...
we did it!
don't over think it, go simple...
lunching with my mom and kylie!
it was worth it.
stacked
family keek!!!!
the only failure is in not trying
west coast...kourtney and kim take miami starts now!!! tune into e!
did u all hear @scottdisick say 93lbs is the dream!?!?! is he on crack!!!!
my detective skills come out in full force tonight on kourtney and kim take miami! i can't believe the cops let me do that!!! #kktm
the security guard wouldn't let me in my moms gates bc he said i didn't look like kim kardashian...hmmm #rude #getglasses
love this look
ok i'm done goodnight 
the ultimate statement necklace!
beautiful lunch in beverly hills
major catch up time!
fall in love
airport look- mugler @formichetti
everyone back in the us, kourtney and kim take miami starts now!!! tune into e!
givenchy show was amazing!!!! congrats ricardo!
one of my fav looks! rt @wannaknowkim: style - @kimkardashian wearing emilio pucci top and skirt and tom ford sandals
best dinner tonight with @angiemartinez @lala @rachel_roy wish we had more timeeeeee! love you girls!!!!
flashback friday- last pic from the roller skating party
mommy blog - my maternity fashion!
love this dress! so slimming
is this real!?! life just got a little easier! #frontrowparking
#tbt another dancing throwback! me leaving dance rehearsals #iwassoooooskinny
sears baby! wow i look skinny haha! rt @khloekardashian: i love kims kardashian kollection dress she's rocking! 
@shukri_mohamed1 i see them!
nice meeting you! rt @x3bethlineham: cant believe its been a year since i met @kimkardashian thats #cray
camo birkin!!!!
honey pots #khromabeauty #comingsoon
bangin' baby
lord have mercy!!! rt @scottdisick: murci murci me
@tallulahrock hahaha! well not every time ;-)
my new cosmo cover!
fun day working with my high school bff @simoneharouche
i miss this guy so much!!!!
today's glam #kardashiankollection #joyceandclyde
lorraineschwartz ended up giving me these last night to make up for it!!!! jk i wish!
love her heidiklum
fun night! met 1 of my fav photographers mario testino!! then came home and put 2gether cute outfits w my bff @rachel_roy and @khloekardashian!
reminiscing about paree!
nice one lol rt @tmzstore: first look at baby kimye ...
oh how i missed my bff chelseahandler
awe penelope is wearing the little balenciaga bag i got her for christmas!
everyone follow @jonathancheban for his bday
#tbt more from that same night with chudney! #herveobsessed lol
prabal gurung and my fav balenciaga pants
ily
@rawrismo hello
balmain blues
baby hairs 
just got mason hooked on wreck it ralph!!! finally think i got him away from the grinch ;-) kourtney's gonna love me!
kardashian jenner kingdom
makes me feel i can't live without you
took a dip in bruce webber's pool for dujour
oh @jonathancheban i love you! don't worry @kourtneykardash is mean to me too!
who is watching kourtney and kim take miami?!?!? tune in now!!!
love this leggo clutch #chanel
rt @joelosteen: every day is a gift from god, and your time is too valuable to waste trying to please everybody.
thank you for the amazing time nigeria! i can't wait to come back soon!
bold black and white!
just landed in lagos! 1st time in nigeria, yay! catch me 2mrw as i co-host the red carpet with @darey at #llam 6pm at eko hotel!!
i love how my family goes in on every holiday!
rt @lorenridinger: rt @khloekardashian
when you love what you have, you have everything you need.
had a blast yesterday with @khloekardashian and @kourtneykardash doing our beauty shoot @khroma_beauty @sirenstudiosla
good night
bo derek braids
side braid
step into my closet...
straight hair don't care
mania!
@jlo xoxoxo!!!!!!! 
my grammy's favorites!
shoe game today @guiseppezanotti
hey west coast, it's time for a brand new episode of kourtney and kim take miami!!
wow @jlo looks the best hands down!!!!! so sexy!!!
loved this shoot! you're a genius nicola! rt @formichetti: sexy @kimkardashian for @elleshere  #miguelreveriego
meetings, meetings, meetings
yes it is ;-) i can't wait! rt @nomzzzy: @kimkardashian i heard u comin to nigeria, is it true???
so proud of my baby!
long nails are soooo not my thing!!! i can't put my necklace on! cant hardly type and i just can't do anything!!!! annoyed on another level
looks likes @lala inspired me to get long nails! hope i like them!
our kardashian kollection handbags are now available at @equiptweets in australia!
armenian! and egypt rt @kimberlyk411: @kimkardashian what's one country you wanna visit that you've never been in? 
puff pony tail swag
ha rt @ccmanuella: sometimes i just cry randomly over @khloekardashian @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash @kendalljenner @kyliejenner  idk why
@megan_balfe haha that's amazing!
i wonder how many guys auditioned for this... lol
please follow my dear friend lorraineschwartz on instagram! i'm wearing her jewels in this pic!
i heard there was this little football game at the beyonce concert today.... is that true? #beyoncebowl
#repost - real
i tried it for 3 months straight. didn't work for me! :-( rt @meredithdm8: @kimkardashian coconut oil helps psoriasis
the secret garden
in honor of national wear red day
my mom is kinda major
just one bite! #mcgriddle #myfave
loving braids
can u say desperate??? @serenawilliams lol lol lol
was so lazy but had to get that workout in! i'm so not a night workout person
photo bomb @atkinjen
a little biggie in the morn to get the vibe going
fun girls night!!! but where's my nose @serenawilliams ??? lol #tooflashy
glam time!!! @atkinjen @makeupbymario
black and white pairing
there's no place like home!
@nik_4ster awe thank you!
@welive4khloe love you too!
@myleezakardash well i tried! thought it worked at 1st but still haven't found what works for me :-(
oh yeah oh yeah rt @deannaaamariexo: did @kimkardashian really just rub breast milk on herself? 
@kennicotasks eliminate what's negative in your life! don't let others bring u down! don't focus on that stuff! too many haters
who's watching the show? i'm up jet lagged wishing i could watch with you!
late night snack 
meetings with @joycebonelli  
i honestly can't believe i still haven't been to sleep since i woke up at 2am, and now its 2pm. i'm going to bed!
2 days left in my ebay auctions! amazing pieces by rachel zoe, alexander wang and more
sooo dope!!! look kristennoelgipson it's u and me mixed!
good morning #matteblacknails #allcartierwrist
rt @oopy11: @kimkardashian please help me campaign for my sisters election at school. rt this for her. #voteslatemeighen
tbt who has go carts on the runway!!!! #swerve
rt @khloekardashian: 10yrs after my fathers passingandnow that she has filed for bankruptcy... now she sells ...
prob done responding to fakeness for a while but i knew this weeks stories hurt my mom and i will set record straight 2 protect her! #fam1st
so my dad's ex is selling ridiculous stories again to tabloids! do not believe it! sad when people need $ and get desperate.
peek a boo
another crazy shoot today with nick knight! can't wait for you guys to see this one!!!
sometimes...
@iheartkimnet i forgot now! lol
kardashians glory!
brand new kardashian kollection items are coming to @dorothyperkins on jan 24!!! sneak peek and more details here:
woke up early, went to the gym! feels good to start my day like this!
date night in paris
children of africa foundation. orphanage case blanche  : )
shortened koko to kokes...she calls me keeks now, short for kiki... rt @kardashiannavy- i love kim's nickname for khloe! #kokes
@kkkardashianuk never say never ;-)
@deebaby123 thanks for watching!
its very helpful! rt @aislingnolan
i'm crying @kimkardashian using siri 
awww my baby mercy
since i'm in africa i can't get this premiere! but i will live tweet and stay up! i wanna know what u guys think!
rt @mikesnedegar: ill be watching 2 of my favorite drama queens 2nite @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash - kourtney and kim take miami 9pm on e!
yay!!! rt @kellyrowland: tonight i'm watching  kourtney and kim take miami tonight at 9/8c on e!
be sure to tune in!
can't wait 2 see u on this rt @larsapippen: tune in tonight!!! love these girls so much @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash
me!!! rt @jonathancheban: tonight is the night..... kourtney and kim take miami tonight at 9/8c on e! whose ready??!!
some hearts just get lucky sometimes 
in africa, doing a tracy anderson dvd in my lingerie bc i forgot workout clothes! @joycebonelli thinks i'm nuts! lol
more behind the scenes of my photo shoot #stephanerolland #modastouch
just got a call from my mom telling me about this prank call that someone was shot in their home and 15 swat team and 3 helicopters showed up!
@celebuzz @officialjenners yes! when we got there it was the biggest mess! we had to basically completely overhaul and find a new location too
@celebuzz @h_tiph123 we put our lives out there a lot, but there are some things we like to keep private and it can be hard.
@celebuzz @lemonc00ler i did a song a couple of years back, and hype williams directed the video! it was all just4fun, nothing too serious!
@celebuzz @kkardashian95 i laughed so hard i got a headache and couldnt finish watching it! doctor's orders! lol funny story from my childhood
@celebuzz @uwais_patel so many exciting moments! finding the new dash store location, playing w dolphins, the whole 3 months was exciting!
@celebuzz @team_kimye_  andrea bocelli is my favorite male singer and celine dion is my favorite female singer! who's yours? #kktmcelebuzz
@celebuzz @welovekhloeko that we are in competition with each other. we support each other through think and thin. family is everything.
mirror mirror on the ceiling...
just landed in abidjan!
tbt... me, @kourtneykardash, @khloekardashian and mr. lionel richie!
looking up baby websites with @joycebonelli...oh how times have changed! i remember when we were single roomies just a few years ago!
hey vegas! @kourtneykardash will be heading to our @kardashiankhaos store at @themiragelv this saturday from 1pm-3pm. stop by and say hi!
@ryancollins98 awwww
modern twist on old school glamour
excited for my twitterchat with u guys and @celebuzz on friday at 5pm pst! follow them and tweet your questions with hashtag #kktmcelebuzz! xo
so funny when you see magazines and photos online of this new home that's supposedly mine but its the wrong house! lol
may all your wishes come true rachel_roy 
kisses khroma 
happy birthday to my beautiful, smart, best advice giver, secret keeper, best girlfriend ever.... @rachel_roy !!!!! cant wait to celebrate!
serendipity @jonathancheban
today, people in newtown are making the #sandyhookpromise to reduce gun violence. sign the pledge with me at
family dinner at the azoff's is never a dull moment!
@dashdollls thanks for the support!!! love you!
@kardashodomwest xoxo 
so jet lagged! up playing solitaire!
@kardashupdates thank you for all of the love and support
high contrast
are u following me on shopyourway??
my fav glam rt @makeupbymario: #tbt  bronzed beauty @kimkardashian in miami
happy early birthday @rachel_roy! what a beautiful way to celebrate! support @charitywater by clicking this link:
@laura_licious01 that's so so sweet! thank you!
@ellise0812 agreed its ridiculous!
back in paris....italy was so relaxing!
@naomiurenac happy birthday!
what would i do without my boyfriend?!? i literally could never get my boots off without him! bootie call? l
au revoir !
let it be...
yes we do! rt @ultimatekimk: best friends act alike! lol @jonathancheban @kimkardashian
@wannabelikekim very pretty!!!! so happy to put a face with a name!
this pap fell asleep on the job missed my whole miami beach photo shoot!!! #luckyme #unluckyhim
lazy night at @larsapippen house with @lorenridinger @carladibello
apple pie carmel apple from the rockie mountain chocolate factory. oldie but gooooooodie!!!!
@pamelita1707 awww thanks so much!!!
@she_want_thedev happy new year!
girl time @carladibello
fun braided look for 2013!
i'm going to be in calgary, canada tonight at @cowboyscalgary for the 17th annual iced festival. #yyc
@taylorjaayne1 thank you!
@moniquelegrange thank you so much! xoxoox
girls night out with ashkassan bunnyzwr @simoneharouche
reading about the terrible tragedy in abidjan. so sad! im heading there in a few weeks my prayers are with you all! #drameplateau
i made a new friend in miami...
last night fun with my bestie @brittgastineau
what's everyone doing for new years eve? hope you all are having the best time and are safe!!! xoxo
@illest_italian omg i'm so sorry you have the same one! its not that bad....right? lol
heaven
i love you! rt @adoringkimk: @kimkardashian my wish is for you, my idol to notice me someday! i'll support you until my heart stops beating
sky
atlantic city!!!!!!
@shannonzilioli soooo cute!!!
throwback thursday 2012 roundup!
thanks 4 making this! rt @kardashiannavy: kim's public appearances this year: part 2
rt @emtraterestrial: dorothy perkins malaysia has kardshian kollection! @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash @khloekardashian
new year's eve eyes!
the other kind of present...
@lovingkhloeko merry christmas!!!
lol always matching! rt @krazykardashbr: i just found this christmas photo. how cute are you on these outfits?
nothing says 'christmas eve' like sisters in matching christmas tree dresses!
wow very cool! rt @alexmactweet: @kimkardashian i drew this for you, hope you like it
have the best xmas! rt @katedogg21: just what i wanted for christmas! @kourtneykardash @kimkardashian @khloekardashian
@sharlotbrandt love you too!
my #9 best moment of 2012!!
@georgieskxo have fun! go inside!
wow thank you so much! rt @u_cleibeer: i made a christmas present for @kimkardashian i hope u like it. i love u so much
last chance to win this amazing bedazzled @drinkmidori surfboard signed by yours truly! ;)
its the shortest day of the year, get your gifts while you still can like
my true reflection fragrance @lordandtaylor
soooooo is 12-21 mayan april fools day???? #sohappytheworlddidn'tendtoday
christmas is just around the corner. tanning lotion makes a great gift!
this was such a shock to us!!
kendall, kylie and grandma mj in matching pjs!
festive eye makeup!
love this old pic of @kendalljenner and @kyliejenner at christmas! they are the absolute cutest!
matching leather jackets and motorbikes
be you and do your own thing...
my look from this weekend! love this gorgeous balenciaga dress!
nyc during christmas time!!!! finally it feels like the holidays!!!
rt @unclerush: dear @barackobama, re-instate the assault weapons ban now!
rt @jlo: im raising $ 4 sandy victims @kimkardashian fans are helping 4 the chance to meet me. rt and support my efforts?
talking to my sisters now about the shooting yesterday. just how is it that a mentally troubled teen can have access to a gun! #guncontrol!!
i'd luv to come to colombia rt @kimkfan: i love my barbie @kimkardashian come here to colombia!! #welovekimk  #colombia
silent night
so annoying! my dm's aren't working! so anyone trying to dm me. i can't receive or send anything!
so cute! rt @kkdollsforever: kiki and masey   how adorable?!  #happybirthdaymason  @kimkardashian #myedit
happy birthday mason!!
like my snow white costume?
sometimes the person you fall for isn't ready to catch you.
#insecuremuch?
cheese rt @wannabelikekim: hahaha i lovee this smilee! :d @kimkardashian
such an emosh teen rt @kyliejenner: shes a little scared to get close to anyone because everyone that said "ill always be here for you" left
watching the 12.12.12 concert for sandy relief! can't wait to see my baby perform @kanyewest! to donate call 855-465-help
i just love love love bette midler!!! beaches is on of my favorite movies of all time!!!
@kimkardashian6 well happy birthday!
want to feel confident and gorgeous for a glamorous night out?
get my latest fragrance glam @perfumania
@smr0217 well its not that bad its 89 pounds! so like $200
are u gonna live that long to see it? i said last time we will see a triple date rt @charles_lee2398: ...
night workout
thank you @sobetan for the spray tan today!!! i needed it!
xo rt @noellenk1: the lovely miss kimkardashian and @kourtneykardash supporting their bro @robkardashian  #arthurgeorge
who's at nieman marcus in bal harbour for @robkardashian's arthur george sock launch??? thinking about surprising him now w @kourtneykardash
don't die please! rt @kyliejennerj: @kimkardashian i would legit die if u noticed me and my sister @ilovekhloeko ! we love you!!! 11
last few hours to enter my #arthurgeorgegiveaway!
finished an intense 2 hour tracy anderson method workout with michelle and @kourtneykardash! get it gurrrrls!
just like the movies...that's how it should be
@cirocjay awwwww 
rest in peace my little mercy
i love my gold iphone 5 by
lol rt @scottdisick: i want to wish u a merry xmas 
woo!! @khloekardashian's doing a twitter chat w @celebuzz next week! tweet your questions w hashtag #khloetwitterchat
#tbt i miss my @makeupbymario
is this show still on the air? i haven't seen a 2nd episode
thank you rushka bergman for this amazing spread in the current italian vogue!!!
temptation
@im_ence merry christmas
still haven't changed from my workout #lazyday
@ilovekhloeko @kweenkourtneyk @kyliejennerj hey guys! thanks so much for everything! xoxo
@kiera_eldredx you too!!! have. agreat day today!
highs and lows!
how can i not love a tumblr blog with a name like this!? lol
retail therapy
#celine #rolex #louisvuitton
@iheartkimnet yes i did :)
what are you getting that special someone on your list? give the gift
of glam available @perfumania
rt @ihatequotes: why wait for 11:11, if god can listen to you 24/7. #ihq
@1lovetoronto i see you ;-)
look what i saw at the airport #kardashiankonfidential
i'm so sad i didn't get to see you  @noufalmoajil and your cousins @nouratamimi and @deemahaleissa!!! we all have to catch up soon!
ever hear a song that is exactly the way you feel?!? every word seems like its being said to you! love when that happens ;-) #totallyasign
still a couple of days to bid on my ebay auctions!
such a fun day in bahrain!!!
best spa! thanks @crownplazakwt for everything!!!
yay thanks! rt @nat_follows_bac: @kimkardashian i just bought all of these khroma products #makeup  #luv #khromabeauty
xo! t @amandaldrake: way too excited to try @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash @khloekardashian new #khromabeauty line! 
loving kuwaiti designers! thank you laila m. hanbali for these vintage pieces!
just stopped by dorothy perkins in kuwait at the avenues mall to check out our kardashian kollection!
i miss australia!!!!
kuwaiti refreshments
love you too! rt @kardashiannavy: rt @kimkourtkhloek: @kimkardashian i know you won't see this but i love you so much &lt;3
@dianarosasantos awww so sweet!!!
the perfect stocking stuffers!!
love these gorgeous dresses for the holidays!
sad but true. rt @leannrimes: are some people in life really that unhappy?
missoni hat and lots of other amazing items in my ebay store!
preach rt @thaliviviocho: do it with a passion or dont do it at all- @kimkardashian
finally!! #kardashiankollection eyewear is available online @searsoptical! grab your sunnies and specs at
woke up this morning and had to show @thescottycunha @robscheppy and @kourtneykardash extreme cougar wives! we are watching online now. omg!
me too!!! omg rt @ilovetrvsbrkr: @kimkardashian omg can't even believe my eyes!
so proud of @kendalljenner!!!! cover of miss vogue
ok let's try that again! lol
someone's sleepy!!! #funfamilytime
rt @sheerazhasan: video message from @kimkardashian inviting you to millions of milkshakes in kuwait @the_avenues ...
oops just realized simon's instagram is @simon_huck but his twitter is @simonhuck. follow him for a good laugh!
calling into the armenian telethon with @khloekardashian and @robkardashian!!!! everyone please lend your support! 800 888 8897
garlic noodles #crustacean
 love these 2 @krisjenner and bruce
xfactor were in the building!!!! @kyliejenner @kendalljenner
kourtney and kim take miami!!!
exactly dashuniverse!!!!! love you kimklover!!!!! i love all of our dash dolls so much!!!!
2 things...
awww *tears* you look so beautiful! rt @kyliejenner: i don't miss you  i miss the old you
side part kinda mood today
she will love it!!! good bf rt @mattstewart7: @kimkardashian i just ordered this for my gf.
@giilianmadders i hope they get well soon!
rise and grind! workout time!!!
kardashian kollection
friend til the end @lala love you so much!
london look #kardashiankollection #dorothyperkins
today's look #allblackeverything  #muglerbag #shortshorts #lanvintop #tomfordbooties
i love your tumblr rt @dashuniverse: @kimkardashian it would mean the world if you saw my tumblr! i love you!&lt;3
@kimberlyk411 i love you too!
just finished a 2 hour tracy anderson workout! its my 7th day in a row! so intense but i'm loving it!
@lovekhlokardash thanks for your letter! we all read it in the car on the way home! too too sweet!
just left the marine corps ball. thanks to all of the marines i had the opportunity to meet tonight ! thank you for all that you do!
yay!!! xoxoxo rt @manesha1: first purchases from kardashian kollection   love your clothes! x
memories! rt @krisjenner: family skiing trip to vail! how cute are the girls in their ski suits!?
west coast, time to tune into #xfactor! makes me miss @khloekardashian!!
haider ackerman dress
did @khloekardashian just call me and kourt diva's???!!! lol
hey dolls! watch @toryjohnson's secret deals and steals on @gma tomorrow 7-9am for exclusive offers for big savings on my belle noel line!
stop trying to photobomb @jonathancheban
full on glam in stephane rolland dress and @khroma_beauty makeup!
dinner with @larsapippen #miaminights
london looks!
gangnam style
getting ready to walk out on stage to present the award for best song!
watching "beauty and the beast" while glamming up for the awards! this is probably my favorite disney movie, along with aladdin!
sweet dreams germany!!! my time zone is so off!
wow!!! can't wait to meet u! rt @iwannaminajxo: @khloekardashian @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash look at this madness
blonde hair behind the scenes
we're taking over #dorothyperkins
@mcoste75 no paris the trip :-( but soon i promise!
lash fun... perfect for a more dramatic look! #khromabeauty
kardashian kollection models at our launch party!
wow!!!
wow thank you! enjoy! rt @alicepb1: @kimkardashian bought my first top from the kardashian range in dorothy perkins! #greatpurchase
so excited kardashian kollection is launching at dorthey perkins today in singapore and malaysia!!! and in isreal later this month!!!
east coast tune in to fox now to watch @khloekardashian on the x factor!!
come! rt @lulu23alc: considering going to #westfield on saturday to see @kourtneykardash @khloekardashian @kimkardashian
wow the @dorothy_perkins store in london looks incredible!!!
taking off to london now! can't wait to land and see who the new president of the united states will be!!! so anxious!
yes i did!!!! rt @kimkardashiaann: @kimkardashian did you vote?
happy birthday @brittgastineau i love you sooooo much!!!!
dreams don't work unless...
sending in my absentee ballot now!!! make sure you vote!!!!
happy birthday mommy @krisjenner!!!
rt @godposts: let god turn your pain into a gain, and your mess into your message.
awe such an old school pic! kendall is so tiny! can't believe she's 17!
bongo shoot back in 2007
bang bang 
just got all of our khroma beauty products!!! glam time!!!
good morning! early morning workout!
our kardashian kollection intimates line is coming to australia
@kimkcrazy it moved to the end of november! i'm starting to pack already!!!
so excited @khromabeauty is officially launching this month! #khromabeauty @khroma_beauty @khloekardashian @kourtneykardash
what's everyone dressing up as tonight? happy halloween!
wooowhooo! its gonna be fun! rt @nikkiwanderlust: and tonight we are at @livmiami for @kimkardashian 's party .
halloween flashback from 1982!
call me maybe?!?
awwww love this so much! rt @kimkourtkhloek: @kimkardashian would mean the world if you saw my tumblr
;-) rt @whadupapurva: i wish @kimkardashian would retweet this! :d
@dopecam98 not that hard ;-)
so excited for this!
wow! rt @deboracamelo: kardashian kollection in oxford street @kourtneykardash @kimkardashian @khloekardashian
so cute right! rt @candiceparsons: seriously loling watching dishing out  @khloekardashian @kimkardashian
ewwww @reallamarodom and @khloekardashian you have taken it way too far!!! #tmi
east coast in 15 mins is our fun kardashian special called dishing it out! tune into e! all of our footage that was too crazy to air!
kinda loving this blonde wig!  should i dye it for real?
happy birthday bruce!!!! i love you sooo much!!!
halloween nights!
sneak peak
@rachel_roy  u way more
what up nyc! can't wait to see all my girls!!! @lala @larsapippen @lorenridinger @carladibello @joycebonelli @rachel_roy
@albiarsav of course you are!!!
@itssaulmartinez hahaha don't be jealous ;-)
@kardashian411 yes! haha what happened?
@nena_marien thank you! so sweet! xoxo
i do love you! rt @rachelkellyy: @aoifesheridann one day @kimkardashian will reply, and realise she loves me too #youwaitandsee
matching of course! rt @krisjenner @kimkardashian and @kourtneykardash all dressed up on halloween when they were kids!
halloween costume flashback!
mason walks in to the room with a different costume every day! today he's an astronaut. i just can't take it! he's too cute!!!
such a romantic weekend!
loving these behind the scenes pics from our kardashian kollection for @dorothy_perkins shoot!
best birthday ever!
just got back in town and wanted to thank you all for the amazing birthday wishes! they all made me smile! i can't thank you enough!
wow this is so special!!! thank u rt @ultimatekimk: check out our birthday page made for @kimkardashian!
love u mom rt @krisjenner: happy birthday @kimkardashian you are beautiful insideand out i love you very much.mommy xo
thx 4 calling me w mason singing! rt @kourtneykardash: happy birthday @kimkardashian 
luv u so much! rt @lala: sending love and happy birthday wishes to kimmie @kimkardashian hope u are enjoying ur ...
@johndymarsh no you don't pay to enter. only if you get selected.
i'd say 80% not literally everybody "@chelseavperetti: aziz is saying everyone likes garlic. is that true y/n @azizansari
watch this if you are bored. rt @teamcoco  @azizansari is thankful racist people are dying off:
to celebrate halloween, i dropped in at the comedy cellar as thomas the tank engine last night:
@angievalderrama @givemedap givemedap!!!! you guys still together??? yes!! there is hope in the world.
just come to the theatre. "@j_lynne_o: @azizansari how do i get these? i live a block away!"
black dudes are blown away by magic tricks. here's another preview from my new standup special:
i'm the only person in america faced with the dilemma of "should i see 12 years a slave or escape plan..."
@anaatobar  thanks for participating in the show. had one more question about 'candleguy' if you don't mind. follow me and i'll dm!
@jmaydet @iamdiddy hahah thank you for reminding of this!!!
been spending way too much time day dreaming about what it'd be like to eat at freddy's ribs from house of cards...
more later!
#azizbreakingbadtheory: todd gets swayed by coach taylor and riggins but grandma saracen is revealed to be uncle jack's boss.
toronto: my 2 shows for jfl42 are tomorrow at the sony centre. it's a brand new hour - not buried alive.
alright lets do this guys! 15 million followers by 845pm. lets do it!!!!
whaaaattt??!? bljrvagababsaksuwszwhavwhr$3)3$ #breakingbadreview
time for my annual "bite of a sausage egg and cheese mcgriddle."
my new standup special is called buried alive. i'm releasing it directly on @netflix on nov 1st. hope you like it.
also @shondarhimes, i've decided that harrison and tom were college roommates and scandal is in the same universe as parks. cool?
cho asked me to rt this. enjoy... rt @davidcho beets by dre.
really hoping elysium kicks off a trend of indian dudes being the president in movies...
so far, so good.  rt @jacobytanner sounds good, craig david me how it goes
@camera_shyy happy birthday hope the sniffies go away boo boo
no clue! just got a text night before "yo sampled you on my new album." rt @danielatkinso23 how did you end up being in "all me" with drake?
damn, i just got real hungry. think i'm gonna go get a burrito. thanks everyone for your questions.
@maxfrulez i'm at home bout to drink tea and watch the 90s xmen cartoon on my computer :(
very excited to announce i'll be taking over the role of chong li in the new bloodsport reboot!!!
stockholm: there will be a few tickets for tonight's show to buy at the door. sdra sllskapet. 8pm. come!
@vondalif i decided to do this three days ago...
@cecilialarsson yes cecilia i do!!!
also i'd like to believe that tom haverford and harrison were college roommates. hence their similar sense of style. (cc @shondarhimes)
.@s_c_ for real, what's your favorite pasta you've had in 2013?
i feel like tommy and harrison would be buds.
does anyone that's seen my new hour i'm working on have any ideas for a title for the new tour/show?
i support last minute shows! rt @hannibalburess chicago:  i'm doing another set tonight at beat kitchen. 11pm show. $5. 2100 w. belmont
we eventually settled on scandal. "one of my friends said its breathtaking" - @dargandhi123
just heard my dad drop this gem: "look you can't have the cup and the cake." huh?!
montreal: added a second show at 10pm tonight at comedyworks. all tickets available now at the door. $10.
montreal: we held a few tickets at the door for 10pm show tonight at comedy works. $10. new material.
oh shit. thanks!! rt @britishgq so we asked jason statham about possibly starring in a film with @azizansari
"ansari, what are you doing?!" "nothing sir." (quickly minimizes window that has ja rule's yahoo mail account) #azizworksatthensa
nyc: working out new material tonight at 8pm. $10. tickets here:
toronto: i'm headlining just for laughs aka @jfl42 in sept. new material (not buried alive). more info at
london: i'm here! still a few tickets left for my show tomorrow at hammersmith apollo. get em here:
hold up. @tyrese, is it true you have an in at gibsihana? heard its the dopest spot in town, but a real tough res. probably not doable...
nyc: last night's impromptu show worked out well, trying it again tonight at 11pm. tickets here:
nyc: also lottery thing worked. i felt bad that only people who clicked in 2 seconds were getting tickets. will do more here and other cities.
nyc: working on new jokes tuesday at 7pm. go here to get tickets:
@adam1212hicks a lonely grandpa!
@andykindler @laughspincom @subculture_nyc kindler!!!!!!
@rachelsamara @subculture_nyc there will be more soon! don't worry
if you're in nyc, check back here at 5pm...
i'm aware these before midnight/fast 6 joke are for an extremely limited audience.
i'm on late night with jimmy fallon tonight. that's all. bye.
sure its been tweeted a bunch today, but saul bass title sequence to vertigo is too dope:
@david_d_garcia not sure yet. looking like no.
@downsy51 i did do kc!!! sorry my twitter stinks.
@mcarthurneil i did brisbane, melbourne, and sydney. where were you
happy birthday to my dad!
@bobpea i'm editing it now!! now sure release but it looks awesome. if you came to the taping, thanks so much.
@medicamota that link i tweeted has that information
shit, sorry. parks season finale is tonight at 930/830c. i got the time wrong. i stink at twitter.
first, the nba has a 14 year old player with calvin cambridge and now jason collins.  amazing. #inspired
wow. @toddbarry requesting a second pee stop on the 3 hour drive from ny to boston.
"i want something tasty but not too heavy." "how about some hummus?" "ooooh! good call. thanks." #1800whatshouldieat
if you aren't watching the surprise coachella mainstage performance, holy shit, check it out now:
stone roses? blur? i'm bout to get my 42 on sahn!!! #42chella
@thisistheduke at that comedy club, yes, i was using those shows to work on the material for buried alive. no material from specials thoguh
@comedycentral i don't think i ever said this? source?
parks is new tonight! watch it at 830/730c. no clue if franklin and bash is new or repeat.
"this is the end" red band trailer:
really bummed "pathetic little fat man" didn't make it on the new bowie album
@kristasmith they really wanted me to be a professional breakdancer. i let them down big time.
@kristasmith @laughatjuggalos my dad. jk spiderman.
@kristasmith @hipstaspitjake any time he has to eat a ton of bacon. always fun.
@skinnygirlfiles but i do a "ok take photos now and put cameras away" part before i start!
the most handsome, picture perfect smile ever captured of a man on a jetpack, courtesy of @roblowe:
hey! i play mub in the new animated movie epic. watch the trailer here:
philly: just added a 2nd buried alive show. if you missed the show last year, we're filming this for a special. come:
@fakenategross agreed! i never use those shots, find them weird as well.
philly: if you missed my buried alive shows last year, i'm comin back 4/10 and filming it for a special. tix here:
feeling good about my chances to be new pope. my agents said i should hear something today...
do you any of you guys cook? i made this today, was dope. shoutout to monkfish:
vivian girls - girl don't tell me (beach boys cover):
@zsho24 @anthonyjeselnik @amyschumer we can only hope it's as amazing as the beautiful, inspired work you've surely created in your life.
@dargandhi123 examples?
what about that badonkadonk dough @thelonelyisland: jorm is back on girls tonight! #boothjonathan #
@kkdreger @jesseellyn oh shit! ok well. i have new stuff to tour later this year. need to finish buried alive tour first though.
@djkenpachi yeah go on
@jayleemaruk oh yes yes, i'll be there, it's like a panel though, not standup, that's why i got confused.
so true @wintercheck: lol at retaining nelly lyrics in lieu of basic math and geography etc
yes!!! @joemande: please sign my white house petition to make february 11th national 'hitch' day:
chris pratt!!!! congrats to @prattprattpratt on guardians of the galaxy. seriously, dude is the funniest and sweetest man on earth.
@southcackneez: dudes on the 49ers must be wilding about the delay like "gotdamn can we just lose all ready!?"
@mindykaling beyonce doesn't get nervous, she prepares til her feet bleed and then crushes shit.
"tyrese fires a bazooka, while vin diesel drives through a bulldozer, michelle rodriguez goes 'you believe in ghosts?'" #fast6writersroom
trivia: ray mcdonald once got into a fight at astro freeze with tinker over a spilt milkshake. #fnlsuperbowl
just in: landry clarke spotted in new orleans! unclear if due to a crucifictorious show or another blockbuster trade. #fnlsuperbowl
@mjfishman dude. thanks for reminding me of those. it's on!!!
just grabbed the new smiths album off the illuminati ftp. so psyched they are headlining illumanitchella with nirvana and hendrix.
the specials - friday night, saturday morning:
@iamrashidajones yo for real, i've thought about how handy one would be. lemme borrow dat boo
.@bryansinger is there any kind of new indian dude/mutant i can play in x-men: days of future past?
@keithtellsjokes check ya dms
doing a few secret shows at small clubs to work on new material. follow my facebook fan page to find out about em:
standup update: working on putting together spring buried alive tour dates now. will try to hit cities i missed in 2012. any suggestions?
shoutout to the dude who created those gummy bears that are multivitamins. you are a national hero sir.
i snack on vermont cheddar and crackers a lot and i just want to say adding quince jam into the mix has changed the game.
#truffleseason #tuxedosfornoreason
amazing. @bjones826: @azizansari your boy is similar to cougar town?
parks and recreation is back tonight at 830 on nbc. still no word on empty nest...
watch kroll show tonight on comedy central at 1030! he's one of my closest jewish friends and a hilarious man.
i'm presenting at the golden globes tonight. the lovely and hilarious amy poehler and tina fey are hosting. you should watch!
rt @wallacemcknight not gonna lie i was skeptical, never should have doubted you! millions in the ceiling millions millions in the ceiling!
if your job title is "handwriting expert," you gotta have some other hustle on the side right? that can't be your fulltime gig right?
read this: i interviewed myself for bullett magazine. we took cool photos too:
quick question - what if instead of doing work, i research everything i can about the lil twist-justin bieber controversy? #improductive
@m0mmyloves_ari awwww! how is she? you guys were sweet too. she was so adorable, and i don't say dat about just any ol baby
@jc9611 band of outsiders. thanks!
@mindykaling @kentremendous @djgoor is that true????
you are my hero rolowe @roblowe: duet with kenny loggins tonight to end 2012. song? danger zone. target: destroyed. like ear drums.
shit. @jwoliner: update: apparently the psy i booked is "sy abrams", old guy w/a bunch of decrepit puppets, wont leave til i pay him
@davidcho dude is onpoint bout "hyper girls"
@amtendler take that fool out
there needs to be a new yelp feature to help accurately assess ethnic restaurants - "remove white ppl reviews."
@kentremendous he also knew his entire bio. ("enough. i am takagi.") strange. but this is pre internet, etc.
go see this is 40 this weekend! i am going to, so if you want to kidnap me, you know where i'll be.
me too@davidcho: i'm on da cookies. rt @2chainz: anyway im on da cookies!!! remember dat before people start sayn it allll the time hahaa
@harrisrules13: hate it when facebook tv fan pages post spoilers like it's nothing #havesomedecency
warning: extremely niche tweet: moved around so much that i think my greg daniel's lemon cake may not make it to me this xmas :(
@chelseavperetti oh brudder! (imagine it said quickly with a slightly higher/warmer tone) #ohbrudder2point0 (cc: @davidcho, @southcackneezy)
.@mattwilhoit won a charity auction for me to ghostwrite his twitter account for 15 mins.  i'm starting in 2 minutes.
@joemande: ok. rt @tylerperry: my friend cheryl just bought a live christmas tree. she found a snake in it.  be careful.
.@apple - when you do shift-command-4 for screengrabs - just make it a jpg not a png. png is a ratchet file format
fyi tommy has a 5, aziz still got a 4. @ryangallasch: i really appreciate that @azizansari has an iphone 5 in the newest parks episode.
any1 at ohare can get me and @mshawvs tortas from tortas frontera? running late for flight. will reimburse, give free tix for next chi show
new parks and rec tonight at 930/830c on bet. jk the show is on nbc. plz watch.
get x-mas gifts that help fight poverty and hunger with @oxfamamerica at
@andyinglis i'm working on it!! promise.
yep, still up, now i'm reading this:
@matt_talarico love it. this original is so cool though. some other band covers it in a much different way, google around for it.
lot of controversy over homeland pairing abu nazir with jean ralphio. i dunno about it:
thought that went through my head "what other foods would it cool for a town to be made of?" god damn it. i have a problem.
very sad to discover briskettown is a restaurant and not a secret brooklyn neighborhood made of brisket that i didn't know about
amazing. @hannibalburess: i've never seen a dress code that said "no jordan's". you can wear the lebrons though.
@chelseavperetti @loverrlylucy fit all the relevant info in a tweet #challenge
we hate hurricanes benefit: me/jon hamm/will ferrell/@sarahksilverman/beck. presale 10am tomorrow:
i love that i randomly wanted to hear this, and was able to hear it within 2 seconds:
is diddy in fast 6??! rt @iamdiddy good dinner with good friends. shout out to @tyrese and vin diesel!
@sofifii @joemande joe is correct. its a stack of bills who's sum is $1000. held together with a band, hence the "bandz a make her dance."
@curiousliz i made them for thanksgiving. really easy recipe. google it!
tragic stuff here fam @jwoliner: an official apology for what happened yesterday re: @jeshirt. please read/rt.
hbo-aziz "you'll be saying 'toot-a-loo!'
to all your other channels." (still from mrs. doubtfire)
tremendously positive feedback on my movie channel. hbo hit me up. lemme program hbo-aziz and obliterate ratings records!!!!
back to the future, speed, hitch, jingle all the way, and mighty ducks 2 to also be on my movie channel. thanks for feedback.
@spank_williams @dargandhi123 @southcackneez @harrisrules13 yeah 200 points, trade 1 card
oh damn. we at it again. turkey torissi style. #cooksohardmothafuckaswannadinewithme #thatshittasty #thatshittas
.@southcackneez and i cooking torrisi turkey, zingermans mac, fij's lamb chops and more. #werunthanksgiving #stepoffmomswegotthis
yeah i'm flying home on the busiest travel day of the year. think i give a damn sahn?! expert travelers like me live for this shit.
@joemande social network and hitch
@iamkatygoodman season 3. so good.
@amtendler come on, you know ware da good ones are
@juddapatow one of them was maybe my favorite show ever but i don't want to say which and hurt the other ones feelings. both were real fun
you gonna get rt'd and blocked at the same damn time @jessicatimpe: same damn time is the same damn kind of crap music #noapologies
oh brudder "rt @chelseavperetti: i'm not tired at all at all at all at alllllllllllll
@jcam1993 is the rare soul song by rotation? not the al green or j lo song?
east coast: if you want to see tom and jean ralphio go ham on parks, i would change the channel to nbc in bout 3 minutes.
at the same damn time! at the same damn time! #guesswhatsongimlisteningto
@babsietweets i am only there for the weekend in nyc but am doing benefit shows soon
couldn't be more excited to do standup in nyc this weekend. apollo theatre on friday. carnegie hall on saturday. see ya soon.
epic. @chelseavperetti has joined @hannibalburess and i on #teamwindowseat. enjoy your rest with no disruptions boo boo.
@realedr #teamwindowdontfuckwitsouthwestakabozoairlines
oh shit!! @prestonjolson: @chelseavperetti @azizansari @moshekasher @joemande  yeah, but heres you #teamwindow
@chelseavperetti oh brudder
@davidcho @joemande @chelseavperetti #preach
@kylekinane at least it ain't called dr grin's
yep!!! amongst other jams. @dothedhu: just imagining the party @azizansari is having right now, blasting pop that
karl rove bout to give a suge knight style beat down to the dude who was supposed to rig the machines.
last one for a bit. @christianverwys: @azizansari @rkelly my minds telling me no, but my body, my body's telling me vooottteee
whoa. good one. rt @swagyrocwilson: fill a circle on the ballot, that's a vote cast. (cc @bigsean)
well done. rt @babystatesman: get a booth full of ballots and you voooooote in it (cc @kendricklamar)
rt @ephemeralbright: @azizansari all i want for my birthday is a big voting ho.
unreal!!! "carrie, i want you to meet jack bauer and tony almeida. they're going to help you capture abu nazir." #fakehomelandspoiler
dude is the best. watch @chrisrock's message for white voters. 
@akbeelay well done sir.
@trendthedj that's april 2012. those are old shows.
step in the name of love! #chocolatefactory #leggo #kellzinla
@jrsterne @chelseavperetti all caps for life
in the first interview, the dad has a silhouetted lighting going (so his face is obscured)...
!! @harrisrules13: wondering if its coincidence both @taylorswift13 and i have a 13 in our usernames or if it's something much bigger
the italian word for you on halloween is "grumpaccino" rt @chelseavperetti: the italian word for halloween is "garbaggio"
@hannibalburess @kevinbozeman i'm already into this bit
@gmcastillo1 @avclub watching now
@stoppableforce click the link i tweeted my man
loved this show as a kid. @theavclub: robert stack and the irresistible creepiness of #unsolvedmysteries.
rt if you are a series regular or have been an under 5 on glee
"i hate halloween" - grumps of the world
"you merely adopted the flannel. i was born it." #kurtcobane
@mylifeasliz_liz @chelseavperetti @ericwareheim oh. shit.
@davidcho: shoutout to newest parks star @joemande aka morris aka the hottest thing in the game #imtalkingtoyou #lol
it'll happen. promise. @fothrizzle: @azizansari when's yo' uk tour?
yes @southcackneez: dont cross alex cross. unless you were crossing it off the list of moves you watched and loved. #tylerperryisalexcross
west coast: i'm on conan shortly on tbs. i was there during the taping so i'm watching something else.
"what are you guys going to be for halloween?" #betterdebatequestions
no one wants tweets on the screen abc, leave that shit off. #unlessyouwannapostthisone
@gregabramowitz i won't spoil anything don't worry
@matt_zb loved it!!!!
agreed @hannibalburess: genuinely appreciate this random fact. @thegloryofman: master p's daughter is named cymphonique.
i think @chelseavperetti's soul mate is actor morris chestnutt. i base this on the fact that her married name would be chelsea chestnutt.
@bradjcollin no
hitch trivia: hitch has won more oscars than titanic, the godfather, and citizen kane combined.
oof true. @southcackneez: really glad i haven't had to attend a wedding in the post-gangam style era
@amtendler @danlevy @davidcho @chelseavperetti @joemande you gonna go back to halloween horror this year to search for your chain wallet?
@amtendler @mulaney did you guys finish shallow hal?
tommy would make his lapels have stars and stripes @seancmorrison: @azizansari what's tom haverford's take on american flag lapel pins?
new parks and rec tonight at 930 on nbc. tom and ron go to ron's cabin. leslie and co teach seniors sex ed's. its a good one.
"i 'remixed' my views to make it more appealing to the extremes of my party."
"do you think the 
texting scene' in season 2 episode 2 of homeland was too unrealistic?" #bettertownhallquestions
"oh he said his pension is not as big. that makes sense i guess?" - dumb undecided voter
i hate everyone in the town hall so much. they are the dumbest people in the country why are they getting to ask shit
seeing that end of watch movie. #thingsyoucanbeundecidedon
shoutout to the 1 minority in the townhall.
smoked oat maple hokey pokey 4 life @bandofoutsiders: @azizansari best cookies crafted by tosi @momomilkbar.
last night myself, @davidcho, and @southcackneez made our own momofuku bo ssam dinner. it was tasty:
"he said he has 'jet lag'! hahahahah!" #laughsihavewithotherexperttravelers
sydney: doing two shows at the sydney opera house tonight. still some tickets avail here: 
if she's all hyped for that new show arrow #signssheratchet
@wintercheck it dirty
homeland. wow.
where should we eat in melbourne??
@chrisalmeida100 sydney opera house. tickets are at
17 hour flight? hmmm, just took a nap and ate some breakfast, but i guess i just landed in australia. #experttraveler #17hourflightaintnothing
i know. this was a test. let's go into business together. @paulscheer: save him for the sequel...he does call himself "franchise viagra"
agreed. diva status. @roblowe: btw, worked again today with dj roomba. not as impressed. very inconsistent and mechanical.
#parksandrec
those asking bout the zingerman's mac and cheese we found a recipe online.
if you note a strong delicious fried chicken smell taking over la tonight, don't worry - just @southcackneez and i fryin up some drummies!
what happened to erotic photo hunt? rarely seem dem megaforce touch games in ny/la. anyone else use to play?
"third runner up in the bad bitch contest is...."
watch this key and peele sketch, so funny:
for those asking, yes i saw looper last night. it's great! found a friend with same schedule who hadnt see it yet. good times @billybush!
not at all fam @keepitfivestar: @azizansari i thought i was the only one who still played i need a girl pt. 2
if you hear lurkin by waka flocka blasting on repeat in my house and the building is vibrating - rest assured errrything is fine! #lurkin
.@steveharvey you seen looper yet? suit shopping after?
do people realize how fun i am to see movies with? great bad trailer jokes, snacks, i pre purch tickets online. full package y'all
fyi once you join illuminati you get an iphone with emojis that express everything. very convenient.
yeah, it was a terrible accident, luckily i got twerkman's compensation. #frenchmontanagettinghurtonthejob
hey apple chips, guess what? you suck.
.@iamrashidajones we goin? @luxorlv: don't miss @ginuwine celebrating his bday @lax_nightclub 10/13! come out and celebrate!
there's a "topless maid service" van parked in studio city and honestly it's a instagram related car accident waiting to happen.
rt @chrishillard new housekeeper lady mrs. doubtfire is all up on my case. #takeiteasy #thisaintbritainb #missdad
sorry bud rt @danielhillard party backfired. miranda wants a divorce. this is horrible. also fired from my animation voicing job today. #smh
seriously what song can you play after "pop that" that keeps shit goin off at that level? need suggestions. come correct.
i'm presenting an emmy tonight. if you see a brown bearded man presenting an award tonight - rest assured - it is me and you're not racist.
when i see the guy making popcorn at the movies, i now walk up and go "don't stop! pop that! don't stop! pop that! pop that!" #montana
red rover! noooooooooo!!! #onlypoolgamelouderthanmarcopolo
yo lil kids how can you be this chatty while swimming, swim witcha head under water lil lochtes
i bet endeavor was supposed to have a bunch more flights but united airlines screwed it up somehow.
@damonlindelof you can always ama damon
new season of parks and rec begins tonight at 9:30 on nbc!! all other channels are showing my brother and me reruns so come on, watch.
i just punched a batman piata out with my bare hands no bat
@tdsmth yo sahn let's get some jenga going and we'll see who's running things #isuckatbowling
"i don't really like 'bands that make her dance'." hey do me a favor, go lock yourself in an empty storage unit and never come out
the mark zuckerburgs of da block
@dk745 @schwarzenegger oh fuck! good idea. that kindergarten cop and t2.
.@schwarzenegger if you rt this, i'll give you a turboman to give to your son, jk those are impossible to find but still rt plz
@zeyadfrkash @schwarzenegger i got you. see how easy it is arnold???!
.@schwarzenegger i love kindergarten cop, please tweet me back
mike from breaking bad (jonathan banks) is gonna be on parks and rec this season:
ummmm highly recommend checking @joemande's twitter timeline right now.
round 2: jennifer lopez, dolphins, elizabeth banks?? die hard 5? nope. what to expect when you're expecting. 2/2. #feelingood
hov is out. just you and blue rt @mindykaling: @azizansari: hey you coming to see the hermes for babies line i designed? #nyfw obvs w/hov
holy shit! juicy j performing "bands that make her dance" at dnc. "all these dems clapping and they ain't using hands!" #dnc
fun podcast guys! @nealbrennan: new champs! w/@azizansari. we discuss snoop, the south, and aziz's love of carpooling:
gotta eat lunch. more on this later. #hitch2
.@danieldaylewis would you be for playing the albert breneman type in a direct to dvd hitch sequel starring me?
.@martinscorsese @christophernolan would you guys be interested in co-directing a direct to dvd hitch sequel starting me and @jadensmith?
.@laurenconrad would you be interested in playing the allegra cole type character in a hitch direct to dvd sequel starring me?
@mkbreton happy birthday! i hope your day is filled with happiness and no dangerous swarms of bees.
let's have a moment of silence for all the chubby asian dudes that are getting 'gangnam style!' yelled at them by bros around the world.
@strobel23 shake shack?????
i'm glad hbo has inception back in rotation, but rather puzzled by stop or my mom will shoot being in the mix.
oh and also by 10/12 i meant october 12th. sorry, i forgot about that whole thing.
@therock what's big boy breakfast????
yes @davisallsop: perd hapley, at the computer currently in front of him, says "hold onto yer butts" #jurassicparksandrecreation
yes @nicolives: @rejectedjokes @azizansari please make a spinoff series titled "jurassic parks and recreation"
is @djkhaled a father? "hey! clean up these toys!! i'm so serious!!!!!"
homeland season 2 trailer:
@sofifii yep. "back to my beyonces" - your favorite part of "that's my bitch" #howdoirememberthat
"extra garlic butter, i got benihana issues!" lines like these send me straight to rapgenius. update on meaning soon. #2chainz
oh damn!! watch this too. lil darker rhymes but i like @dg83cashmoney: @azizansari i'll one up you with lil p-nut: 
@thejgold @substances any good mul naeng myun recs? that's a good cold noodle move as well.
@hannibalburess @beef5669 say ay yi yi yi yi yiiiiiii
i can't stop. watch 1)
@corsillo i don't think you understand the concept of ignorance
ok. do this. play these youtube clips at same time. 1)
@fulline yes. it's still the buried alive tour. same material.
oof. kinda off. rt @jwoliner whoa first official image of @danielday-lewis in steven spielbergs lincoln
@chelseavperetti @tonibraxton toni, wanna come watch think like a man with chels and i this week?
@justinbise think i will come back and do the show there again
@schneidypants joseph is the man! sorry you got dumped. good luck with your tailoring.
@bourdain nice. and don't miss that pork belly sammy at cochon butcher. #oneofmytopsammiesof2012 and #topbitesof2012
@rob_babylon @chelseavperetti you ain't been to his food truck???
bye montreal. thanks to @noragraymtl and @joebeef for keeping us well fed.
does anyone know who's djing at eggspectation tonight? #montreal
@davidcho deana and i just discussing this
feel obligated to continue watching robocop 2 on hbo til i figure out why this little kid is one of the main villains.
table mountain. #nichetweetforsfshow3
@jbhinusa tickets valid for the new date. refunds avail at the venue or by contacting customerservice@tickethorse.com or call 303-405-6066
@encerebracao yes tix will work. i'm sorry, just didn't feel appropriate to do a show so soon after what happened. hope you understand.
@arbales @bluebottlemint i know we had a meeting, will come back later!
@respectmahustle yeah in fall/winter prob
fuck. just hear midway through dark knight rises - bane leaks the ending! #atruevillain
why do i instantly remember this @davidcho: "good job captain duck."/"thanks gunner!!!" (cc @rembert)
thanks jc rt @jackiechan really psyched for the interview aziz!
oh shit. i just found out where best friendasaurs are made:
@walkerlucas @chelseavperetti
ok taking off. bye twitterville.
@vijai_krishnan didn't i just address this. working out scheduling. harder to tour once parks filming starts
@cheapreward the shows and also eating food and exploring the cities we go to
fyi all buried alive shows in july will have @chelseavperetti as opener except the borgata.
in ny? wanna see @iceage 4 @w/me and rest of cast on 7/9? email ia4screening@gmail.com w/names of all attendees. drake is a wooly mammoth!
@samantha_wilbur i was there friday
@scottberries opener @chelseavperetti on at 730, i go on after round 8
@djones5454 you can try to buy tickets at venue, might be a few left but not sure
@marcycream they are two different hours of material. no overlap
@jonneighbors sorry i have tell jokes inside the theatre shortly, must prepare. well, this is a quick twitter break then back to prep
@davidlatham6 it'll be in the fall
ok gonna go be productive. to any questions i didn't get to rest assured: your duncan hines is irrelevant
@angryhrguy it's a pusha t line in the song "mercy"
@mosetsfire84 allergic to hazelnut whatchu think man
@1thejuggernaut your duncan hines is irrelevant
me: oh shit there's a squirrel in the road!!! what should i do? @bigsean: swerve. #hypotheticalconvo
fyi dudes running @newtgengrich twitter page, might be time to drop the "newt 2012" background. don't think it happenin.
fuck. at 24% charge and it's 9pm. mad stressed. rt if ya been there.
@poisonous_aaron show aint done fool, we shooting season 5 in august
fuccccck been too long since i listened to tried by 12:
i'm at your door. your eyes are like why are you here. #whatagangstatoothfairywouldsaytoyou
update: he's riding around, he's gettin it. it's his. he spend it.
@styleinsuburbs that's amazing! thank you!!
@wintercheck yuh
hey chef's feed app, how about adding more cities (cc @chelseavperetti) #nichetweet
atl: i'm in town tonight for my buried alive standup tour. @chelseavperetti opens. get tix here for late show:
@davidcho shhhhhh!!!!
miami is clearly losing focus knowing they are missing hitch on tbs.
beware: hitch is black belt equivalent in every fighting method known to man. #okbumpkin
oh shit. allegra cole wants albert's number but he doesn't have a pen! update: hitch just slid one into his pocket!
@momacsaigoren i gotta get ready for 1030 show. sorry bud. hope you enjoyed the show.
@lenkendall please don't yell shit. that's the worst.
@nickkroll bunks sandwiches
joffrey takes control of the library with tammy swanson by his side. #thronesandrecreation
i heard in prometheus, steve harvey pops up on a tv and gives love advice like he does in think like a man.
the always amazing aubrey plaza aka @evilhag is in a movie called safety not guaranteed. go see it this weekend!
@mama_afrika1 we added a late show, both sold out?
cincinnati: tickets still avail for show this saturday. buy here:
i think it's adorable white kids still enter spelling bees.
@tyzerc @jwoliner huh? his name is carson daly. matt weiner told huff po it was a mistake too
@christhefuur @chelseavperetti little
do you know how feasible your dream is. #uchelsestypefareal
ummmm did the miami heat dj just throw on "machinehead" by bush??
dude no! i don't even work there. rt @poot yo aziz, can you cover my shift at foot locker.
@eimajination hold up bozo, if i said 'he,' musta been when she was hidden in blanket. sorry i woke her up. hope she didn't go bananas!
charlotte, cincinnati, new orleans: tix onsale for buried alive tour. all new material not on dangerously delicious:
my dangerously delicious special airs on comedy central sunday at 10 or buy now for $5 at
here's a new clip from my dangerously delicious standup special. its about wasting time on the internet. watch:
@gqfashion what's the best garment bag in the game? eagle creek pack it system is ok, but still run into wrinkles with my tour suits. #askgq
we all really need to say jabronis more. (cc: @therock) @laurencoleslaw: @azizansari would hate the jabronis behind us
@andyinglis workin on it
@jojofsu uchiko, franklin, and muellers.
also, only because always ask - none of the material on my buried alive tour is from the dangerously delicious special i put out online.
thanks for tokyo trip @gqmagazine. just had lunch w/@davidchang and @lcdsoundsystem. we're thinking spain next? thoughts?
@twat_everything all material on dangerously delicious is retired. bonnaroo is new
@ohhcathcart you can drag it into itunes and then sync
the shorter, bleeped tv version airs 5/20 on comedy central. or get it now (uncensored, unedited, no ads) for $5 at
i was a guest on anderson cooper's show anderson, but decided to send an aziz look a like out instead:
who wore it best?
sly just flew a plane into a bridge. cant conceive how this is good for the expendables. #probswhyimnotanexpendable #exp2trailerlivetweet
oh snap. guess who else is expendable this go round - chuck norris and arnold!! #exp2trailerlivetweet
#montage: cameo followed by crazy explosion, followed by vehicle that is either exploding or en route to exploding. #exp2trailerlivetweet
bored on a flight to madison so think that means its time to live tweet my reaction to the expendables 2 trailer:
in light of the ashton kutcher popchips scandal, i feel obliged to confess that in my amex spots i am also wearing brown face.
photos (
swords! rock climbing! ninjas! this shit is nuts y'allllll!!! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
"i'll take two cases of twin mints and a box of chuckalunks" - bruce willis. don't understand, but i'm in! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
fuck yeah! the rock!!! oh nooo!! channnninnng tatum's character!!!!!!!!!  noooooo! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
@yaheardwithperd cochon
yo twitter, lets all ease up on think like a man spoilers. not everybody able to see it openin wkend
@estelledarlings oh shit! you watching the new one!! thanks boo.
@ch0dabrown thanks for buying it my dude!
@letmeknow247 you can stream or download.
@real_human_dude i'm in ny. douche.
you should go get @jimgaffigan's new standup special #mruniverse for $5 at
twins reboot. me and kevin james. rt if you're in. #twinsreloaded
@walbill yeah all buried alive tour dates are different material from dangerously delicious
@glassminajerie i have another brand new special that i just put out on
@iamkatygoodman this is my nightmare. godspeed.
for those asking, you can only buy my new special from the aziz look a like in nyc or
@_fixe_ just on
if i ever run into the kid that plays that prick joffrey on game of thrones, i'm sorry - i'm beating the shit out of him.
this was very fun: @grantland33 presents "dinner with aziz ansari" by  @danielkellison:
@pablothepenguin @conanobrien tomorrow
i'm gonna be on conan tomorrow. tbs at 11/10c. watch it perhaps? it'll be good.
@dutchpants haha yep!
@1thejuggernaut sorry to hear that. hope this helps bud. youtube jagged edge - where the party at and maybe that'll help?
@kambiztoday already a vancouver date. check the site
@eric_robinson hahah yep. good point.
thanks for all the kind words on the @americanexpress spot. there'll be a new spot on @americanidol tonight too. #membershipeffect
@ajnavarro1 nooo different material
@sparklesequin i was
@jonodle band of outsiders!
i'm gonna be on @jimmyfallon tomorrow night. @barackobama, advising you to tune in mr president.
i'm doing opie and anthony (@opieradio) this morning. listen to it on your satellite radio thing.
@amhouriganmtbc muncie!!! is jerry there?
actually have to go now! thanks for your ?s and support of the standup special. til next time. @deanareys: when is this qanda over? #askaziz
@elamorkaka ok
done and done! sorry didn't see them others @zackflavalowe: @azizansari @wdbg8r aziz tweet at me. i've been hittin you up for a month!!
@largemidget i wish everyone on the internet was as reasonable and polite as you. #realtalk
@wdbg8r whoa! that's scary. just tell him i'll try my best to come to pensacola. hard to tour everywhere with filming commitments.
panera bread co @aliciarae113: @azizansari so where are you taking me for our super romantic date?
didn't i just address this #smh @heydeeoh: @azizansari are you coming to philly????? #askaziz
anush patel @___esh___: @azizansari if you were white what would your name be?
@therock #teambringit @wtfjonathan: @azizansari who is your favorite professional wrestler in history #askaziz
pinkman!!!! @aaronpaul_8: @azizansari how does one become funny? #askaziz
need to see a photo of your mustache first. @lukegxi: @azizansari can you ask @nick_offerman to take me canoeing? #askaziz
i use a beard trimmer rt @therealshaunakg how does your beard stay the same length at all times? it's never shaved, or too long? #askaziz
@liarallday like what bing bong
my cousin darwish aka @dargandhi123 is a junior in college and just tweeted "im scared to tell my parents!"
@mrgenixus i wish everyone on the internet was a reasonable nice person. can i give you $5?
@scottorwick whoa easy guy. my phone crapped out on me randomly. calling back next week.
@halakarim oh shit! email support@azizansari.com, they'll fix.
@cubansuperman what does that mean it won't let you? go to
@yungmoola_baby just go to
@charliesheena @writeli i didn't someone would make a fake account and do something that stupid. ugh. sorry about that.
@yungmoola_baby what happened
@olson_jd i just realized it was fake, just read it and it seemed legit. fucking fake twitter people. ugh.
@kissdla you just helped me cop some fish tacos. thanks!
@robertcberry1 hahaha it took me a while to find that goofy song. glad you appreciated it.
@aamer_nizami email support@azizansari.com
@eatinghalalfood i know, that's why im asking them to help me stop the pirating. i love that your twitter handle is @eatinghalalfood.
@saravanan_sud hahaha thanks!
i admire your compassion but google news that dudes name, you'll see.  @hollifina: @azizansari why u hating on geraldo?
@nintie you can download the new special worldwide on
@chadcleary shit! my phone died. will be back on another time.
@henrysanchize thats old! the new special is only online at
@lucien_997 yeah you can pay with amazon!
@freshwidow6 atl date coming soon. holeman is on my list. trust. (its on the dangerously delicious food list in the bonus pack even)
@chialinghsu better than tacombi?
i'm losing it. i just yelled "what??! that fish taco place is closed??!" #azizrage
@thrilla_milla just drag your file into itunes, it'll work. #ithink #imnottechsupportformysiteeventhoughiamindian
@byyourhand wuh bout sir richard attenborough
whoa. think i'm about to grab lunch with 10 really fast typing indian/asian dudes. #allgoodthough #thanksforthesupport #dangerouslydelicious
@sorrypickleface no. 100% different material.
@izzyzuni @chappelledavidk i know you have the best intentions, but don't do that to comedians!! (yell stuff they've said before)
follow dave chappelle: @chappelledavidk. it's him. trust.
@badgernerd hahah oh no sorry dude, there were just too many! the answer to your question is... carne asada. #assumingyouaskedabouttacos
@jonnanotjonah the stuff in austin will be all new material! dangerously delicious is different stuff.
@rubyenmcc try again, just worked for me.
@35sturgeonxo are you that dude from reddit? ahahaa, nope.
like mike #fakedangerouslydelicioustorrents don't steal, buy it for $5 at
thanks gq! @gqmagazine: we talked to @azizansari about his new comedy special:
doing a reddit ama at 1030pst aka 130est. come ask stuff. it was really fun last time.
@iamkmfa email support@azizansari.com. not doing itunes cause if its direct through me, i can keep the price lower and actually get paid too.
@morococo19 send that to support@azizansari.com and they'll help you asap.
@kristin_hunt go to
@americopolk none of it is the same material! you'll get a completely different show.
@juliajane10 go to
@crowthevok whoa whoa, easy. check ur email and link should be there. email support@azizansari.com if not. not trying to steal your $$.
@blackoutmakeout doing one tomorrow i think
@malcolmtosh no. buried alive is an entirely different set of material.
if i could send everyone who bought my new standup special today tasty carne asada tacos for lunch, i would! thanks! #dangerouslydelicious
@mcmurrayjt tour is all brand new stuff
@ferro94 y'all get a shout out in the liner notes!
@mohairet yeah do a long story about helping him with his college essay. it's insane. he name checks cheddar bay biscuits red lobster.
@ad_lens yes i paid for it myself so direct to me.
yep. available worldwide!
yes totally different material rt @wattznext is the #dangerouslydelicious special different than what you're current buried alive tour?
@dpaintheyunggun are you watching it?? whooooooa!!!!
@boygeniusla la will be in the fall set of dates.
@jasontan seems people were into it, so seemed like the right move.
@jayleemaruk thanks jaylee, is it all working properly? thanks again!
@wince84 holy shit! thanks so much!!!
yep. @mvoltaggio: @azizansari @ericwareheim and capt.woliner thanks for the most prestigious award of my career
that scramble announcer gets me fired up. "awesome!" "amaaazing!!" damn right it is.
new tour dates: atlantic city onsale now. added shows in nyc, sf, and seattle -onsale tomorrow at 10am. go here:
@kirksays walter?
@snoopdogg thanks for saving me from falling down that hole in new orleans!!
what's your best spot to grab a cappuccino in new orleans?
just found out i did not get the part of polar-walrus gorilla #2 in john carter. #wentcgirouteinstead
@djamen3000 we added a show. don't get a scalped ticket. go to
.@grantland33 need a wire character bracket for the ones that didnt make the cut. where's love for zenobia? kenard? albert? baby elijah?
@kristeenahbea i am in nyc and can't be there.
@happygrillmore will do. expect an announcement in the next few days.
best idea!! rt the @grantland33 tournament to determine the wire's greatest character:
@sal_jimenez @tyler_speed tickets were $39. the show sold out. that must be a scalped ticket. we'll add another one don't pay that scalper.
@hdavis419 @katie_c12 we added a third show
@zachgoodalecool we adding more don't worry
go support tim & eric! see their movie!! @ericwareheim: b$m theater list:
the monkees - porpoise song
@sollami24 ugh. i'm so sorry. gonna add shows. don't worry. will try to handle stubhub nonsense.
@sdre12 yep.
@joemande jagged edge - where the party at
@ali_west no password on
@vic_bird no pw just go to
@snapmusiclabel not sure. regular
onsale for beacon friday at 10. still tickets left
@nopantsjake regular onsale friday at 10 same site. sorry presale sold out fast
@webbielala presale tickets are gone but regular onsale begins friday.
@pgpolli regular onsale is friday. more tickets there.
@iamdavidbrandt atl will be added later
@dtwiles88 sorry bud, i'll tweet dumb things about watching like mike on hbo soon, promise, just been swamped with work!
@consigliere12 yes! i had so much fun at last one. will def come back.
@spencerdph ugh scalpers!! don't pay those clowns. i will add shows or come back again soon. i love austin.
@jonahhill did you really meet jason woliner tonight??
shoutout to e720 fam roy hibbert gettin jumped over. #jeanralphioandithereinspirit
this kansas game features the highest concentration of white people in blue t-shirts i have ever seen.
@danlevy i grow up to be a loser!!!!
"i'm not white i look closer to a mexican person!" - just shouted at @twittels in our "writers meeting"
trying to think of a more racist sounding lin headline than "chink in the armor"... can't. kinda cool they used the most racist one.
new paul rudd! (funk flex voice) rt @juddapatow: paul rudd talks dirty
did anyone else wake up this valentine's day & send a mass text to find standup spots? #standupismyonlytruelove
@ptailorpatel next el bulli menu. hot dougs lunch. now listening to waka flocka and heading back to la. i am becoming a parody of myself.
@noreservations hurry tony! before the meatballs are gone!!! catfish sammy at matt's in the market is dope too btw.
just heard back from my agent did not get the part of "little boy that sings the star spangled banner" in the dark knight rises.
that was a great interception but i bet blackburn woulda rather caught one of these tasty donuts.
wow. this has been the most delicious super bowl ever. #cleareyesfulltummiescantlose
holy moly. this game just got really interesting. #foodwise
buddy garrity spotted taking down chicken fingers at the 40 yard line. #fridaynightlightssuperbowlcommentary
i know nothing about football, so i pretend all the players are from friday night lights. "leggo smash williams!! toss it to riggins!!"
does everyone realize 2chainz sounds exactly like @hannibalburess???!!
@kristinececilia tickets onsale still on the livenation link i just tweeted
sorry. miami: tickets. no fees:
@erichoffmaster i dunno just buy my single tickets on 2/23 or google around for info sir
@chethaze what tracks you go with on that list
"ooooh taco bell breakfast menu" (in a hushed whisper) - @jwoliner during our "writers meeting" #woliobeggingmenottotweetthis
#hurtfingies #youllunderstandinafewhourswestcoast
@jlaesch hahaha true!
oh fuck! think i'm allergic to peaches. when i eat one, my throat gets itchy. #thissucks #ilikepeaches #mayjustputupwitdaitchythroat
salt lake city ppl: i'm doing three shows at wiseguys this sunday to work on new jokes. tickets here:
martinelli's apple juice. #wasnotpaidtotweetthat #justdrankamartinellis #itwasdelicious #notsayingimopposedtogettingfreemartinellisthough
the only two people still rocking a chain wallet over the age of 25: @danlevy and johnny depp. #goldenglobes
@stevestoute prestige!!!! it's dope. don't doubt me steve.
subscribe to my new youtube channel! clips from my standup, human giant, parks, & more:
person: that restaurant is delicious, but i'd rather go somewhere closer. me: go alone and eat shitty food. bye #hypotheticalazizconvo
hey can i do something in fast 5/6? how come that indian dude in inception and the dude in mi4 get all those type parts.
every time i see an ad for showtimes house of lies, i like to pretend jean ralphio somehow became an actor. (no offense @rejectedjokes)
@bigcountrybessa soon! shot and edited dangerously delicious special. also wrote material for a new live tour for 2012.
@amtendler what if he took you to a crucifixtarious concert after?
anyone needing a good serial killer outfit for next year's holiday season, contact this santa i met in india:
whew. made it home safe. #wolfattacklivetweetover
oh fuck! dude walking by! just yelled "yo man, there's wolves up there!" he shook his head and kept walking. #noscreamsyet #coastclear?
la people - these wolves or coyotes that come down late at night, do they eat people?? having way too many close calls!!
@jonahhill: "true life: i have a hot mom" is easily my favorite true life. agreed.
@soulimperial @ucbtheatreny its at ucb east not ucb theatre in chelsea...
yes! @bobsburgersfox: . @azizansari & #nickofferman are set to guest-voice in #bobsburgers second season! more info:
a movie i did, @30minutesorless, is now out on blu-ray, dvd, itunes, etc. deleted scenes? outtakes? oh yeah! grab it. rt pls
damn. even hitch can't mess with gosling. #hopealbertbrennemanandallegracolestillgoingstrong
look i be riding through my old  but i'm in my new . same ol attitude but i'm on that new ! - @meekmill #sorrynonemojifam
wow. @chelseavperetti just sent me this photo from her thanksgiving. a must see.
dad just asked me "what's going on with justin bieber? he is in the news a lot." #ansarifamilysmalltalk
@josephfdimatteo you been to benu? heard that's ridic
"album is done pitbull. what we callin it?" "hmm... what about planet pit." "love it!" #convosthatledtopitbullalbumtitles
@andrewmcmahan happy birthday!!! (per @davidcho)
damn. if you ever find yourself in shanghai, please get soup dumplings at jia jia tang bao. #tasteflashbacks #topbitesof2010
@benkrugs i'm a huge torrisi fan. i was taking them meatball parms down at torrisi during testing phase!!!
nyc!!!!! so happy to be back for a bit. blasting meek mill - ima boss while i unpack. #gettingsettledlikeabawse
@noreservations best friends? #lies
@asl09 technically because of taavon
ucla ppl plz go! @iam_lizzyfierce: @azizansari i'm running a bone marrow drive for @superamit at ucla on 11/21:
@kingofcupsmgmt #geekthrowback
would be kind of cool if you could pay robert patrick to dress up like t-1000 and chase you for a few days #watchingt2onhbo
getting an in person recap of all of @chelseavperetti's twitter activity. #greathang #killme
@chelseavperetti yo im waiting to get lunch. tweet ya funnies later plz rt pls
@kylejuliff you should read that twitter feed...
@james_d_allen happy bday #done
cousin harris goin h..a.m at throne msg show! heard they might do new jam called n*ggas n' harris. #sorryforsomanythronetweets #noimnot
"racks on racks on racks! (luggage)" - flight attendant #throneflight #bestflightbacktolaever
capn to angry passengers - "y'all weed purple, my money purple, y'all steve urkel, i'm oprah's circle!" #throneflight #bestflightolaever
flight attendant grabbing hung up coats "is that jacket margiela?" #throneflight #bestflightbacktolaever
we just threw the throne on on the intercom!!! whole cabin is goin gorillas!! whaaaaaaaaaaatttttttt!!!
go to this also! @hannibalburess: i'm taping an hour special for comedy central next month.  go here for free tickets:
"get on tootle st, then make a left onto boo boo lane. my house is on the corner." - directions i would one day like to leave
damn hbo. you were doing good w/inception & coming to america, but now like mike's back in heavy rotation?! #watcheditoncewontlie
@thesussmans highlights??
@jaycizzle "what happened?" "i got hit."
if anyone else is sick & needs something to watch while resting, fyi all the my brother & me eps are on youtube. #goopunch
.@mindykaling's book is out today. i would be stunned if this is not hilarious. check it out:
@tknone1030 happy birthday!!!! #doneanddone
just walked into first spot and a bar band was playing the inspector gadget theme song. not lying. #mainegoinin
@virgilabloh whaaaaaatttttttt??? #thronesharks
@kadmore happy birthday shoutout #done
help @superamit beat leukemia. swab your cheek, possibly save a life. he needs your kit by 11/30. more here:
btw if i have to quit being an actor, i want to have a job where i can say "what do i at the company? oh, i'm in charge of flavors."
@jesuswillttyl so its only ok to joke about races and lifestyles you're not affiliated with. that makes sense.
@jonmraz14 don't know if that's a laughable mistake...
@simontologist john amos rules.
@nycifyouare i'm sorry to hear that, definitely get out there and... treat. yo. self.
if your life feels boring, listen to "mombasa" from inception & it'll seem like big shit is bout to go down:
@treatyoselfday i'm treating myself to a hot fudge sundae as i type this. #treatyoself
i am doing an ama for reddit. you can ask me stuff and i'll answer! go here at 5pm pst:
@husch11 the key is those leopard print stubs and wootens! and make a nice 720 chain too.
@wintercheck hay whos dat
@secretskull i want to go but its so far! looks delicious though.
what's your favorite donut in la? i need an alternative. this place & their delicious green tea donut has let me down too many times. smh.
i live for info like this! rt @davidcho things i learn from my car display... ced the entertainer is a featured on nelly "ride wit me"
parks & rec new tonight at 830 on nbc w/a great ben/tom story. watch! also enjoy a ron swanson illustration:
@younggonzocook happy 16th birthday! #thereyougo
@kingz2309 happy birthday!!!!!
"now, who'll fall asleep first on the flight. oh my god. boarding not even over, ansari has his eyemask on! he's already asleep! game over!"
wish there was a competitive league for expert travelers. just crushed it at lax security. made that older asian couple look slow as shit.
@action_nerd what city you in? la - ricky's. ny - tacombi. dunzo.
scene from drive 2: taco driver starring me. guy brings me cecinas from tacos morelos. forgets crema & limes. boot stomp to the face.
fyi twitterville, the @chelseavperetti/@azizansari drowsy allergy medicine convo about has left twitter & went to email. updates soon.
@psharrz #noticed
rt @n666zy: man i fuck with mozzarella sticks, but the mozzarella cheese stick sandwich at denny's is taking it too far. you crazy dennys!
@abellwillring fake spoiler foooooool!
@marymkeane i'm sure i wasn't rude to your friends. it was probably a different bearded indian man.
wow. gus killed off hector w poisoned fried chicken! "lets just say this recipe redefines the term el pollo loco." #fakebbadspoilers
ball so hard motherfuckers wanna fine me! #talkinboutstreetcleaningparkingtickets
watch parks and rec season 4 tonight at 830 on nbc and meet the new tom haverford aka master of swagamonies. #parksandrec rt pls
@esshortie happy birthday!!! have a good one boo boo.
@jhngrttn i like tacos morelos on 2nd and a, get the cecina with crema. also fish tacos at tacombi on elizabeth are good.
need to get more friends that are hungry at the same time i am. what the fuck. #howcomenoonewantstacos #stepitupfriends
oh shit. all this rocky iv reminded me its time to listen to "no easy way out" and go h.a.m.! go:
stunned that #rockyiv is trending but #youwilllose is not. #smh #drago
i'm in!! where you at @nytimes? rt @michaelendelman nominating @azizansari for new @nytimes restaurant critic gig.
@n666zy what are you talking about man?
@dlottmusic that turkey sandwich is nuts. wait til you try that meatball one they are doing at parm though, ridic.
@ceddyf11 happy birthday! now where them throne food remixes??!!
@augie825 where were you at feb 23rd bro? #mybirthday #answerisnotinaplacewhereyouwishedmyhappybday
@srod_pr who you think you talking too? pabellon and de pollo (paisa instead of cheddar) with a passionfruit juice. #doneanddone
if you like food, read about my delicious trip to roberta's in brooklyn for @amtendler's food & fashion project:
update: @alanmyang has responded. no word from @chelseavperetti. #nicetoknowwhomyrealfriendsare
btw don iledio (steven bauer) deserves an emmy for best actor in a drama describing the taste of fictional fried chicken. #scenemademehungry
rt @parksandrecnbc #parksandrec season 3 dvd out today. order here & get a pawnee seal paperweight/bottle opener free!
@biggayicecream it was so tasty! will come back again soon.
scott caan undergoes a strange experiment where his body is fused with that of a former bush cabinet member in... caandeleeza rice. #caantv
rt @forreelblog in a new scifi thriller scott caan thinks he's alone in space, that is until he makes...*dramatic music*...caantact. #caantv
scott caan quits acting to become a prosecuting attorney. truth and caansequences premieres this fall on tnt. #caantv
@juddapatow @nastymcnast wsup fuck buddy? (i think)
thank you sir! rt @j_rich @azizansari here's the bread. bit.ly/qi19o0
can someone make a gif of ld taking credit for knocking down the guy on the plane in curb? #gifrequest #curbsbeenawesomethisseason
@virgilabloh not as good as maybach to del taco #yeahthathappened
oh fuck me. a second baby just rolled up on this flight. #zerodonuts
since adopting a "who gon stop me" ringtone, when my phone rings, i just start going ham & all my calls go to vm. #throneproblems
in between shooting parks today, i've decided to make #watchthethronecomics. 
@joshuamazement shaking my head
god damn it. that missing girl thing i rt'd is a fake thing! don't rt it. who the fuck does that shit. smh.
caterer: turkey or roast beef sandwich? jay z: you got any peanut butter & jelly up in there? #ask30mins #neverthoughtidhearjayzask4apbandj
scroll that shit down and hush fools. rt @randompeople why you messing up my feed with this q and a? #ask30mins
too early to say!! you? rt @navjeetbajwa whats your favourite song off of watch the throne? #ask30mins
larry david sammy at marie catrib's rt @tim_logsdon what was your favorite meal that you had during filming? #ask30mins
re ?s about the cast. we had a great time. best part was sometimes strangers assuming mcbride was as racist as kenny powers. #ask30mins
ok, doing a twitter q and a to make you see 30 mins or less on friday. sorry if i fill your timeline up too much. ask me stuff! #ask30min
watch my interview from conan last night:
.@conanobrien instead of usual interview, one of my followers suggested we cover "n*ggas in paris" by the throne. can we do this?
i'll be on @jimmykimmel tonight to try to charm abc viewers to go see @30minutesorless this weekend in theaters. watch!
@darham175 thanks, but i'm pretty sure that's not gonna happen. hahahahah.
i gotta go to bed bath and beyond. think i might take (slow it down) los feliz blvd down to fountain! #wtt #throneday #slowitdown
"god damn it!" - swizz beats #watchthethrone #mythoughtsexactly
#watchthethrone
darwish currently explaining why "suits" on usa is the perfect 'summer show.' #lunchwithdarandharr
@jshecket @lizbeach05 hope the marriage works and you have a happy life free of divorce and affairs and misc adultery
does sound like a fun bbq rt @kentremendous either it's intentional & racist, or unintentional & boneheaded. you decide!
@chelseavperetti @wittels @djgoor @alanmyang  more like your jityourassoutofhereyouorderedthewrongshitdummy #jitlada4life
if you have a pt cruiser, the woodgrain on the side move isn't
helping.
@jon_dunn unfortunately with the parks and rec shooting schedule i can't come to gr. but have an ld at marie catrib's for me please.
@luckyman75 hahahaha
@iamdiddy positivity! let's gooooooooooooooo! #hopethathelps
i don't think trader joe's is on twitter, but fyi tom haverford calls trader joe's mango lemonade - nature's hennessy.
@jamespageiv nope, different indian man
@ryangilmore i wouldn't dare tweet spoilers. gus been badass since day one.
if i was a crystal meth kingpin, my front would definitely be a fried chicken restaurant too. #gusistheman #breakingbad
stop tweeting about breaking bad? "yeah? i want shania twain to give me a tuggy. guess what? that ain't happening either. - hank schraeder
@af_normality best show since the wire. easily.
breaking bad season 4. so psyched. my favorite show on tv, maybe ever. #kindahopingthistweetwillresultinamcsendingmeallofseason4inadvance
@moonbiscuits bunk's sandwiches. go there!
@noreservations @davidchang @joebeef don't do it!!! chang warned me about this. go to wilensky's and get a sandwich and run home quick.
@sluke6 happy birthday! i'm sleepy. that's all i got.
@n666zy i'm just looking out for you lil bro. i'm smh.
@murphwatchestv love many things about that tweet. respect.
@socutepanda very on board with this.
how many god damn people do i have txt to get someone to go to brunch with me??! smh. #imhungry #needmorefatfriends
@therealmikedean who got dibs on that martinelli's...
parents in town. no matter what "fun ny activities" we plan, we just end up napping. #gotnapsonnapsonnaps
@amplesamurai @thequeenrebel ahhh you may need an iphone with emoji to appreciate that one. sorry.
if you see a fat version of me in montreal, its me. 3 lunches today w/@joebeef & @davidchang: wolinskys, barros luco, & village grec. ridic.
@jonnypblair agreed
the world mourns the passing of nelson mandela.
[live] president obama delivers a statement on the passing of nelson mandela.
because who is perfect?
december 4th, a star was born. happy birthday jay z.
there are 20 songs in this mashup and you probably know the words to all of them.
[live] jennifer garner and chris daughtry honor #givingtuesday with a discussion about relief in the philippines.
sending a happy birthday shout-out the princess of pop. keep working it, britney.
justin bieber turns up the sexy in his new video all that matters.
if you cant find fish socks on black friday, when can you find them?
whats the best single digit number? two crazy puppets break it down.
this adventurous doge is out of this world. wow. such amaze.
take a trip to a creepy natural history museum with queens of the stone age.
dont let your #thanksgiving cornucopia suffer from lack of bacon.
do not underestimate princess peach; she fights almost as good as she sings.
enjoy a small slice of afternoon delight with the cast of #anchorman2.
@azdbacksfan1 it's beautiful isn't it? glad you enjoyed.
miley cyrus meows the crowd at the amas.
@danna29081 @onedirection it's been a roller coaster ride. what's been your favorite moment so far? #1dday
@ishhee97 @onedirection not a bad way to spend 7 hours. #1dday
[live] the @onedirection guys kick off a marathon of live music and superstar shenanigans.
jessie j pulls her car off the road to fight through the rain in her new video thunder.
@brad_hodgins thanks friend. nom nom nom. guess what? we got you one too! #surprisecorndog #fancyacorndog
your favorite time travelling humanoid alien takes a trip to the land of pokemon and akira.
the vixx boys get super gory in their latest video voodoo doll.
@tomrpi @evanedinger oh man, things are getting heated. i'm sure @carlyraejepsen would love a call from both of you.
@phoebysue it gets you right in the feels, doesn't it?
feel the beat of the rhythm of the night with indie pop superstar ellie goulding.
.@xbox score! #xboxone and youtube ftw.
the british invasion comes back to the future in the latest smash-hit video from the beatles.
this goes out to anyone who has ever felt awkward in a public bathroom.
bust a move with doctor who.
@thewarnersound it's so amazing watching artists perform in legendary studios. can't wait for more #theliveroom. #ytma
loki from #thor sings his heart out on the road.
dessert time gets gangsta in chip chocolates new video cookie dance.
when super mario decides nothing should be broken, he has no choice but to become the fixer.
get super retro with imagine dragons in their new video on top of the world.
get dark, cold and crazy with super eclectic music artist andrew huang.
@rhettandlink you brought us dope zebra and the breaking bad musical...we trust you. thanks for the #ytma playlist.
#girlsgeneration is just the beginning. dive in to korean pop culture 
@barsukrecords congratulations on fifteen years of awesome. there's a lot of talent in this playlist. #barsuk15
reggaeton rock star farruko takes it to the streets in his latest video voy a 100.
sending a birthday shout-out to dreamy superstar ryan gosling.
how to find flavor country in your nearly empty pantry.
your backstage pass to the world of one direction.
in case you didnt have time to watch every awesome youtube video last month 
when you see someone yawn, do you end up doing it too? here's why:
because every airlplane should have a barbecue in the aisles.
the developing story of typhoon haiyan in the philippines:
a pre-surgery flash mob to remind us of the power of positivity.
your favorite internet puppets hit us right in the feels with this beatles cover.
up-and-coming rapster becky g gets glitchy in her new video, "built for this."
super smash wars. it is dangerous to go alone, skywalker.
new manchester band @rixtonofficial share their five top videos.
are you a bad dancer? dont worry, youre in good company.
[live now] your chance to hang out with katniss everdeen and friends.
james arthur reveals a hidden love of hip-hop with a playlist heavy on beats and rhymes.
#trending: one direction takes a moment to reflect on the past in their latest video story of my life.
.@djfreshuk takes a break to share five of his favourite tracks of 2013.
@aloeblacc music has a way of shaping the way we look at our own history. thanks so much for sharing yours with us. #ytma
give it up for your #ytma winners.
@jamesarcher1991 @eminem glad you liked it, james. it was an epic live music video, for sure. #ytma
@malecmylove good to hear, eleanor. what was your favorite part? #ytma
@xchemicalvenom you're welcome from new york. thanks for watching. #ytma
@lorraneaguiarr thank you for tuning in. we had a blast. #ytma
@charrmanderp he is pretty amazing, huh? glad you're into it. #ytma
@jddrake love that enthusiasm, jd. keep watching for the last wave  of awesome. #ytma
@himesamadahlia it's getting good, huh? stay tuned for even more music awesomeness. #ytma
@johnelidacosta awesome that you're enjoying it, john. keep watching for more surreal-ness. #ytma
raise your hand: should they live or die? #ytma
@devincf what can we say? we like to get weird. glad you're enjoying it, and stay tuned for even more surprises. #ytma
@_kier4n when you get connected, here's your link:
innovation of the year winner: destorm #ytma
@cuteasa1dbutton excellent. who else are you rooting for? #ytma
@becca_french amazing, right? stayed tuned for even more chill-inducing performances. #ytma
breakthrough of the year winner: macklemore and ryan lewis #ytma
cdza and walk off the earth go on a musical tour through youtube history.
are you ready to work it out with arcade fire? greta gerwig is.
@saphiresaphire_ 2 more minutes. get your last minute votes in now. #ytma
@bestkindofcrazy @bestkimever yep, we're streaming the pre-show now and the awards show starts at 6pm et on
get your votes in while they still count. the #ytma polls close in 30 minutes.
@chrissharratt99 the show officially starts at 11pm in the uk, but the pre-show's on now:
@karabreanne19 no spoilers, but w.o.t.e. is gonna be pretty amazing. see you at 6pm et #ytma
@amarm99 we won't lie, avery, it's going to be pretty epic. #ytma
@jamesiesworld enjoy the show, james. #ytma
@fabasbeau we won't tell you what to do, but tonight's gonna be pretty epic. either way, you'll find what you need at
@pinkocean_cat it'll be worth it, trust us. #ytma
tell us why you love your favorite nominee. #ytma
@sailorjupiter23 sure thing, lisa. the preshow will start at 4pm if you're on central time or 3pm if you're on mountain time. #ytma
@lettherebecolby yep. we're celebrating music on youtube + making epic live music videos. show's at 6pm et on
@clbgrls @jaromkubik pre-party's happening right now with international live streams all over the planet. have you been watching? #ytma
@drwsguitar you can vote right up until the show starts at 6pm et. just go to
@carmen_craven hey carmen, the #ytma show starts at 11pm in the uk. but a special show in london starts at 9pm on
@dinarenee483 don't forget about the live music videos. which #ytma performers are you looking forward to most?
@erin_burleson less than 4 hours away: hope you're almost done with that homework. which #ytma performers are you excited to see?
@drewshazel hey laira, you can vote by going to
@vannemonster22 the #ytma award show starts at 2pm pacific time. tune in at
@talampard @_mram_ yep, the show's on
@theonlyange hi ange, #ytma is already in moscow, but you can watch seoul's show at the start of the live stream:
@aureliamchlle we can help. go to
[live] your ticket to the youtube music awards live show in moscow.
@cassopeias hey there. you can vote by going to
@walkofftheearth jacked doesn't even begin to describe our excitement. can't wait to see your performance tonight #ytma
everything you need to make sure your youtube music awards party is as rad as possible.
@jeromeadel the show starts at 6pm et tomorrow, jerome. catch it on
@colandicho07 just head over to
@khanomox the suspense is thrilling, isn't it? who are you most excited to see perform?
follow us on tumblr and youll like what you see.
.@avicii supplies the edm for the #ytmas this sunday. but dont be surprised if he revolutionizes the edm video too.
heard @ladygagas new song yet? neither have we. tune in sunday to watch the first-ever performance of "dope." #ytma
paws up #littlemonsters, search your mothers name on youtube and wait for the surprise.
honored to feature it. mt @unclerush: honored to have add's next level - far east movement on the #ytma playlist
arcade fires in the #ytma house and theyre not known for keeping things quiet.
the giant boombox in the "berzerk" video actually works. with giant cassettes. #mmlp2 -em
the @eminem takeover happens now. ready or not, here comes marshall mathers.
your backstage pass to the seoul edition of the youtube music awards.
#rapgod @eminem is gearing up to go berserk on our twitter feed tomorrow. brace yourself. #ytma
say the magic words for a chance to appear in the youtube music awards. bonus if youre in a #halloween costume.
do it a cappella with captain jack sparrow and his crew of surly pirates.
@heyjaynecreativ thanks jayne  it's been a crazy journey to get to where we are today. anything you hope to see at the show sunday? #ytma
@ana_m_medina agreed. have a blast, guys. #ytma
moby celebrates some of music's more idiosyncratic performers.
@stoikostoilov see you all for the live stream on sunday. #ytma
@ashleighanne90 thanks, and now that you've voted, find out who wins on sunday:
@awesomenesstv @chestersee agreed, he's got such great taste in music, and we love seeing him in #sideeffects. #ytma
@x360ninja we're almost ready to count down the hours. who are you excited to see? #ytma
imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
prepare to have your mind blown by #ytma performers lady gaga, m.i.a. and more.
#kpop super-duo trouble maker get their bonnie and clyde on in now.
@alex_claim hang tight. its difficult for us too. at least you can vote in the meantime:
battle bullies and annoying brothers with a power pop fantasy come to life.
disney villains get the chicago treatment from todrick hall, adam lambert and friends.
what do you know about g-dragon and girls generation?
so country it hurts 
how lucky did you get with this infectious summer jam?
@edwinridwansah just head to
a bluegrass barn-dance version of blurred lines. you know you want it 
@av_byte this playlist makes us want to break out into song on the streets of nyc. you guys know the feeling... #ytma
step inside the recording studio with rock god paul mccartney and his super famous friends.
"assassin's creed" gets musical with guest star captain jack sparrow.
@billboard thanks for sharing all these amazing performances. #ytma
what would #thefox say if all he had was an acoustic guitar?
@chestersee sending you bling...our relationship has gone to the next level.
these artists went from up-and-coming to household names. vote now for youtube breakthrough.
when the key of awesome guys get on youtube, they go for wrecking balls and atomic thrusts. how about you?
now this is gangsta rap:
advice for monsters from a couple of crazy puppets.
the man of a kajillion voices does family guy in three minutes.
life sure is wacky when you live with the creepy puppet from saw.
a young brain cancer survivor finds inspiration through katy perrys roar.
@mcamilabb it's right there in the name. #ytma
@theozstingirl i mean, we're biased but, yeah, that's definitely a fave. #ytma
@boriyach gangnam style was definitely a huge phenomenon. #ytma
#trending: how many youtube stars can you spot in this reenactment of the running of the bulls?
alright, who let pikachu into the energy drinks?
two a cappella heavyweights take on slumdog millionaire.
get hyped for the youtube music awards with a look at what got kina and kurt stoked in 2013.
@rokirtech double rainbow...all the way.
pokemon gets the booming bass treatment from the guy who sang chocolate rain.
next time you see banksy prints on the street, buy them.
twin sister pop duo megan and liz discuss their favorite music moment of 2013.
prince postpones the pancakes in his new video breakfast can wait.
time to get hyped for the next generation of pokemon games.
youtube star tiffany alvord covers avicii's wake me up.
hasta la vista, baby. theres a new arnold in town.
pokemon gets the epic musical treatment from @av_byte.
celebrating the classics with a dubstep voyage through a world of ice with rockin violinist lindsey stirling.
@janet02265554 music inspiring more music, that's what we like to hear. keep it up, janet.
how often do you check your phone? are you sure?
a really goofy stop-motion tribute to the legend of zelda.
celebrate the release of miley cyrus new album #bangerz with a collection of wrecking ball tributes.
are millennials lazy or just misunderstood?
#trending: your favorite blindness guru has some questions for the sighted.
skaters meet fireworks.
a hypnotic lyric video for shinees #kpop hit symptoms.
kid president asks for your help in making this the best #socktober ever.
is this star trek into darkness ending better than the original?
reactions to the #gopshutdown.
the magic and beauty of getting radical on your shred stick.
mix insane acrobatics with martial arts and what do you get?
deconstructing justin bieber lyrics with @makermusic.
kicking off national pizza month with magic tricks and money.
mark your calendars: on november 3 well host our first-ever youtube music awards show, created by you. 
breaking bad may be over, but the parodies live on.
get whisked away to the beautiful and awesome city of amsterdam.
an animated rule book for the next star wars film.
how to be a good intern with gwar.
hip-hop songstress skylar grey stays up all night to #getlucky.
record breaking booty shaking with twerk-master big freedia and her legion of loyal fans.
a peppy little number about a certain social network with avian roots.
ylvis' "the fox" gets a cartoon makeover.
edm all-star zedd teams up with paramores hayley williams in his new video stay the night.
a kid-hop tribute to miley cyrus #wreckingball.
theyre up all night  for new iphones.
giddy up #breakingbad fans; its a down-home western song predicting the futures of jesse, walt and co.
a live performance of the seminal thrash metal hit master of puppets by metallica.
tegan and sara show myriad ways to leave your lover in their new video goodbye, goodbye.
thirty seconds to mars performs a soulful cover of stay by rihanna.
@chestersee aww, we're blushing.
what if mario and luigi were teenage mutant ninja turtles?
wild belle head to the lonesome west in their new video another girl.
inside the hilarious minds of two speed-talking valets.
swedish dj avicii holds a rollerskate rumble for his new video "you make me."
the world's fastest backbend walker. she's probably an amazing breakdancer, too.
the man of a kajillion voices impersonates the muppets.
what if you woke up tomorrow and all the technology you loved was gone?
a truly heartwarming wedding proposal...at home depot.
who knew game console sounds could be this catchy?
kid president's newest pep rally: it's time to be more awesome.
superstitions run wild this friday the 13th. which ones do you believe?
furrowing your glabella? here are 48 names for things you didn't know had names.
if you lived in a video game, you'd have to be awesome at parkour.
rumors and rants regarding the seventh installment of star wars.
#trending: a man wakes up to find true love  again.
@joeygraceffa you have more subscribers to your channel than fiji has people. amazing accomplishment, congrats.
[live] secretary of state john kerry discusses the conflict in syria.
three regular guys try to get all purdy with help from @michellephan.
the trick shot masters of @dudeperfect get crazy with nerf.
guess which famous internet cat won a world record for its hair?
dr. seuss gets zombie-fied.
you're invited to dinner with they might be giants and a singing package of meat.
ariana grande brings the #90s back in her new video baby i.
@snubbyj awesome job, kent. how long did it take you to make?
wait for it  omnomnomnomnom.
@amazingphil @danisnotonfire @thetomska @thistim the dream team. looking sharp, guys.
a summers worth of hits in one spot 
experience mercedes-benz fashion week without flying to new york.
a #dubstep tribute to the king of pop.
an etch a sketch tribute to the lion king.
a special song just for you from #kpop boy band exo.
#trending: snl comedian jay pharoah spoofs kanye west.
an a capella celebration of "super mario world."
get stoked for the release of @onedirections documentary film this is us.
two door cinema club drop their new video changing of the seasons.
#throwbackthursday: remembering the "king of pop, michael jackson.
a new anthem for lazy fix-it dudes.
avril lavigne takes you behind the scenes of rock n roll.
what happens when an orc from wow tries to play his favorite mmog?
a back-to-school bootcamp session with a couple of agro puppets.
everybodys #twerking for the weekend, but should they be?
rock out to last nights #vma winners with this playlist.
hipster glass is cooler than you. just sayin.
.@therealryanhiga teaches you how to pull off the ultimate handshake.
prince royce heads to miami in his sexy new video darte un beso.
@fcbarcelona congratulations on being the first football club in the world to reach 1 million subscribers on youtube. amazing news.
on the set of falling in love with #kpop girl group 2ne1.
a liquified #dubstep dance session from @officialwhzgud.
is this how "pacific rim" should have ended?
this extreme athlete is overcoming the odds one flip at a time.
is your final summer blowout going to be as epic as this human slingshot session?
avril lavigne fights for #rocknroll in her new video.
ariana grande and nathan sykes end their duet with snuggles in almost is never enough.
celebrate national aviation day with some epic water jetpacks.
kid president scores a kiss (and interview) with @beyonce for world humanitarian day.
@publicprank you're welcome. it's amazing what you can do with a little super glue.
how many guys does it take to dunk one ball?
you just found a hundred-dollar bill. will you do the right thing?
if you want to get the attention of your favorite youtube channel, 12,000 dominoes helps a lot.
miniature hip-hop maestro @mattybraps covers #wecantstop.
get excited for the #jobsmovie by learning about the man himself, steve jobs.
lady gaga strikes a pose on the catwalk in the new lyric video applause.
@mshepuk yeah? how'd you do?
@paradisedecay you're welcome. glad to hear you're enjoying it. #geekweek
lordes royals gets a summertime skateboarding makeover from tyler ward.
a 2-year-old girl speaks through a grown man and the whole internet smiles.
@erbofhistory congrats. you better start planning your party for 10 million subs because at this rate it's going to happen quickly.
congrats to the winner's of sunday's teen choice awards: miley, demi, oned and more.
an intimate text session with avid emoji fan katy perry.
what went down across the globe during #geekweek.
a collection of the top #trending videos from #geekweek on youtube 
how much do you know about the @yomyomfnetwork?
what happens when you throw a bunch of rowdy youtube celebs in a kitchen and make them battle?
give it up for ten of the best cosplayers in the biz.
@chris_kendall_ fantastic #geekweek special, really enjoyed everyone's costumes.
have these scientists finally discovered the formula for going viral on youtube?
the #geekweek quiz with @danisnotonfire @ashens @amazingphil @coollike @thetomska
a super energetic rap about gaming.
last question: whats your favorite video game of all time and which youtube star would you want to play against? #geekweek
@swikan what an awesome way to meet. congrats. #geekweek
fourth question: how has gaming changed your life? #geekweek
@kizzlingaround yoshi would be such a great bff. are you picturing a super mario world like this?
@jncoleman91 sonic's speed...yeah, @vsaucethree breaks it down like this:
@heppell08 oh that's pretty perfect. would be pretty crazy to use irl.
@hokurinn we like this one from megaman 2.
awesome music picks so far. turn up this playlist of our faves to enjoy during our #geekweek chat 
lets get this #geekweek chat started. first question: which video game has the best theme music?
easter egg #6: videos are under attack, but you can command the missiles when you type 1980 after the video plays.
@theladykaylah hello, could you follow and dm? we'd like to get in touch.
@jasonbradbury awesome commentary, made us feel like we were there. #geekweek
@lilypopli definitely an epic video. hope to see you tomorrow at 1pm pt/4pm et for our gaming twitter chat. use #geekweek to join us.
@jncoleman91 you've got such awesome taste in videos. @hernameissammie hope you enjoy #geekweek
@synystersk8r07 would you follow and dm? we'd like to get in touch with you.
the premiere episode of @geekandsundrys new 8-bit space series outlands.
a #geekweek exclusive: the new trailer for #thordarkworld.
what if batman drove a nissan? #geekweek
easter egg #4: type 1337 while watching any #geekweek youtube video to make the comments elite.
who better to correct youre awful grammar then pro wrestler @cmpunk?
@asgoodasnewe @hollywoodasia sounds like it's on. that's a really high score...can you top it? #geekweek
@chaffxgrenade seems like you managed to recover quite nicely, great score. which one threw you? #geekweek
@ri_science letting a leech suck your blood for science...that's dedication. #geekweek
a rundown of todays #geekweek videos from yomyomfs chester see.
#doctorwho gets the stop-motion treatment in doctor puppet.
anime expressions for all your emotional needs.
the youtube search bar wants to know the deal with 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34 ...
enter stranger. "knightmare" is back for #geekweek
@alyschitty you make a strong case. #geekweek
@ittatto23 soon...very soon. (tomorrow.) #geekweek
@wilson_dub25 to understand, turn to the geeky side. #geekweek
@ryankidd5 you can never be too safe. #geekweek
@am_hiles on mobile, go to the about tab. the choices are listed in the description. good luck, adventurer. #geekweek
daredevil skateboarder bob burnquist takes kickflips and tailslides to epic new heights.
@supersungal all things that are geeky on their own...but together are super geeky. #geekierthanyou ready for #geekweek tomorrow?
our search for the geekiest geeks continues. use #geekierthanyou to show your pride.
@silhouettedrms who typically answers the questions first? #geekierthanyou
@tylo_m hmm, what if we call your bluff? #geekierthanyou
what, 9,000?! can anyone top that? rt @sarahcgg: our power levels are over 9000! #geekierthanyou
@ben_philosopher so, okay, what kind of geek are you? #geekierthanyou
@greenskull yes, it's going to be awesome, dan. #geekierthanyou #geekweek
@thedoctorpuppet wow...is your apartment bigger on the inside? #geekierthanyou #geekweek?
your favorite movie about real life superheroes retold through old school 8-bit game tech.
@ben_philosopher this sounds like an alternate-world version of our #geekweek days. you'd love blockbuster sunday. #geekierthanyou
@funimation oh, awesome. that's even geekier than we imagined. #geekierthanyou
@semperfried76 what about coding in gallifreyan? that's next level #geekierthanyou
@laveschemusic kind of like a dungeon master for your real life. how long have you played? #geekierthanyou
@kalelcloud @ytcreators very cool. i mean, he rocked a mowhawk. you might be into #geekweek's gaming day next thursday. #geekierthanyou
@kikiimirantitw so are we. is thor your favorite avenger? #geekierthanyou #geekweek
@kalelcloud @ytcreators that's so awesome, what was your first game? #geekierthanyou
were kicking off an epic, weekend-long geek war and we want to hear from you. tweet using #geekierthanyou to prove your worth.
@melvin2898 that's dedication. do you have a favorite youtube anime channel? #geekierthanyou
a thank-you compilation for french prankster remi gaillards 3 million subscribers.
@geekandsundry the first of many fun surprises for #geekweek...
@hailee_says will that mean sonic screwdriver stocking stuffers? #geekierthanyou
@stephaniejones5 awesome. so, did you get the golden snitch up on the fan? #geekierthanyou
youtube darlings @walkofftheearth get on down with a barn-house remake of their original song revo.
.@jtimberlake presents the long-awaited video for take back the night.
an anthem for those of you whod rather get a text than a phone call.
comic duo key and peele teach you how to take awesome pictures with your homies.
@thefinebros @epicmealtime why you're welcome. #thankfest2013
10 kinda helpful tips for a healthier lifestyle.
a collection of videos to get you pumped for #thewolverine.
taking  the "cup song to epic new heights.
coming soon: the return of uk classic "knightmare." #geekweek with @amazingphil @danisnotonfire @ashens @emmablackery
sister duo @thedoubleclicks and friends show their geek pride.
@abbyspread well consider this your official invitation. #geekweek
@psy_oppa two videos in the top ten, amazing. congrats.
@caroline_hno1 truth. who are you subscribed to?
celebrate your passions with @youtube #geekweek.
what happens when superheroes get depressed?
[live] the duke and duchess of cambridge prepare to leave the hospital with their new prince.
@ijustine @wired what a hero. how'd the date go?
celebrating a very special birthday with @selenagomez.
the backstreet boys are back with a new video for in a world like this.
can anyone beat @austinmahones attempt at the skittle challenge?
are you totally devoted to harry potter or twilight? then this #fangirl meeting is for you.
@theboxmanlily awesome. also, nice twitter name. sounds like you have a good life.
@atinyadventure awesome. what's your favorite channel, james?
#trending this week on youtube 
program: #sdcc youtube overwrite;

robot.tweet(internal crisis. am i #evilrobot or #goodrobot? tweet now to decide.);

end
program: #sdcc youtube overwrite;

robot.tweet("we will rise.");

robot.threaten();

end//
@itmaybekatie good call.
honoring #mandeladay with bill clinton, the dalai lama, richard branson and others.
remembering beauty guru and inspirational youtube star talia joy castellano.
a surf rockin ode to darth vaders theme from #starwars.
celebrating the release of australian singer @codysimpsons new album #surfersparadise.
@chelsea_briggs congrats, that's great news. got any big plans to celebrate?
interested in providing your feedback to the youtube team? sign up for our user research database:
today we mourn the loss of a talented actor and singer, cory monteith.
10 great wedding speeches, including one inspired by eminem.
season two of video game high school is upon us.
#trending this week on youtube 
@aguywithnolife we're cool, elijah. just followed you. friends?
@barelypolitical mime class. nailed it.
celebrating 20 years of #powerrangers with an epic morph session from the red ranger.
a helium-fueled interview with australian pop star @codysimpson.
michael bubl ponders lifes little moments of happiness in his new video close your eyes.
go on an epic dune buggy adventure with the cast of the new reality show @summerbreak.
randb superstar usher channels marvin gaye for a good cause.
aly and aj michalka of @78violet get seductively pastoral in their new video hothouse.
an epic live performance of red by taylor swift.
retweet this classic video to give a birthday shout out to hip-hop legend 50 cent.
"american idol" fantasia teams up with kelly rowland and missy elliot in without me.
a guide to having the perfect summer, brought to you by a stylish bulldog.
jack johnson shows off some proper summer chill spots in his new video i got you.
fall out boys young blood chronicles continues with the torturous new video for alone together.
the pixies release their first new video in nine years. introducing bagboy.
all your favorite tv commercial jingles in a #oneminutemashup.
prepare to enter a futuristic beatbox dance chamber. blip bloop bleep.
welcome to trent reznors shaky house of horror. its the new video from @nineinchnails.
meet a girl who lives her life as a human barbie doll.
a public service announcement for all the scrubs out there still making vertical videos.
a tripped-out visit to the barbershop with dj duo duck sauce.
party people enjoy the awesome atmosphere in the latest video from edm legend @kaskade.
@tomlawmusic thanks for helping us spread the message, tom. #proudtolove
@buckhollywood feeling the &lt;3. thank you for sharing, michael. #proudtolove
a collection of videos from youtubers who are #proudtolove.
@willambelli any time. the love from the youtube community today is deep. #proudtolove
@georgetakei we're #proudtolove your dance moves. you?
@actuallynph thanks, neil. you always make us smile, glad we could return the favor.
@fakedansavage thank you for sharing, dan. coming from someone who's done so much good with youtube videos, this means a lot.
are you any good at eating ice cream? we might have the perfect summer job for you.
@davidlevitz thanks for your #proudtolove video, david. looking forward to seeing your name in lights.
@ashleywylde thank you for sharing your story with us, ashley. #proudtolove
@dudendaeaseonup really touching video, john. thanks for sharing. #proudtolove
@mikerizzi love the video, mikey. #proudtolove
@walkofftheearth yeah, we all can't play a single guitar together. respect.
remembering "the king of pop," michael jackson (august 29, 1958  june 25, 2009).
dogs vs. cats: a winner is chosen.
are you addicted to the internet? yes, its a real thing 
a rap video you need a microscope to watch.
today is #goskateboardingday. flip out.
retweet to wish @lionelrichie a happy birthday  all night long.
a collection of videos honoring the life of the sopranos star james gandolfini.
the double rainbow guy is back and this time theres a fire. so intense!
@annievinovets @mileycyrus totally. bonus points if you can tell us where in the video "twerk" is spelled out in soup.
50 ways to pretend to be smart by @gracehelbig.
learn to shred the ax with your favorite office manager, david brent from the office.
k-pop superstar @psy_oppa does his best beyonce.
retweet this epic father's day song to give props to dads across the land.
a playlist of this weeks top videos starring mr. rogers and ryan gosling. wait, thats ryan, right?
what do you think #themanofsteel might get up to when his new movie ends?
a list of healthy food that's actually bad for you.
@thefinebros thanks, now we're blushing. #thankfest2013
@thefinebros thanks for taking full advantage of our platform. (all day.)
skylar grey goes camping with her boyfriend and a boombox in her latest video wear me out.
a playlist of last-minute #fathersday gift ideas for all the procrastinators out there.
get ready to go kindergarten. @thelonelyislands #thewackalbum is available today.
[live] hanging out with al gore and other top thinkers at the #goreconversation.
miley cyrus twerks again 
an animated short honoring the life of maurice sendak.
its nice to meat you. did we spell that right?
#kpop supergroup rainbow illuminates the dance floor in the new video for sunshine.
retweet this classic rock anthem to wish all your homies a happy #bestfriendday.
how many jetpacks would it take for your life to feel complete?
happy national doughnut day. krispy kreme challenge, anyone?
nbc news anchor brian williams sings the gangsta rap classic nuthin but a g thang.
.@ivylevan gets her greasy-spoon gangster on in her new video hot damn.
@amberharlow2 enjoy the swag.
imagining the madness and mayhem of a smash bros. session in real life. (via @_pwnisher_)
how to make your chuck taylors glow in the dark.
a supersonic sci-fi love story from sebastian ingrosso, tommy trash and john martin.
happy national #repeatday. retweet. happy national #repeatday. retweet.
@tmurphy2015 you're rocking that shirt, tori.
two days in the life of p. diddy. have you ever been this busy?
get hyped for the weekend with the new jam from @keshasuxx and @iamwill.
can you believe he nailed this ridiculous trick-shot on the first try?
junes right around the corner. time to get on the road to @edc_lasvegas.
why you never go off script on a first date.
a mini documentary on rock band @30secondstomars from google play.
.@dudeperfect celebrates hitting 1 million subscribers with a montage of high-fives and fist-bumps. congrats guys!
@niamh_allen thanks. hey, we'd like to get in touch. please follow and dm so we can connect.
@joshjxoxo hey, josh. we'd like to get in touch. please follow and dm so we can connect.
an epic summertime anthem from on-the-rise pop star @megannicole.
@mr_sark glad you enjoyed it. did you get inspired?
a greatest-hits playlist of auto-tuned classics from the @gregorybrothers. what does it mean?!
a fast food fight in epic slow-mo.
@caztellations we do. and yes. you can find the videos at
a #comedyweek compilation of awesome everyday moments from @thefinebros.
speech fails, stand-up, peep shows and more. bbc worldwide has been taken over by #comedyweek.
a spoon and a fork spit game in a hip-hop silver-war.
youtuber reactions, lemur lessons, love songs and more. presenting thursdays #comedyweek rundown 
[live] spend an entire evening with @collegehumor.
@destorm  your song with the @gregorybrothers is stuck in our heads. and we never want it to leave.
@tiesto the perfect response the next time you get a song request:
"i want everyone to know, you don't have to find out you're dying to start living." -zach sobiech.
your official guide to all the awesome #comedyweek videos from yesterday.
correct link -- [live] a special #comedyweek edition of @sourcefeds crowdsourced #tabletalk series.
@shaquanrulez thanks, shaquan. can we get in touch? follow and dm so we can connect.
the verdict is in: @justinbieber doesnt wear pants.
wooing women with #comedyweek crooner @mrcraigrobinson.
@awesomenesstv a serious question for seriously funny people. we're on board with that. #comedyweek
back on the scene with team cuisine. the #comedyweek chefs of @epicmealtime offer a super swine sandwich.
enter the #spittake time machine.
#comedyweek soul man @tobyturner performs his super meaningful dramatic song.
great comedians, great cause. #comedyweek's international stand up night is live in 30 minutes.
today we turn 8, but what if youtube was actually over 2000 years old?
an internet trend is born. upload your #spittake to get on board.
.@sarahksilverman is having a perfect #comedyweek night. retweet if you are too.
@thefinebros you've earned it. kill it out there.
live now. youtube's big live comedy show. the most significant event in the history of anything ... ever.
[live] the show before the show starts now.
the big live comedy show will go live in one hour. get your last fake laugh out while theres still time.
@thelonelyisland it's gonna be epic. #comedyweek
@barelypolitical @thekeyofawesome did someone say "awesome"? we're so there. #comedyweek
only six hours left until our big, live #comedyweek kick-off show. its gonna be  "exquisite."
.@collegehumors mischievous bearshark duo devises an elaborate plan for world domination.
feast your eyes upon the awesomeness of pop-culture artifacts from the past.
@rainnwilson found it!
#comedyweek duo @thefinebros subject children to the rude wake up prank.
@rainnwilson i think you are missing a pin?
@yougeneration i bet if will finished his set, he would have made @simoncowell laugh. tell us the joke you didn't tell him. #comedyweek
@shiralazar @tobyturner careful with the sideburns. they could be the source of your funny.
@jamiespafford will the fridgecam solve all of our problems? #comedyweek
to prep for the social star awards on may 23, harley from @epicmealtime masterminds a ludicrous montage.
@sarahksilverman @thelonelyisland definitely funny. hahahaha. hahahahahaha.
.@schwarzenegger what does the commando of comedy have to say about @angelar5_ s eat-like-animals pick?
be the coolest kid in class or at the office with this musical ruler.
a super smart rap about subjective reality.
learn to shred like a pro with madman guitarist david brent from the office.
a smooth remix of zooey deschanels crazy love antics on new girl.
a special yo momma joke battle for #mothersday. (via @rhettandlink)
mariah carey gets up close and personal with a vintage motorcycle in #beautiful ft. miguel.
put your #fomo at ease. the top trending youtube videos of the week are in:
@dannysdorm hey, danny. we'd like to get in touch. follow and dm so we can connect.
@fatjacko hey, jack. we'd like to get in touch. follow and dm so we can connect.
get your great gatsby on with this 1920s inspired jam from @fergie.
four-year-old soul man kai langer returns to @theellenshow for another adorable bruno mars cover.
explore the most popular videos across the u.s. with our new trends map.
two guys bang out an epic tribute to pink on a shared keyboard and drum set.
@erbofhistory @theepiclloyd the love runs deep, guys. well, as long as you bring the funny.
.@moomilkish got @rainnwilson, but can she guess which #comedyweek star is the comedy heroine of @jash?
@georgia9988 she's definitely a comedian. keep the guesses coming.
tim mcgraw, taylor swift and keith urban sing of losing love to the road in highway dont care.
@thomasisaacjuma it's a clever strategy. you have to let us know if things work out better for you than they did for @tommyisawksome.
eating apples from bottom to top. this changes everything.
seventeen rants. four angry minutes.
@kassemg yes! can't wait to see you and the @jash crew kill it at #comedyweek. thanks for the s/o.
a proper cover of daft punk's new single "get lucky."
who's going to win #comedyweek? who else.
"nashville" stars lennon and maisy stella melt hearts at the grand ole opry.
italian singer arianna gets nautical with pitbull and charlie sheen in sexy people (the fiat song).
former street perfomers wow the audience at britain's @gottalent with their rendition of "hurts so good."
[live] @jessicaesanchez performs from her debut album at @youtube space l.a.:
the great gatsby gets audited by the tax man.
master cover artist tyler ward takes on psys gentleman.
a vintage great gatsby"-style cover of swedish house mafias dont you worry child.
five creative ways to combat #bullying.
wishing a happy birthday to the original american idol, @kelly_clarkson.
is the person running the bell tower at your school as hip as this game of thrones fan from uw-madison?
star wars after too many cups of coffee.
wishing a happy birthday to rocks real wild one, iggy pop.
a parody of doves real beauty sketches campaign geared towards men.
eight minutes of @pattonoswalt pitching his idea for the next #starwars movie. now thats a filibuster.
coverage of the fertilizer plant explosion in #texas.
syracuse universitys all-male a capella group lends its talent to a cover of the cup song from pitch perfect.
#madmens alison brie takes on grumpy cat, ermahgerd, hadouken and other memes.
an adorable talking dog prepares to meet his new kitty friend.
the @nytimes interviews youtube superstar @jenna_marbles.
pint sized rapper @mattybraps transcends puppydom to become a pitbull.
[live] baauer's opening our coachella stream today. you. 80,000 people. harlem shake!
[live] can't decide between infected mushroom or blur. a burger should help make the decision, right?
[live] hey, shirtless guy, down in front! we're trying to watch alt-j #coachellalive
we're heading to #coachella. will you be there? if not, watch it live on youtube.
high school students organize a heartwarming campaign to help end #bullying.
youtube capture is up for a #webby! help us win the peoples voice award for best use of mobile video here:
jaden smith shows his lyrical virtuosity in the new video for shakespeare.
superstar street dancer marquese scott makes a #dubstep pit stop.
a very brave high schooler twerks his way to prom.
some sobering facts about high blood pressure from @who on #worldhealthday.
people say #yolo all the time, but do they know what it means? @jimmykimmel investigates.
hanson returns to the spotlight with a new video starring kat dennings. will they get the girl back?
episode 1 of doctor puppet, a super cute doctor who spoof with time traveling marionettes.
take a tour of the oval office with #kidpresident and his mentor @barackobama.
taylor swifts 22 matures by a decade.
a new app designed to help you keep your job.
have you been feeling sad for no reason? then it might be time to talk to your doctor about tacos.
donald and kendra are back on their feet. time for a massage? rt 500 times to give these two a back rub.
donald and kendra look tired. just 6 hours and 2 years to go. rt 750 times to get these wonderful hosts some coffee.
@judsonlaipply thank you for dancing. we will notify the winner in 2023.
@thefinebros thank you for your submissions. we will notify the winner in 2023.
@ijustine thank you for your submissions. we will notify the winner in 2023. best of luck in your future endeavors!
an action-adventure rpg comes to life in terraria trolls.
little kids discuss the trials and tribulations of modern dating.
pikachu and friends come to life in the new action-adventure film pokemon snap: the movie.
10 things on the internet that we don't quite get ... as told by two puppets.
a young boy imagines a future of awesomeness in disneys when i grow up.
haters gonna hate  and now they have an app for it.
meet taiwans fastest cup stackers.
the backstreet boys are back  and theyre doing the #harlemshake.
super-bad breakin with some of the best b-boys in the biz.
miley cyrus, hard at twerk.
a little slow-mo bmx action to get you through friday.
a bonafide youtube pro teaches you how to upload videos for maximum awesomeness.
your chances of getting a perfect bracket predicting the ncaa tournament.
35 things you may not know about the amazing mister rogers.
you're a saucy little thing, aren't you? @onedirection will decide on simon cowell's @yougeneration.
breakout bands at #sxsw ... tell us who you love:
50 myths busted in less time than it takes to eat a plate of sushi  which means raw fish, right?
saint patrick's day with k-stew sounds like a blast  a very weird blast.
today is fabios birthday. be like fabio 
in theaters across america starting today: #allaroundtheworld, the inspiring and awesome story of @mindlessbhavior.
lindsey stirling and pentatonix are  radioactive.
it's a girls' day and night out for taylor swift in the video for her latest single.
a crew of animators with wildly different styles comes together for the new video from @deadmau5 and @imogenheap.
this is why you dont do the #harlemshake in front of conan obrien.
the top five beach destinations according to two pro surfer girls.
a rundown of the top seven cover songs from youtube superstars @karminmusic.
a few of the women who make youtube awesome. who did we miss?
an inspiring song from musicians across the world for #internationalwomensday 2013.
humans yelling like goats yelling like humans. the title says it all.
these screaming goat videos are so baaaaaaaad theyre good.
one million subscribers agree: this channel rocks.
trick shot magic ensues with @dudeperfect, @devinsupertramp ... and a very hyper panda.
"don't give up. don't ever give up." remembering jim valvano and the speech of a lifetime, 20 years ago.
[live] watch @flotus michelle obama's hangout about her @letsmove campaign to fight childhood obesity.
.@thewinggirls explain the top 10 signs of haters
.@nasa scientists explain the mysterious #russianasteroid.
happy birthday @justinbieber. youve come a long way since your first youtube video. :-)
did you hear the news about the terrifying #seamonster found lurking in a new jersey river? what was it?!
whoa. look who's back.
the official trailer for @jimmykimmels latest star-packed blockbuster hit, movie: the movie: 2v.
the #harlemshake continues to spread across the globe. this stop: egypt.
and the award for best neck at last nights #oscars show goes to 
a romance on the rocks inspires a crazy night of dancing in the latest video from carly rae jepsen.
jermaine dupri reveals the lineup for the so so def 20th anniversary show. ready to get totally krossed out?
an animated, spoken-word dissertation on the lifelong effects of #bullying:
flipping a mini cooper in the snow? theres something we should say here. oh yeah  dont try this at home!
chicken feet, dish soap and mice--just a few of the gifts inspired by @jimmykimmels #vday youtube prank.
season two of mortal kombat legacy is on the way ...
take a tour of the birthplace of star wars with @grantland33.
join skate star theotis beasley on a trip to nyc to peep kostons new kicks.  (via @lifeandtimes)
the latest on the #russianmeteor
is this the harlem shake to end all harlem shakes?
rabbit-powered #kpop outfit b.a.p are caught in a #crazy situation. is one shot enough to save their man?
[live] tune in to the wall street journals coverage of president obamas state of the union address.
the top #harlemshake videos blowing up on youtube right now.
your invitation to chat with the potus: rt @google: #firesidehangout w/ president obama thurs, 2/14 @ 4:50pm et
if #valentinesday is good for one reason, it's that it reminds us that everyone deserves love ... even ninjas.
singer-songwriter ryan beatty got his start on youtube just like justin bieber. so whats the difference?
hasbro recently asked the internet which new figure it should add to #monopoly and the internet said  meow.
guess whos coming to the #grammys  justin timberlake, rihanna, bruno mars and more.
bruno mars gives a nod to the intimate and low-fi music videos of yesteryear in his latest, when i was your man.
six surefire ways to break yourself out of the #friendzone.
on your mobile or tablet during the big game?  get the experience:
.@theellenshow gives a little love to a recent viral prankster, the invisible drive-thru guy.
is andy samberg a heartthrob or a try-hard? indie rockers tegan and sara dig deep on the issue.
the top ten college degrees for students with money on their minds.
a bootylicious and smooth hip-hop jam straight from the #80s.
[live] sec. of state hillary clintons global townterview, answering questions from youth around the world.
basketball star @mettaworldpeace seeks advice from a group of tiny psychologists.
pigskin burgers, bacon candy and more. this playlist of party recipes will make your #superbowl spread rock.
[live] humanitarian sri sri ravi shankar discusses living in a violence-free, stress-free society.
a cover of paul mccartneys band on the run done right  from the cab of a moving van.
can a fresh bowl of green jell-o stand up to this ultimate fighters feet of fury?
your guide to the latest fitness craze taking the world by storm: power walking.
ellen gets a lesson in sign flipping from a couple of youtube stars you probably recognize.
ever wonder what prince harry gets up to on his days off in afghanistan?
trippy cats, kings and zombies. theyre at #sundance and hanging out in the screening room now:
fish mcnuggets, cool ranch tacos and more. here are some crazy fast food items you could be eating soon.
sourcefed shares news on a potential cure for the aids virus.
prepare to get rocked out and gothy with the latest from #kpop veteran kim jaejoong.
singer/rapper baby kaely teams up with @iamwill for a tribute to lives lost in the newtown massacre.
a childrens choir from newtown, conn., sings somewhere over the rainbow.
are you a k-12 student in the u.s. with an eye for art? you might be able to redesign googles logo.
the battle between #80s and #90s kids rages on.
hungry for breakfast? how about a super slo-mo egg drop karate kick?
in her latest video, ke$ha hops a ride with a van full of debaucherous furries. jealous?
wonder what harry potters been doing with his degree from hogwarts? not much.
jack sparrow channels his inner brad pitt in this chanel parody.
forty iconic movie quotes in less than three minutes. how you like them apples?
an a capella ode to bilbo baggins old stomping grounds, the misty mountains of middle-earth.
prepare to break down with the latest video from #mandopop mega-group super junior-m.
shake off your ski-boots and hop in the lambo. its time to drift.
is chocolate rain the most thought-provoking song of our generation? youtube stars discuss.
help @therealryanhiga name his brand new (and possibly super evil) corgi puppy.
who is going to rock the music world in 2013? ask those who already have, like carly rae jepsen and t.i.
#kpop supergroup girls generation kicks off the new year with an epicly cute dance tune: 
need a quick snack on the go? try licking your iphone.
a classic song about realistic new years resolutions. whats on your list?
2012 was quite a year for news. for a recap, heres @cnn (
an updated version of a holiday classic for all you metalheads out there.
#dubstep gets a classy makeover in this piano rendition of deadmau5s strobe
get moving! three days of electronic dance music at @sunburnfestival starts now, live, on @youtube.
happy holidays from the @youtube family.
a crazy cartoon about the end of the year featuring barack obama, psy, honey boo boo and tons more.
feeling lucky? guess the exact time (in pt) @psy_oppas gangnam style crosses 1 billion views, using #1billionviewsrt
to honor victims of the connecticut shooting, coaches and artists from "the voice" sing leonard cohens "hallelujah."
how do you react when someone gives you a less-than-desirable holiday gift?
members of the youtube team are live on reddit. join and ask us anything:
dust off your hairy feet and polish your bling rings. its time to get funky with mc bilbo baggins!
.@taylorswift13 made you a present for the holidays. wanna see it?
what does santa claus have in common with hulk hogan? probably more than you think.
[live] @youtube celebs aplenty at tube-a-tweet-a-thon. tweet #tubeathon and @virginmlive gives $1 to @covenanthouse.
naturally you want to see @toroymoi's new video. and if it gets enough views, he'll unlock another. bonus!
beat the holiday shopping blues with jimmy kimmel's as seen on tv gift guide featuring trongs, laser hats and more!
@cooper_barrett @macklemore @ryanlewis working on it -- should be up soon! thanks for your patience.
@subtard @macklemore @ryanlewis hang on -- we're having technical issues.
the rock and roll hall of fame just dropped its list of inductees for 2013. did your favorite artist make the cut?
[updated] got questions about youtubes new look? we want to answer them in a hangout on 12/13 at 4pm pt ask 'em here:
got an ugly sweater party this week? dont forget your ipad!
honoring the life of mexican-american singer jenni rivera.
will the next james bond movie be shot on an iphone? maybe. heres how:
the evolution of #nintendo in under three minutes.
were preparing to take flight! find selected youtube series on virgin america starting this month.
burnin down the house of love with david guetta and taped rai.
youtube on ipad, and sweet updates for iphone 5 and ipod touch:
whens the last time you told a friend or family member how awesome you think they are?
a rockin' cover of ke$ha's "die young" to get you ready for saturday night:
its the last day of #movember. heres hoping your stache came out as hip as these.
today is the 30th anniversary of the release of michael jacksons hit album thriller. watch if you dare. ahahahaha!
time to start #screamingandshouting! @britneyspears and @iamwill dropped a new video ... and it is hot.
[live now] one of asia's biggest bands visit youtube hq in california. watch mayday live now.
automatic captions on @youtube now available in german, italian, french, portuguese, russian, and dutch
honoring the 70th anniversary of the birth of guitar legend jimi hendrix.
celebrate the 50th anniversary of the beatles first recording session with this playlist of tributes.
well now. look which youtube legend the wanted ran into.
this high-energy cover of bruno mars locked out of heaven is all youll need to get hyped for saturday night.
here are a few things you should know before emptying your wallet on #blackfriday.
the cutest motocross adventure youll see this year.
five tips to making today the #bestdayever.
@takekun so are we. like mad! #aliciahangout
@sandkeys @anntasticlv you should be able to see this:
@jescams @aliciakeys try this link:
@shenda_ak_benda have you tried this link?
@ingeilla @aliciakeys it is available in europe -- try this link:
@urbansoulmag try this link:
@tayshaun_ak47 those are some rad guests, right?!
.@aliciakeys shares her new album and answers your questions live today at 4 p.m. pt. can't. wait.  #aliciahangout
@nemanjarasic :)
congrats, psy! rt @psy_oppa: 
i received the #amas new media honoree award from lance bass!
[live now] it's chicken fried o'clock! the zac brown band are live in new york and on your computer.
want to see how much canadians love hockey?
lance bass drops knowledge (and gossip) about todays hottest music celebs in the build-up to the #amas this sunday.
in case you missed the psychedelic sea punk show on snl, heres rihanna performing diamonds live.
playtime without borders: sting and friends have developed an everlasting soccer ball for impoverished children.
[live meow]: youtube superstar @buckhollywood hosts an awards show for the most awesome #cat videos of 2012.
watch out tony stark! theres a new iron man in town and hes suited up and ready for battle.
get suuuper trippy and spaced out with azealia banks latest hit.
help honor soldiers past and present by learning about the history of veterans day.
patience is a virtue. #bsg is back. watch episode one of battlestar galactica: blood and chrome.
retweet to say major congrats to psy! mt @psy_oppa: achieving #guinness for the most liked video @youtube!! yeah~~~
guess where emoticons really come from? heres a hint: meow!
in case you missed it last night, heres the full version of president obama kicking off #4moreyears.
kids and elders chime in on #election2012.
if you relate to this epic rap song about game boys and pokemon, you might be from the #90s.
he sings, he dances, he writes songs, he is ne-yo - and he's performing for you live on youtube at 2pm pt / 5pm et.
death cab for cutie's ben gibbard just can't break bad in his new solo video.
pint-sized rap duo sophia grace and rosie relive their glory days on @theellenshow.
athletes from #teamusa take a break from training to flex their dancing muscles  #gangnam style.
proof that too much candy corn can drive you #crazy.
odds are you have an overflowing bag of candy corn today. wonder where they came from?
just in time for #halloween and the holidays, heres a super-savage claymation horror story from sufjan stevens.
rita ora returns to her hometown of pristina, kosovo, in her latest video shine ya light.
okay. goriest music videos of all time? we've got 'em. but be warned! some scary stuff here.
a congratulatory ballad for the @sfgiants sung to the tune of ho hey by the lumineers.
ladies and gentlemen, @sigurros present their entire album, interpreted in film:
there's no debate here. you know you want to hang out with @llcoolj right now. so do it!
yes! youtube star ronald jenkees is back from a long hiatus with another genre-bending masterpiece.
trick-or-treat ... we've got some halloween goodies for you on @pinterest:
master chief arrives. psyched? watch and rt episode 4 of halo 4: forward unto dawn.
@thefinebros congrats guys! how are the kids reacting?
youve probably heard a million slam poems about the #90s sitcom full house," but we think this ones special.
a few days in paris can mend anybody's broken heart. yup. we love @taylorswift13's video for "begin again."
wow. @justinbiebers youtube channel has passed three billion views! retweet to give him a super high five.
[live now]: having #debate withdrawal? fear not. the 3rd party candidates take their turn with @kingsthings
youtube phenom timothy delaghetto, aka @traphik, has a message for all the haters out there.
missed the final presidential #debate? watch the full replay of romney vs. obama on youtube:
romney and obama meet for the final presidential #debate tonight at 9pm et. watch it live on youtube:
had to get the best pizza in the land at pizzeria bianco. thank you #phoenix az.
thank you to the amazing crowd at the paramount in seattle and to all of the great comedians that i was lucky enough to be on stage with.
goodbye portland!! i will be back for this insanity. #captainmycaptain
thank you, the day after thanksgiving, or as the makers of sweatpants call it, the busy season. #thanksgivingthankyounotes
honored to be on the @officialmacys @sesamestreet float with @theroots! 9am? i need a wake up call please. #macysparade
.@realtracymorgan says 28 thanksgiving-y things
brand new show tonight!!! including nfl superlatives
i cannot leave pittsburgh without hitting up primanti bros! french fries and cole slaw on the
last night on our show, will forte (@orvilleiv) performed a medley of james ingram's biggest hits.
my buddy @johnrich is here tonight too! big show. #latenight #lnjf
thanks @denisleary @robertkelly @garygulman @kenrogerson @mulaney @realtracymorgan @lennyclarke @tomcottercomic too fun.
tonight we've got tom selleck, jena malone, music from @johnny_marr and #thankyounotes. #latenight #lnjf
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out something funny or weird about your relatives and tag with #myweirdrelative. could be on the show!
pure joy. @mariahcarey has some amazing fans!
okay: 2 hashtags - #schmuckdynasty and #lipflip @billycrystal was so funny tonight.
venezuela's gabriela isler is the new miss universe. looks like we did it again earth! #fallonmono
if you liked @natebargatze from our show last night - check out his album yelled at by a clown  

@local4news: rt @4liveinthed huge thank you for stopping by #liveinthed! i had a blast. thank you!! #lovinthed
rachel @maddow returns to the show tonight to talk and make some cocktails + music from m.i.a. (@miauniverse). #latenight #lnjf
tonight: jason statham playing water war, talking about @tomgreenlive's new beer and music from @emelisande. #latenight #lnjf
tonight we've got @lucyliu, @zacharyquinto, cooking with @gdelaurentiis and we're all playing catch phrase! #latenight #lnjf
@senjohnmccain thank you again for being here. see you online. #poker
tonight's late night
last night, tux reunited on our show.
happy halloween!
tonight on the show we've got @katebosworth, tv legend tim conway and music from @chromeo. #latenight #lnjf
thank you, new japanese wine for cats. because if there's one thing cats really need, it's another reason to throw up. #thankyounotefriday
.@philadelphiagov you've got a great city. thank you for the roots!
pearl jam!!! turn on nbc now!!!!! thanks.
i can be mario, you can be luigi - we can egg houses until you need a squeegee. #halloweenrap
if you are in union square, flatiron or gramercy - the only choice for pizza is joe's on 14th and 3rd.
just heard rehearsal for tonight's #pearljamweek performance. fleet foxes' robin pecknold is doing "corduroy" and it sounds great.
@stephanie_vill: hi jimmy. i totally enjoyed the show last night from screen grab, and also sketch w/ alec ;  music. thank you!
tonight: alec baldwin (@abfalecbaldwin), @mrkevinconnolly and kicking off #pearljamweek @chriscornell + @theavettbros doing "footsteps"! #lnjf
it's time to play "guess the corn maze!"
@marissa519: my experience seeing your show @iheartjimmycom!! :d
i love these 4 comedians: @nickthune @natebargatze @julezmac and @thezog. thank you tampa! #ccc
okay, i had to try beefy king orlando. great pickles!! thanks.
@kayquinn miss me? ha. thanks for having us.
nashville feeling the love from me? @rotiers2413 cheeseburgers!!!
clean cut tour continues tomorrow night at the cobb energy centre in atl w/ @nickthune @natebargatze @julezmac @thezog!
a restaurant in nyc doesnt let customers talk during meals. when they heard, obama and republicans said "table for 200 please?" #fallonmono
what does the fox say? @questlove ylvis
also tonight -- he's back. jeff musial (@jeffanimalguy) returns to the show with his animals. #latenight #lnjf
.@paulmccartney invented the selfie and the photobomb.
thank you to @paulmccartney and his awesome band and crew. pre order "new" avail october 13. tonight
so fun! snl!!
@awilliamson7 that was fun. see you soon!
disney world is helping employees sign up for obamacare. now sneezy is on claritin, sleepy is on adderall and grumpy is on prozac. #fallonmono
after 70 years in business, new york city's opera is filing for bankruptcy. or as the fat lady put it, soooo, now?" #fallonmono
from last night, @lordemusic performs "royals". so good.
@juhasaarinen: rt @trendsnz: jimmy fallon, @jimmyfallon is now trending in new zealand
michael jordan said he could've beaten lebron 1-on-1 in his prime. then lebron said, "no kidding. back then, i was only 9." #fallonmono
couples are splitting the cost of an engagement ring. because every girl dreams of hearing her man say, "you owe me $2,000. #fallonmono
had my first it's-it last night. amazing! how did i not know about these??
thanks to @mikedicenzo and @danopsal and to everyone at @breakingbad_amc: here is our full "breaking bad" parody.
thank you, crocs, for being a terrifying animal and an even more terrifying shoe. #thankyounotefriday
@eljowanderer: @jimmyfallon ew! oh my gawwwd and that drool that was on your chin the whole time was so ewwww!  ha. that was gross.
sesames tweet
let's play the hashtag game! tweet a made-up spoiler for breaking bad w/ the hashtag #fakebreakingbadspoilers. could be on our show!
10 million followers. wow. thank you guys so much!
and...it's #timberlaketuesday! more fun with @jtimberlake tonight.
@bign98: a'ight @jimmyfallon  #touche
the beanie babies creator owes $53 million for tax evasion. if he sells all his beanie babies, he'll just owe...like $53 million #fallonmono
piatas 2
north korea says it wants to resume talks with the us. obama says it'll be awkward. not the talks, thanking dennis rodman. #fallonmono
i remember camp and singing with @jtimberlake at camp winnipesaukee.
tonight we've got @benaffleck, @mindykaling and music from the @pixies!! #latenight #lnjf
thank you, the scarlet letter a, for being the original tramp stamp. #thankyounotefriday
fun guests on tonight's show: robert de niro, amy sedaris and music from @alt_j!! #latenight #lnjf
@mc_donough3: yes! @jimmyfallon #falsenberg ha
joking bad on nbc in 15 minutes. check it out. #jokingbad #breakingbad #latenight
my college roommate would order a pizza, eat some, and then hide the rest under his bed so no one else would eat it. #myroommateisweird
the evolution of end zone dancing
the iphone 5s looks suspiciously like a hoagie.
cool thing about doing a show in nyc  anyone can drop by. @kanyewest surprised us and performed bound 2 tonight on late night! #nojoke
@jman1118 oh
promo for tonights show:
tonight we've got @katiecouric, @arianagrande, @pattonoswalt, music from @newpolitics + #thankyounotes and more. #latenight #lnjf
"if you sass me one more time, i'm gonna have to go super slap-a-fool on your ass." #makebuscemisay
tonight, for our first show back, we've got @michaelstrahan, @ddlovato and music from @nekocase. #latenight #lnjf #funtimes
@mrjoshcharles you dont really tweet pics. why not?
@xmeelycormier sure!
congrats again to @jtimberlake. killed it tonight. whereas i broke a sweat giving an intro. #mtvvma
happy 30th birthday to my pal @kathielgifford!
ill always love you, gary.
this september, tread lightly. #jokingbad #latenight
.@theroots and i gave derek jeter 3 new songs to walk up to the plate with. what's your call?
i played for boston for a season. that year was magic. always a giant place in my heart for the red sox. #feverpitch #dirtdogs
@david_brody gonna be fun.
.@latenightjimmy is live tweeting now!!
ladysmith snack mambazo sings about pringles
jeff bezos, the ceo of amazon, just bought the washington post. and since he bought it before 11 am, he got same-day delivery. #fallonmono
thank you, web site button that says forgot my password, for basically being my password. #thankyounotefriday
everybody get up! listen for @blackthought s new rhymes just for this version! blurred lines.
music room: robin thicke, @theroots and i sing blurred lines using grade school instruments.
"balls in your mouth" goes country -- @bradpaisley sings our oil spill protest song.
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a funny rap about sharks and tag with #sharkrap. could be on our show!
there's a new iphone app that breaks up with your significant other. it's called words with let's just be friends. #fallonmono
brian williams raps "good vibrations"
thank you, ruffles, for being pringles that decided to put on corduroys. #thankyounotefriday
thank you @jayleno and everyone at @jaylenotonight for the fun mention on the show. we loved it!
first anthony weiner was on twitter, then facebook. i heard even his linkedin resume just says, you up? #fallonmono
my wife and i thank you for all of the nice baby well wishes. her first day was the best day of our lives. so happy. thanks again.
icymi: jesse and the rippers reunite!
here we go #jesseandtherippers on #latenightfallon change your channels. #nbc thanks @johnstamos
thank you, mcgruff, for looking like a dog whos either about to fight crime or flash me. #thankyounotefriday
@ctv_television: congratulations! #emmy i love ctv!!
it's so hot, the statue of liberty went topless. #itssohot
this weekend over 13,000 people went skinny dipping for a world record. or as 13,000 men put it, really? no women at all? #fallonmono
we had mets all-star @mattharvey33 ask new york fans about...matt harvey. and they had no idea it was him.
@marissa519 i loved your card. thanks!
experts say eliot spitzer could hurt anthony weiner's mayoral chances. spitzer said, "see? i'm makin' things better already!" #fallonmono
find funny stuff you come across on the web, screen grab it, and send it to us  we might put it on the show:
mexico has passed the u.s. as the world's most obese country. don't worry--twinkies are coming back next week, so we'll be fine. #fallonmono
i am frightened to know that our animal expert @jeffanimalguy will be returning to the show tonight.
.@tomcruise im ready for a rematch whenever you are. #newgame
kim and kanye have named their daughter north west. or as southwest airlines put it, please don't have a second child. #fallonmono
tonight: @woodelijah, @grantbowler, music from the yeah yeah yeahs (@yyys) and #videogameweek continues with @callofduty ghosts. #latenight
@frankay213: jf, you hear that microsoft changed their mind about game sharing and internet requirement? thanks, sony! we did it!
brad pitt and i have a #yodel conversation.
tonight we've got @howardstern, @alyssa_milano + we kick off late night video game week with xbox one and @anamanaguchi!! #latenight #lnjf
my new favorite comedian @natebargatze
@iamstevent on @howardstern is fantastic. (essence of steam) ha.
tebowie returns
becoming bowie. thanks @cyndieloulou and @cbennies. #tebowie #how2
jacob's patience with @sethrogen pt. 1
great show tonight!! @sethrogen, @jeffreytambor, music from @thelumineers. #latenight #lnjf
jamie king teaches me and russell crowe how to dance like michael jackson. tonight on #latenight.
thank you, whale watchers, or as whales call you, stalkers. #thankyounotefriday
brian williams raps warren g
in honor of the 30th anniversary of @readingrainbow, here's our doors cover of the theme song
promo for tonights show.
tonight on the show: glenn close, @dolph_lundgren, music from @portugaltheman and the return of the ragtime gals! #latenight #lnjf
tonight: ethan hawke, rose byrne and bruce jenner. plus, music from @savagesband and the battle of the instant songwriters! #latenight #lnjf
story to come tomorrow. #thereisbloodinthesalsa
happy memorial day to all of the men and women who have served our country.
#gameofdesks
yes. let keep going.
thank you, atm fees, for allowing me to buy my own money. #thankyounotefriday
.@80miles game of desks #gameofdesks
tonight we've got @_juliannemoore, @jessetyler and chef @dannybowien. plus, your #worstcarieverhad tweets! #latenight #lnjf
just saw world war z. sooo much better than world war a-y. #worldwarz
no cgi was used on game of desks. thats all higgins. see it this friday on late night. #gameofdesks
game of desks @questlove #gameofdesks this friday on #latenight
game of desks this friday on late night. #gameofdesks
posted a new ask jimmy - send in more qs via @tumblr and i'll keep answering them.
it's been a rough week for president obama. he was like, how could things get any worse?! then joe biden was like, you rang? #fallonmono
the spanx founder is giving half of her fortune to charity. she said, i'll be finethings are just gonna get a little tighter. #fallonmono
tonight: bradley cooper, portia de rossi, celebrity apprentice's @liljon and @lisarinna  + new music from @vampireweekend. #latenight #lnjf
.@mindykaling i asked jamie lannister about you. he says hi.
let's play the hashtag game! tweet a funny, weird, or embarrassing thing your mom has said and tag with #momquotes. could be on our show!
tonight: @johnkrasinski, @eliroth, @floydmayweather and music from @thebreeders! #latenight #lnjf
great show tonight! steve martin (@stevemartintogo) and edie brickell + @jennafischer + marilu henner (@therealmarilu). #latenight #lnjf
dominos now has a live webcam that shows pizzas being made. (1/2)
fans of the smiths: heres johnny marr  performing how soon is now from #latenight last night.
tonight! sir ben kingsley, @kalpenn and music from @johnny_marr! #latenight #lnjf
facebook's mark zuckerberg is only taking a one-dollar salary this year. or as tom from myspace put it, you and me both, pal. #fallonmono
@realmikefox: batali throws his driver at jimmy
rt @rickygervais my rich musical past with @jimmyfallon
after my check-up, my doctor asked me to give him a positive yelp review because all his other reviews were bad. #mydoctorisweird
im loving this song by @phosphorescent right now. you? #latenight
congrats to @saraschaefer1 and @nikkiglaser on the second season pick-up for #nikkiandsaralive! so happy for you guys!!
@iangailagher: @jimmyfallon dvrs?! we all watch your show live obviously! the best way to watch it.
thank you to all of my fans, especially the falpals and everyone at @time #time100 #whatanhonor
congrats @oprah and @owntv on a lot of trending tonight!
the quidditch world cup is this weekend. fans say it's fun, while their parents say, when are you gonna move out of the house?" #fallonmono
so excited to have @billcosby back on the show tonight!! #latenight
free cone day!!! im sure if you ask @benandjerrys nicely, they will give you late night snack. #freeconeday
then michelle said, well, here's another one: what's black and white and sleeps on the couch?" (2/2) #fallonmono
about to go onstage with headgie13. #seriousfun
hashtag game! tweet a funny or weird idea you have for something you wish existed and tag with #whydonttheymakethat. could be on our show!
i like him, he likes me, were okay.
congrats to @r_xmas25 and syracuse!! #aprilmadness #finalfour
number one trending on twitter. we will announce the winners tomorrow. #chickeneers #falloneasteregg
oh - this is happening as well tonight. @blakeshelton #chickeneers #hohey
i miss justin.
lets get ice-t (@finallevel) to 450,000! #lawandordersvu hes on the show tonight with @nerdist and @littlegreencars.
.@patrickstump lets do this.
good day to everyone. heres to this week being a memorable one.
there was a huge upset last night in the ncaa tournament when 14-seeded harvard beat number 3 new mexico. (1/2)
which will get really weird when everyone in the next jurassic park movie has to run away from emily. #fallonmono (2/2)
tonight, drew barrymore is on the show! plus, thandie newton and music from @brandicarlile. #latenight #fun #thursday
mario kart love song by sam hart (sung by @selenagomez and me)
the always great @selenagomez is on the show tonight. we're gonna do something fun. can't wait. #latenight
after such a great week with @jtimberlake what better way to end it with history of rap and a best of mix from jt. tonight! #latenight #nbc
from last night: @jtimberlake channeling earth, wind and fire's "shining star" in his new song "let the groove get in".
it was announced today that miley cyrus and her fianc, liam hemsworth, broke up. yep, he cited "irreconcilable haircuts." #fallonmono
day 3 of #justintimberweek coming up tonight. more @jtimberlake + @stevecarell + abigail breslin (@yoabbaabba) + a special guest. #latenight
from last night, @jtimberlake's amazing "pusher love girl"
so excited for new week of late night!!! justin timberlake will play a new song every night. maybe a few sketches? #timberweek #nbc
my handwriting has never been great. i once signed thanks for watching for a fan and they thought it said thanks for nothing.
not feeling well. home. sick. need a book recommendation. what shall i read?
great, memorable anniversary show!! every guest was fantastic and prince broke kirks guitar. #latenight
new spending cuts allowed 300 illegal immigrants to be released from jail in arizona. or as officials put it, "catch ya later." #fallonmono
worked in the produce department. needed to reach something on the top shelf, didn't have ladder. climbed on heads of lettuce. #howigotfired
tonight we've got @realdonaldtrump + rebecca hall + comedian jon glaser + music from @ofwgkta's tyler, the creator. #latenight
not sure if i like the weird booth. (winners/losers ) #oscars
"evolution of mom dancing" with michelle obama (@flotus) so fun.
.@flotus heres my game face. whats yours?
just saw the who with @gerardbradford at nassau c. they schooled us.
tonight: my former bff for six months @stephenathome, @andersonanthony, a demo of the new #playstation4 + comedian james adomian. #latenight
excited to announce the playstation 4 will be on @latenightjimmy tomorrow night! live demo of killzone: shadow fall!! #latenight #ps4 #whoo
hashtag game! tweet out a fake sequel title to an oscar movie from any year and tag with #badoscarsequels. could be on our show!
yesterday, michael jordan turned 50! and scottie pippen actually helped him blow out his candles, but nobody seemed to notice. #fallonmono
thank you, travel mugs, for being convenient for about 20 minutes and then being something i have to carry around all day. #thankyounotes
big show tonight: talking about the new die hard movie - bruce willis is on late night!!!
ended my very first date by saying, "take it easy." and then my dad drove me home. #awkwarddate
also - it turns out this wasn't a rectal thermometer. #flu2013
tomorrow's the first day of lent. some catholics give up chocolate, some give up alcohol, and one is giving up being pope. #fallonmono
we were at joe strummer's table when we got the news. #mollys thank you!!!!!
jim gaffigan's "mr. universe"


such an honor to be nominated for the best comedy album #grammy with all the other amazing nominees. all are deserving. go buy them all.
rt@shoemakermike: we saw @benjaminapple do this sketch at ucb and had to have it on our show. jason schwartzman  
i dont know why nbc/youtube would stop canada and uk from seeing clips. so sorry. im looking into it. we love you guys.
not on here in ny yet. ugh. #latenight
harlem shake (@latenightjimmy edition)
nyc mayor bloomberg is considering a ban on styrofoam cups. at this point i'm starting to think 7-11 slept with his girlfriend. #fallonmono
the federal reserve was just hacked. it's bad  they say the hackers could've stolen as much as negative 14 trillion dollars. #fallonmono
tonight: @justinbieber! @naomicampbell! music from @localnatives! and the return of downton sixbey! #latenight
viewers thought the worst super bowl ad was godaddy where bar rafaeli made out with a nerd. or as the nerd said yeah, so what? #fallonmono
budweiser has done it again. well done. #clydesdales
time to play guess the napkin!
here's the full length version of our ad for @lincolnmotorco. watch and see how you helped #steerthescript:
a california zoo said its monkey picked the 49ers to win the super bowl. not surprisingly, its deer picked ray lewis' ravens. #fallonmono
#meaningoflife
fun show tonight: lucy liu, billy gardell, new music from @ultra1sta + the return of late night shout outs.
we're back! tonight: @nbcnews's brian williams (@bwilliams), max greenfield (@iamgreenfield) + music from the animals' @ericburdon. #ohyeah
thanks to whiteface, lake placid lodge, maui north and the locals in lake placid, ny. i shall return.
tonight: jessica chastain, @joshgad, alan zweibel, music from @joyformidable and thank you notes. #latenight #friday
manti te'o may have made up a girlfriend then lied about her death. or as he put it, i'm gonna have to talk to oprah aren't i?" #fallonmono
if you like tv shows about young families - guys with kids in on tonight at 8:30 on nbc. thanks!
@mary_jondle thank you.
big week for #steerthescript - heres an update on our @lincolnmotorco spot!
this weekend, the ravens beat the broncos in 2 ot. not saying it went too long, but even jodie foster was like wrap it up! #fallonmono
rt @billmaher: oh fuck, @jimmyfallon and i wound up exchanging the same re gifted gifts we re gifted last year!
obama came under fire from the gop over the lack of diversity in his cabinet. obama was like you know i'll be there too right?" #fallonmono
you said frank ocean's album was your favorite. then i caught you on the elevator listening to the grey's anatomy soundtrack. #slapyourself
new sugarboy (kid with a super creative and funny mind hyped up on sugar) by the talented @danopsal is up.
tonight! betty white (@bettymwhite), jeff ross (@realjeffreyross) and the tv debut of @skyferreira. plus, beard styles. #latenight
@joemartinelli: @jimmyfallon go with the monkey tail! what is that?
@realjefflee: @jimmyfallon is that you singing the theme song to #guyswithkids ? yep!
last night, fred armisen and i talked about some of the old bands we were in together.
the guy lifting weights next to me was kicked out of the gym for grunting too loud. #myweirdgymstory
two things: 1) should i shave my new beard before tonights show? and 2) guys with kids is back tonight at 8:30 on nbc.
my dog gary's first snow day.
about to season my first cast iron skillet. 6 times @ 500 for 1 hour. #saturdaynight #instagramwillprobablys
tonight's the last show before christmas! the very funny paul rudd, my pal @mariobatali and christmas music from @rodstewart! #lnjf
@g10lafleur soon.
we've reused our decorations so much that last year it was just scotch tape hanging up old pieces of scotch tape. #weirdholidaytradition
sorry, guys with kids returns jan. 2. so enjoy miss universe with your family tonight, instead!
new sugarboy! kung fu mom
abc may base a show on @justinbiebers life before he got famous. because theres just so much we dont know about that week. #fallonmono
cops broke up a fight between 2 neighbors named hall and oates. when they heard sirens, they were like, oh-oh here they come! #fallonmono
my dad's christmas gift. i hope he likes it! #badgift. post a #badgift pic on instagram and we'll put it on
"i'm santa and i know it"  #newholidaysongs
.@macklemore and @ryanlewis are ridiculous tonight. #thriftshop
tonight: anne hathaway, roger waters, robert smigel and @macklemore and @ryanlewis. 12:37e on @nbc. #latenight
mick jagger is the coolest.
this is it! last q: if you could take a road trip anywhere, real or imaginary, where would you go? keep tweeting til 8pm est #steerthescript
great show tonight: tom selleck, @richardbranson, music from @tanlines and @michaelbuble unveils his new all-humming holiday album.
thanks for the road trip tweets -- keep them coming!  here's a quick message from me:
@soulcookingsoul: cute show! my first time watching it tonight. brings back memories as my boys are older now. (22 and 16) thank you!
ha ha. dont watch the monologue tonight. rt @ryanseacrest: found waldo rt @mariahcarey + classroom instruments!
tonight: @mariahcarey + theroots + classroom instruments. so fun.
lincoln hired me to write a big commercial and i need you guys to help me. 
looks like deadmau5 made my breakfast. good morning.
happy thanksgiving. robert pattinson is bothered. #thanksgiving #latenight
but completely ignored snow black and snow latino. (2/2) #fallonmono
barbershop quartet sings direalshaggy's "it wasn't me"
"super baste" #newthanksgivingsongs
the post office lost a record 15.9 billion dollars last year. personally i blame the guy who tried to mail 15.9 billion dollars. #fallonmono
congratulations to everyone at guys with kids on their peoples choice award nomination for best new tv come
@malcolm_mex: gotta get my diamond collection album by @jimmyfallon its hitting for $800 lol yo - its worth it. its the dc
the president of microsoft windows is stepping down after 23 years. his resignation letter just said control-alt-delete. #fallonmono
the sitcom that i produce, guys with kids has a brand new episode tonight, wednesday 8:30 est on nbc. please dvr, tivo, intonow, zeebox
lady kathryn from downton sixby is a rockette. congrats beth! (@browniejdnyc) #openingnight
goodbye birkan. thanks.@birkanbass: hi jimmy, my name is birkan and turkey enjoy watching you.
take care of yourself. goodbye...
a few geese flew over my house to wish me a happy sunday. #thebirds
robert pattinson got wet tonight on late night. #latenight
hashtag game! tweet out a time you got caught doing something funny, weird or embarrassing and tag with #igotcaught. could be on our show!
christina aguilera and the roots perform "your body" using only office supplies.
any fans of @therealxtina - turn on nbc now. trust me. you will enjoy. #latenight
performing tonight with @billyjoel and steven tyler (@iamstevent) for the @nbc hurricane #sandy telethon. tune in tonight at 8/7c. #sandyhelp
mayor bloomberg just endorsed president obama and biden. but only because he needed 2 passengers in his car to get into manhattan. #fallonmono
.@ryanseacrest r. kelly would be proud. tonight on #latenight
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something funny you would do if you
were president and tag w/ #ifiwerepresident. could be on our show!
here comes the sun! #nyc @ 30 rockefeller plaza
everyone in tonight's studio audience gets a free ben and jerry's ice cream. #latenight #wehave10peopleinourau
east coasters stay safe - watch the news and look for updates. #sandy
fitt romney #diyhalloween hey guys! we're trying a new bit on the show using instagram. post a pic of a hall
after the big debate on monday, @barackobama and @mittromney had a post-debate hang session.
tonight @tomhanks performs slam poetry about the 90s sitcom full house. #fullhanks
new guys with kids tonight 8:30 nbc. check it.
phoenix wright - a video game where you play a lawyer - is now avail for iphone. it is one of my favorites.
tonight: my pal tina fey, @oquinnterry (terry o'quinn) and music from @elliegoulding. plus, the return of these guys:
.@cesarmillan gave my dog a treat. it's bigger than her!!!
@benaffleck:  im a looper. #argo ok, cool, then ill go see it this weekend. congrats brother!
nice @jerryseinfeld reference on #icarly tonight.
i am freaking out!!!! i love icarly!!!
icarly premiere tonight at 8pm on nickelodeon! #icarly #newicarlytonight
late nights take on jim lehrer getting steamrolled during the debates.
my friend told me that "jurassic park" was based on a true story. #factcheck
.@andersoncooper you were great! rt @nikkifinke high-brow anderson cooper on low-brow honey boo boo and n.j. housewives
tonight on @latenightjimmy: liam neeson, @joannalgarcia and new music from @mattandkim. #mday
both obama and romney camps are asking voters to "not get too excited" for the debates. or as voters put it, way ahead of ya! #fallonmono
tonight: modern family's @sofiavergara, homeland's damian lewis (@lewis_damian) and sandwich king @jeffmauro.
thank you for watching! #guyswithkids
i told a lady she had a bug on her face. turned out it was a mole. #oopsmybad
boozeday tuesday with @klgandhoda!
this is my new puppy. her name is gary. she's my new best friend.
tonight: jake gyllenhaal, password with penny marshall, music from @realbobbywomack + damon albarn. also, thank you notes and night news now!
best belated bday present ever! all of the tv specials by @stevemartintogo. i wish every day was the day aft
on the show tonight: my pal maya rudolph, @daveannable10, music from @theavettbros and @sesamestreet's elmo!
mitt romney responds to the 47% controversy
the designer of the iphone bought a $17m mansion. too bad the new house won't be compatible with furniture from the old one. #fallonmono
a new member of the family.
@nicolb @tavitulle very smart.
on tonight's show, emma watson (@emwatson), @tonydanza, cooking with @chefsymon + an all new head swap with @ellenbarkin! #heaaaadswap
#dunkthebaby
our show - guys with kids is on tonight at 10pm, nbc. its cute. i hope you like it. #guyswithkids
thanks to my pals at fruit roll ups for the emmy. this counts, right?
tonight on @latenightjimmy: @blakeshelton
us open champ @serenawilliams, @andrewrannells + music by david byrne and @st_vincent.
here comes honey bubba
.@michelleobama is being praised for her dnc speech last night. everyone was impressed. even fox news called it "not the worst." #fallonmono
tonight on all-new with @kirstendunst, rnc keynote speaker and @springsteen fan nj @govchristie and @jason_mraz 12:35/11:35c #latenight
tonight on all-new with @kirstendunst, @govchristie and @jason_mraz 12:35/11:35c on @nbc #latenight
barbershop quartet meets reggae. #girlimgonnamakeyousweat
liv tyler before she got dental work.  (and me too)
so proud of my sister-in-law sarah meikle (@meiklie) check her out in the september issue of glamour.
im loving these pictures! thank you broadway!! #sip
friday nights show is: @nancypelosi, @joejonas, music by @2chainz and thank you notes. #latenight
i promise to make one direction go in two, possibly three, directions. #mycampaignpromise
hashtag game! tweet out something you'd promise to do if you were running for president and tag w/ #mycampaignpromise. could be on our show!
fun show tonight: leslie mann (@lesliejmann), dolph lundgren and new music from grimes (@grimezsz)!
thank you london!! great job hosting the olympics. #olympics #imbarrygibb
pleasure to meet my lord @hughbon. #downtonabby #london #olympics
off to london with @shoemakermike. i bet @iamcolinquinn can see us on tv!
beautiful!!! london!!! #2012londonolympicceremony
yolo!!! right everybody? nom nom nom nom nom
our comedy album, blow your pants off is on itunes now!
up early good morning!
i love you guys. i love my fans. i love the internet. thanks for a fun night. nbc
for the record this slow jam reversed the congress suggestion. we kept it low. #wemadehistory
eddie vedder. now. nbc
reading rainbow by the doors.
walk of shame. #jimmyfallonsprimestimemusicspecial
ohhhh snap!!! tebowie!!! tim tebow and david bowie combined!!!!
tweetbot just broke on my phone!!! so fun!!! ha!!! carly rae j coming up!! #nbc now.
yaaaaahhhh right now!!! nbc jimmy fallons primetime music special!!!! #happysummer
follow @latenightjimmy - we will be live tweeting the jimmy fallons primetime music special tonight at 10pm eastern on nbc.
hashtag game! tweet a funny or embarrassing sports story about you or someone you know and tag w/ #notanolympian. could be on our show!
thank you @guywithkids cast and show runners. and thank you everyone in the room at #tca12. im excited for our premiere sept. 26th!
new show tonight with matthew @mcconaughey, carla gugino and music from r. kelly - @rkelly! #latenight
its always been my dream to host snl.  i cant help but get emotional.
the knicks let jeremy lin go to the houston rockets. if that werent bad enough  they had jason kidd drive him to the airport. #fallonmono
@ljak07 thank you!
next wednesday night - best musical pieces from our show! call me maybe, tebowie, mccartney, springsteen, timberlake! tivo/dvr nbc!
i called it. #missadvised
@alexanderludwig: @jimmyfallon 
new show tonight with: @woodelijah, freida pinto, james murphy - @lcdsoundsystem, @bigjayoakerson and @realdougefresh. #latenight
all new at the bar with roger federer will be on in 20 minutes!!! nbc late night
@livekelly i was blurry for the next 3 hours and i only got 1 pie.
we love you @sesamestreet!
.@frank_ocean on the show tonight. tune in for a big announcement about his new album.
3 days in a row running/walking. now limping. #c25kupdate
@tessepp:  you are killing it on sesame st.  #natureprovides #totalcrush thats what im talking about. thanks.
its rumored hoda kotb could become matt lauers co-anchor. which explains the new segment where in the world is jack daniels? #fallonmono
@jenstatsky's photo
the @briangrazer old school photo bomb found in my dressing room. well played.
@piersmorgan: every week? rt @jimmyfallon thanks again, @piersmorgan. next week? done.
@klausfuture: lucky. all my apps ever tell me is stuff like im not in moldova. thats a useful app.
thank you guys for watching. thanks @youtube and thanks @justinbieber. his special is on nbc now. #glass story
hey everyone, tonight i ask @justinbieber your questions live on @youtube. it all starts at 7pm et right here:
@themwagon: @jimmyfallon kristen just divorced you as her bestie never. were friends to the end.
not sure what walking speed on treadmill is (3.3?) or running speed (6.2?) but - im 185lbs and i got my lionheart badge. (???) #5kupdate
#itssohot that the statue of liberty has pit stains.
#criticschoice thank you. we all are so lucky.
@borntorunnergrl: just heard @jimmyfallon "reading rainbow" playing at the pizza place!! that's awesome. what pizza place?
@waterbil: surfer on acid is so yum. it will be my drink of summah. thanks @jimmyfallon! fun.
theres talk obama will endorse legalizing weed in oct. which explains why he moved out of the white house and into white castle #fallonmono
the evolution of dad dancing
dad went swimming and left money in his pocket. he tried to dry it in the microwave and burned $300 to a crisp. #thatsmydad
@mtaw_4mj: hey jimmy, will the blow your pants off album be available at cd stores/on itunes in australia ?:) it better be.
at @qvc with @50cent and rick right now.
@2ndbase: history of rap for me, closely followed by scrambled eggs with @paulmccartney #blowyourpantsoff that ones up there!
fun show tonight - maggie gyllenhaal, andy cohen (@bravoandy), @alescovedo and halo 4 demo. #videogameweek
today is here!!! our comedy album #blowyourpantsoff is available!! so excited!
when you hear karaoke @axlrose you quickly realize how awesome the real @axlrose is.
we're live on youtube! im performing songs from "blow your pants off" and answering your questions.
@ryanseacrest: come host @americantop40 this wknd. i dont think i have time to get my hair frosted. #requirement #ok #illdoit
done! now off to work. new show tonight fun things planned.
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a weird or funny story from a family vacation and tag with #worstfamilytrip. could be on our show!
@gavinpurcell: all: next week is video game week. live demos of cod: blops2, halo 4, the last of us, madden 2013 and the wii u. favorite?
late night tonight: @sparker and @shawnfanning intro new video chatroom - airtime. check it out:
this friday im doing a live concert on youtube - live june 8 at 8pm et! blow your pants off comes out next tuesday.
@sarag91990: i was playing draw something with my brother and this came up . . .
@jakethejohnson: @jimmyfallon skeef ha! yes. #surfernames
gonna hook up with a surfer gang. i need a cool nickname thrid? caster?lance?
check out our choose your adventure tour of our show on you tube!!
best.
.@questlove has some good acting coming up. our downton abbey spoof #downtonsixbey airs tonight!!
.@iamcolinquinn is a menace to society.
@lucasmusicguy21 advil and applesauce
thank you notes 2 is finally available!! check your local bookstore or get limited music chip editions on ww
a study found that congress speaks at a 10th-grade level. then congress issued a statement saying "that is totes redonkulous. #fallonmono
@onlyhere4jimmy: @jimmyfallon @cortexthekiller oh crap.  he may have just woke the snake! #dontwakethesnake you drinkin' my sake kemosabe?
@cortexthekiller: @jimmyfallon mayor grimble declared my pants the tightest in all the land!! that cannot be true.
.@therock i was close, right? i guessed "little rock" #theblessing #djpackage
it's sad to part, but i know i'll see each one of you again someday -- probably on facebook after you've gotten fat. #mygraduationspeech
thank you for the shout out joe! @wcbsfm
guys with kids (the new sitcom that i'm producing with @amyozols) has a time slot!!! wednesdays @ 8:30. sneak peek:
tonight i will have chat time with stephen colbert (@stephenathome), @nickcannon and music by @bigkrit. #latenight
the jets mark sanchez and tim tebow went to dinner. it was awkward  the waiter was like, so, did you pick a starter? #fallonmono
watch @howardstern on late night tonight!
a woman found her long lost brother on craigslist. it wouldve been sweet, if they hadnt met in the casual encounters section. #fallonmono
late night now! opening with @thebeachboys singing "in my room" check it out.  #beachboys #latenight
at the eif revlon run/walk with @oliviawilde and @stonenobrien in times square here in nyc.
sat. is cinco de mayo and the kentucky derby! so if you wanna combine your love of mexico and horses - order a burrito at taco bell. #fallonmono
what do celebs whisper to each other on the red carpet?
@totallyjenny15 you too!
@nitwhit0855 happy birthday!! have a great one.
while discussing iran, joe biden said that obama has a big stick." in related news, biden is now banned from the wh steam room. #fallonmono
couch to 5k it is!!! thanks everyone. i'll let you know when i start using it. (also when i quit halfway through using it)
broke my wrist trying to rollerskate backwards to glamorous life by sheila e. #mydumbinjury
our new song "walk of shame" tonight featuring dave matthews (@davejmatthews). tonight on late night #obamao
hey @jordanpeele and @keeganmkey, you might want to watch our show tonight. (trust me on this one.)
just listened to @davejmatthews rehearsal. it's a beautiful song off of the new album. #obamaonfallon tomorrow night.
leaving rome, but watch president @barackobama and me chat for an hour w/musical guest @davejmatthews. #obamaonfallon
anyone get the tebowie 7 vinyl (with doors reading rainbow) at @recordstoreday? reply with a picture! #rsd12 #blowyourpantsoff
we'll be taking some questions from you via twitter for my interview w/ president @barackobama: use #obamaonfallon & tweet away!
my new comedy album "blow your pants off" comes out june 12th!
thanks to everyone at chez black positano
record store day is april 21st get an exclusive 45 with tebowie and reading rainbow!
@stevegarfield thank you my friend!
holy hot pockets! @jimgaffigan's #mruniverse stand up is available for download.
hey if you're watching the voice right now, check out late night tomorrow night - i'll have on the eliminees!
@mariobatali @jayz @courtney epcot?
two guys slap fighting with sound effects. @arthurmeyer13 and @johnwhaskell
first day on the beach in fl, my friend got sun poisoning. he spent the rest of break reading the hobbit in the bathtub. #springbreakmistake
@shanacottphotos i thank ya!
paul newman's hole in the wall camps are now called the seriousfun children's network. @seriousfuncamps
the filming of guys with kids is complete. thank you kareem abdul jabbar (@kaj33)!!
watch tonight to see if your hashtag made it & see a new commercial with @charliesheen. #latenightwithjimmyfallon #clone
fun show tonight - susan sarandon, @adrianalima, international singing superstar patrizio (@piazzabuanne) & maybe a cameo. #winning
my friend once put an ad in the paper saying i was looking to buy new kids on the block tour jackets and put my phone number. #bestprankever
13 million kids get bullied every year. today take a stand at
i read that mattel is planning to release a hunger games barbie doll. its pretty cool. #fallonmonologue
best couple. #mostlikelyto
higgins is back tonight. and he's on fire! #misshim #latenight
actual quote just now from @80miles: "here's a 100% true story about these khakis." #zzzzz
by the way @wendyliebman is one of my favorite comedians. please follow her or at least watch her tonight if you've never seen. #latenight
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out something embarrassing, stupid, or weird you once did and tag with #imanidiot. could be on our show!
@kurtdecker nice shooting my man!
@derosaville: why don't you see if you can get rick santorum on your incredibly fabulous late night show @ricksantorum is he in town?
@newdaytalk thanks.
looks like pretty good reviews for this "comedy night."
happy birthday @sarahmariasilva! have the best day ever.
finally, @gourdough's for a cinnamon sugar. yum! #sxsw #runningtomorrow
taco truck in austin tx? or bbq?
thank you #sxsw, @nike, @easports, @vevo & @allysonfelix. so fun!!
repeat tonight - but it's the pearl jam jeremy lin show if you missed it.
death to my hometown by bruce springsteen was probably the hardest anyone has ever rocked on our show. #wreckingball
tonight could be on of the most fun shows we've ever done!! the last 5 minutes are a crazy dance party. #springsteenonfallon
@fallonite94 thank you!!
he walked into my office, aimed a marshmallow gun at my face, unloaded, then left. #mycoworkeriscrazy
from #lnjf (blog): slow jam the super pac's with brian williams and the roots
slow jam the news with brian williams tonight!! #springsteenonfallon
fix the mics.
jeremy (lin) by pearl jam.
if you are a fan of @pearljam or @nyknicks tune in to late night with jimmy fallon tonight. #linsanity
thought an innocent "drowsy" doll was going to kill her. #mysiblingisweird
of course! come on over! rt @andrewrannells: @jimmyfallon can @joshgad and i just come by and say hi? we want to be a part of broadway week!
broadway week begins tonight with @nickjonas. promo here:
its broadway week on late night. tonight watch @nickjonas perform a song from "how to succeed in business".
lebron said itd be fun to play for the cavs again. cavs fans were like, "you're a jerk, youre a traitor & when can you start?" #fallonmono
the new update for my wake up call app is live! 22 new calls, bug fixes and of course, a 7 hour snooze!
i think our show is on soon.
tonight: @realdonaldtrump @idriselba, @jakeowen, @deesnider, @teresa_giudice & @stephenathome tricks me, but i trick him back.
tonight we do a live cupid's arrow with a member of the audience.
adele, lady a and bon iver.
so fun. #gramms
exclusive: justin vernon of bon iver stopped by to play "perth" with the roots
friend on date, got a flat. date had to change tire cause he didn't know how to. #myworstvalentine
hashtag game! tweet out something funny or embarrassing that happened on valentine's day and tag w/ #myworstvalentine. could be on our show!
whoo-hoo!! we did it!!! thanks for the tweets and thanks for watching!!
new york and indianapolis are partying right now!!! congrats giants!!!
feels like hashtags are jumping the shark. #jumpingtheshark
if you have a rowdy rag at the game,  at the 3 minute warning wave it over your head like crazy.
new york *city, nbc, studio 6b, late night with me, jimmy fallon. how you like me now?! #phew #fallonaftershow
never say never, never *ever*, ever*wood*, evan *rachel* wood, *tiger* woods
finished rehearsals for our live sunday show after #sb46. game of madden with @gavinpurcell 1st before nfl awards.
from #lnjf (blog): .@jerryrice and @tonygonzalez88 perform the "you complete me" scene from jerry maguire. funny.
watch @jerryrice & @tonygonzalez88 perform the "you had me at hello" scene from jerry maguire. #latenight
tonight we have @adamlevine, @nas, guest anncr @michaelstrahan
taylor lautner, @drewbrees & real housewives of indianapolis. #latenight
inside the theater. #latenight
.@jeffanimalguy brings some crazy animals by the show tonight and a baboon that trashes dr. oz's dressing room.
preview of our show tonight.
new #latenight tonight. but first..
performing tonight with some of @latenightjimmy writers @cloweshall. come by!! 7 pm show.
just finished another long day of pre-tapes. super bowl shows are gonna be fuuuuuuun!!! #goingtoindy
.@gloriafallon123's "the devil wears pull-ups"
@scottcbakken ahhh i forgot!!
@lahoffa3 oh yeah!! i forgot to bring that up!!! so right. ha.
my friend's stepdad makes everyone listen to him sing "don't stop believing" before every giants game. #gamedaysuperstition
lionel richie's "hello" (done with movie clips) funny.
@apple_ash: was his 'act' planned? yes.
if anyone is going to gillette stadium tonight, please tweet me if they play tebowie on the jumbotron.
tebowie.
tim tebow + david bowie = tebowie.
fun game of catchphrase w @rosie o'donnell
omg we won a peoples choice award!!!!! what?!?!? thank you #falpals and everyone who voted!!! thank you people!!
hashtag game! tweet something funny or embarrassing that happened with a text message and tag w/ #textingdisaster. could be on our show!
send in your videos and be part of our superbowl week!! could be in your backyard - wherever.
@cammienelson happy birthday!
@pattyramos987: so i'm watching and @jimmyfallon i must say, i love you. i love you too. thank you!
mitt romney thanks his 8 voters who put him over the top personally.
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out some funny or weird thing your mom once said and tag with #momquotes. could be on our show!
@realpurplehays: @jimmyfallon how's grandma? you wouldn't believe it if i told you.
karate. #karate
@jimmysamurai would you mind? thanks.
listening to best of howard stern on sirrius/xm. 100. hilarious. so good.
thanks apple for making my wake up call a featured app! get it or gift it here:
complete holiday episode of snl (including monologue) is available now.
you're welcome. @jessicaaraee: "hey, have a great day & know that anyone u meet today is lucky to meet someone as awesome as u." thanks!
@mlebair13 thanks my man.
no. brand new shows all week. @1gapeach2: @jimmyfallon @joshuatopolsky is it a rerun??
i wanna get kangaroo bounce shoes for running. any advice on which one to get?
late night is all new this week. talking about dragon tattoos with rooney tonight and tom cruise tomorrow. he should sing, right?
@xoxjoellenxox happy birthday!!!
@leahrj monologue and (always) goodnights
@perlapell love you paula! thanks for the mono. xoxo
thanks to everyone at asiate restaurant in mandarin oriental hotel for the cool breakfast surprise.
at friday snl rehearsals. cast is great, writers are great. it's gonna be a fun show tomorrow night. #dec17snl
at snl. looking through scripts before read through. #dec17snl
heading into pitch meeting with the writers and cast at saturday night live. #dec17snl
@trinidadeloy that was also on the list - time crunch. next time. i'll be back!
off to chicago. 9:30 show tonight!
anyone ever play quirkle? fun game.
i am hosting saturday night live with michael buble on dec. 17th. set your dvr's. set your buble's.
maya rudolph sings a holiday duet.
i'm taking over @americantop40 this weekend. find out what stations
@ryanseacrest i think she does a versh'. i got this. seacrest out, fallon in. #at40takeover
press conference: herman cain denies future allegations.
promo for tonight.
reggae legend jimmy cliff & the roots perform "the harder they come"
promo for the show tonight.
@noreservations i can't get enough of that stuff. the sandwiches are the best part. a little cran, stuffing even mashed all up in there.
@bespokesounds you were great! thank you!!
@anotherpurewal hi-ya.
cupid's arrow - a video dating service from the 80's
new cupid's arrow. tonight. #latenight also m83 and michele bachmann
@brooksstephen pure farrelly brothers.
@jjohn10369 thanks! i just saw that it's a tt. awesome!
so happy from the response for the "jog strap." it will be online soon. #latenight
password with michael stipe, the muppets and martin short is hilarious. tonight in late night.
"jagged little pilgrim"  #newthanksgivingsongs
@wickysham it's fun. i'm psyched.
@edward_burns i can't get the brothers mcmullen on apple tv or netflix or anything. ideas?
@geoffkeegan never.
the doors sing reading rainbow
tonight: sandler, chris martin, beyonce and if you like reading rainbow... #latenight
@fatime120 better. back on monday.
watch the show tonight - @kathygriffin, hashtags and david chang. thanks. #momofuku #latenight
thanks.
i'm 37 years old. they still call me "the baby." #mycrazyfamily
fun show tonight with @mmflint, @mxtrjoshcharles and @chromeo. #latenight
kim kardashian is having 2nd thoughts about her divorce. even brett favre was like, make a decision and stick with it already! #fallonmono
new roots track "make my"
air supply rocks "all out of love" on the show tonight. annnd new ep of cupid's arrow. #jose
a judge just sentenced lindsay lohan to 30 days in jail. or as kim kardashian put it, "30 days?? that's, like, four marriages!" #fallonmono
also look for herman cain (@bashirsala) to make an an announcement on the sexual harassment accusations tonight. #latenight #nbc
@iheartjimmynet happy halloween.
@kelly_clarkson done. love it!
turn to nbc right now! #historyofrap3
history of rap 3. tonight on late night. #raptrilogy #latenight #nbc
@housejd sure, it's an option.
selena gomez & justin bieber adopted a dog. not to be outdone, brad pitt & angelina jolie adopted selena gomez & justin bieber. #fallonmono
@nerdist i will try. thanks!
new late night tonight!! brand spanking new!!
let's go jets! one beer down. hanging with @chefsymon & @mariobatali. #needwings
the bridge school is awesome. they help children with severe physical and speech impairments. text bridge to 80888. #supportbridgeschool
stuck in ny. gonna miss @bridgeconcert. bummer.
@k1bedore you're awesome. thanks.
we are on repeats this week. but that means thank you notes on early!! #latenight
annnd... a fresh, unopened bananagrams that i found!
@anotherpurewal there will be more tests after this one. don't sweat it.
thanks for the tt!! #yeahididthat
fun show tonight - samuel l. jackson fun announcement, dylan mcdermott, ra ra riot & shout outs.
from #lnjf (blog): tonight's gop debate is gonna be intense! #latenight
who wants to play? i'm on xbox live. latenightjimmy - madden? ask me.
if you love music - you must know what judas priest has done. but if you want to get an entry into metal -
the cutest thing ever! kylie, the baby in our capitol one commercial, watching herself. ha!
@ejd609 thank you.
also, an old friend drops by tonight. 12:35 est on nbc. #latenight
thank you, steve jobs, for all of the fun and amazing ways you made our lives better....sent from my iphone.
we weirdly could be related. #glee #mytwitterfeedwentcrazy
hey @govchristie, want to come on the show tonight & read some jokes that we wrote about you? what have you got to lose? (insert joke here)
@levesterjohnson let's work on it!
@injunabe77 okay. we'll do another.
fun show tonight @paulscheer @sparker & @radiohead (just thom & jonny - it's amazing) #latenight
"someday" bloopers w/@justinbieber & me.
floyd fans: start dark side after the third lion roar for some fun. tonight. #latenight #pinkfloyd
the population will reach 7 billion on halloween. even more surprising, only 6 billion of them are going as sluts this year. #fallonmono
foo fighters & roger waters perform "in the flesh" from the wall
@pulmyears ha. i like that. it was pretty "boss."
@babyolive94 hello. hope you have great rest of the evening.
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something funny or embarrassing that happened at a party and tag w/ #partyfail. could be on our show!
@davidkirsch how long? 1year?
@davidkirsch 20% of my body is fat? awesome. (gross)
@lorialivingston we love @govchristie !!
governor chris christie is under a lot of pressure to run for president. also under a lot of pressure? chris christies belt. #fallonmono
@craigmcn will be rocked this week live. check it.
@austinhab yes
@clement90241 you are gonna flip. the shins kill it tonight!!
.@thegoodwife_cbs love you guys. you guys have the rare combo of awards and viewers. congrats on the premiere tonight!
charlie's angels on abc @ 8pm. watch it!!!
promo for tonight. you should watch!!
tonight on @latenightjimmy: @jonahhill, @whitneycummings and @elbowuk... 12:35/11:35c on @nbc
happy almost birthday to @mariobatali!!!
@savvyauntie thank you.
@questlove to this flight is crazy. higgins has 3 blankets.
we've got @therealzooeyd, @mayhemmiller and put it on a cracker tonight. #10secondpreview #lnjf
roadtrip!! we're coming to indy the week of the super bowl! #latenight
10 seconds of who's on our show tonight. 


let's play the hashtag game! tweet something funny or weird about one of your teachers & tag w/ #myteacherisweird. could be on our show!
shooting a new episode. #jerseyfloor
@mww93 thanks.
congrats to djokovic. great match!!
i'm @ the us open just saw mcenroe. he is the coolest. #usopen 
shout out to the roots!!
anthrax 'caught in a mosh' live on  latenight
lets play the hashtag game! tweet some funny or embarrassing reason you're still single & tag with #whyimsingle. could be on our show!
tonight's late night - promo:
lets play the hashtag game! tweet out some funny or weird thing your dad once said and tag with #dadquotes. could be on our show!
rt @huffpostcomedy: back to school do not read book list
dick cheney said his memoir will have heads exploding. especially if you read it while youre on a hunting trip with cheney. #fallonmono
tyler doesn't need to be nervous.
rt @mikebloomberg: latest update on #irene and steps nyers should take now to prepare:
@bravoandy true
i'm incredibly honored to be heading back to 8h where it all started. and by "it" i mean will ferrell's awesome movie career.
sorry, monday announcement.
this is wrong. right? 
off to the atlantis c/o bahamas stand up tonight!!! @federman you ready?
ew! (with emma stone)
i once saw a guy borrow his friend's crocs. #whodoesthat
we won!!! we won!!! 7-5. whoo-hoooo!!!
@mamalukapr thanks for coming! i'm glad you liked it!
shark week fact #4: sharks have acute sensors that can detect smell and taste.  they also have a powerful gaydar. #sharkfacts
blink is back. great idea for a video - you tube fan posts.
shark week fact #2: the first shark sighting was in 1982 by pop sensation huey lewis during his "picture this" tour. #sharkfacts
big audio dynamite! rt @bigaudiodyn: warming up in boston tonight to rock it on the @jimmyfallon  show tomorrow
black thought & @questlove + @tuneyards. gangsta.
cory monteith (@frankenteen) plays jelly donut shootout & @tuneyards performs "gangsta" #latenight not even an hour away!
beyonc performing "best thing i never had" w/ @questlove and the roots.
fran lebowitz compares the debt ceiling to football.
when i worked at a video store, my boss asked me if i wanted to switch shirts with him. umm...no? #mybossisweird
play ball!! (how many bats make it all the way to right field btw?)
happy natl ice cream month! if your local ben & jerry's (@cherrygarcia) does not carry late night snack, write your congressperson today.
here's a spotify playlist for history of rap 2.
i gotta feeling.
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out something embarrassing that happened to you and tag with #soembarrassing. could be on our show.
softball game vs @thedailyshow tonight. we're hoping to lose by less. (we'll consider that a win)
well you know what they say  when the lord taketh a weiner, he then giveth a johnson. #fallonmono
so happy right now. so proud of our show. congrats everyone who works on late night on the #emmy nom.
fell asleep listening to my ipod. woke up with a headphone-cord tanline around my left nip. and no ipod. #beachfail
watching stand by me on apple tv for the 1000th time.
cornhole, croquet, bocce and i parked my bike right in the middle. what should i play with?
this is not easy. #mooseburgerchallenge
wolfeboro lawn chair drill team #happy4th
someday. tonight on late night!
@nicklohr gracias.
my talk w/sean parker: spotify, bbses & gray hats
taking the tesla roadster back to 30 rock thanks to hertz. it's pretty fun! #electriccar
let's play the hashtag game! tweet a weird or funny story from your summer vaca and tag with #worstsummervacation. could be on our show.
backstage w/creators of call of duty: modern warfare 3.
paul williams (@ascap)- we've only just begun, rainy days & mondays, rainbow connection on #latenight tonight. #honored
happy bday to donald trump, who was born 65 years ago today! it was sweet. obama sent him a hallmark card that said, prove it. #fallonmono
celebrity whispers
call of duty: modern warefare 3 kicking off video game week this week on #latenight.
@kebdc thank you.
summer do not read list featuring latawnya, the horse that says "no" to drugs.
weiner apologizes to his "staff."
.@mymorningjacket debuting title track from their new cd "circuital" tonight!! #latenight
looking forward to all new week of late night this week.
at the bar w/ roger federer
off to universal studios hollywood (@unistudios) to host the new backlot tour ride. so excited!!!! #tramtastic
rt @cbssunday: join us for coffee and conversation with @jimmyfallon next #sundaymorning 6/12 after the show in nyc!
off to cbs sunday morning, wtf and then top it all off with a daily show appearance. it's a beautiful 120 degrees!
hanging w/@jakefogelnest on altnation #nowplaying #siriusxm
hey everyone, @amandanorthrop won our ultimate fan contest! see you at universal studios hollywood amanda.
happy happy birthday @gianaaman!
thanks everyone. let's see what happens. right now, we're number 10.
order away!! lets see if the number can go to 1 for this hour!
tonight i'm signing nooks and kindles @ barnes & noble in union square. #thankyounotesbook
i have a thank you note book experiment that i want to try. if you haven't bought the book yet... wait.
no, your cat is not adorable. and unless you physically gave birth to it, please stop calling it your "baby." #iwentthere
thanks. rt @esmatteo: i love that @boniver is singing bonnie raitt on @latenightjimmy and he gets couch time with @jimmyfallon
day before the release... #thankyounotes
the man from mars is eatin' cars. don't stop punk rock.
sheen'd
let's play the hashtag game! tweet the worst gift you or someone you know got (or gave) & tag with #worstgiftever. could be on our show.
watching snl tonight.
new! thank you notes: the book!
from #lnjf (blog): thank you notes book coming soon!!
@tkvictim05 happy 20th buddy!!
my date showed up in high heels and a spray tan. when i stood next to her, i looked like a small pale ghost boy. #promdisaster
gingrich is running for pres. im not saying he peaked in the 90s but his campaign is sponsored by tamagotchis & crystal pepsi. #fallonmono
from #lnjf (blog): kentucky derby rap #derby #kentuckyderby
played "random object shootout" w/ @thenyknicks's @carmeloanthony. not telling who wins. #latenight
amy and tina on jersey floor tonight.
she'd draw smiley faces and write little notes on bananas, then pack them in my school lunch. #mymomisnuts
donald trump: "i killed osama bin laden"
donald trump responds to bin laden news:
@nitwhit0855 happy birthday!
.@justinbieber, @jessicaalba just asked me how to spell your last name. #whaaa? #imabelieber
tonight: @sethmeyers21, @elvisduran, dispatch, hashtags & karate piata. #latenight
when i watch "pee wee's big adventure," i mute it and say all the lines myself. #dontjudgeme
