thanks, @honda, for the best gift ever - my new odyssey mini maxi van!
nelson mandela, rest in peace. what an unbelievable legacy
voting closes tonight, yo!
would you mind taking a quick minute or four and rting this: neil patrick harris #comedictvactor #peopleschoice like 86 times?
sexy beast! @davidburtka
@heeytherehannah: @actuallynph has arrived 
walt disney world, here we come!
such sad news about paul walker! its so tragic and crazy how things can just end so suddenly. my condolences to his family.
delicious meal tonight at ink (@mvoltaggio), amazing as always.
@annmarieadams29: @actuallynph is super behind! where r you fans? neil patrick harris  #comedictvactor #peopieschoice thanks. i work out.
super grateful to @mvoltaggio and all the other amazing chefs for lending their time and brawn. i was honored to be included. @thelamission
prepping the turkey for @thelamission 's annual thanksgiving meal. a wonderful organization. #thankful
toast w/ me backstage @hedwigonbway after seeing the show! bid @charitybuzz and support @theactorsfund!
erg. everyone who rtd, thanks. but i wrote it out wrong, so none counted. try again? neil patrick harris #comedictvactor #peopleschoice
filming how i met your mother's 200th episode this week. can't believe it! so proud of everyone involved.
harper and gideon at the premiere of frozen. wardrobe provided by little marcjacobs, eyewear provided
im a big fan of, punctuation and its correct usage;
just took the family to the premiere of disneys frozen. we absolutely loved it! story, voices, songs - all brilliant! want to see it again!
look at the blazing speeds atandt provides here in tech savvy sherman oaks, ca. hoooah!
@alex_b007: im so sorry, buddy, but chris colfer and darren criss have some dedicated fans. challenge accepted! fans..?
just heard im in last place in the peoples choice awards, behind michael chiklis on the shield. please vote:
@huldabreen: you deserve it, but your behind. neil patrick harris #comedictvactor #peopleschoice stop talking about my behind and vote!
mahalo, hawaii.
remember myst and riven? the creators are kickstarting a brand new game: #obduction. 3 days left to help fund -
@its_joefig: wasn't that show supposed to be over like 3 seasons ago?! when are we gonna find out who teds wife is?! watch the show, dork.
@george__85: you better tweet some more neil patrick harris #comedictvactor #peopleschoice you're losing on twitter votes! quick, rt!
@noetting: @actuallynph neil, my man you are a bad ass mother fucker  word.
that davidburtka takes taco eating to a whole other level. #emmgroupinc
just found out that it counts as a vote every time you tweet the following 3 things: neil patrick harris #comedictvactor #peopleschoice
saw my first opera ever last night. rigoletto, directed brilliantly by michael mayer. what a classy, fancy night. thanks @metopera!
just attended the opening of @la_soiree in nyc. sexiest show ever! brilliant variety acts. hilarious. a perfect 2nd date! must see!
hey @davidblaine, the magictastic @nothingtohideny opens on wednesday. if you're in town, would you come and be my guest? you'd dig it.
just had a blast watching @jinksxmonsoon in the vaudevillians. amazing characters. so inspiring. go go go!
already missing halloween. here's a link to more great @projectphotoboo pics from our party last week!
have a spooktacular night! here's our family halloween pic (via @projectphotoboo):
well done, @davidburtka!
just finished getting scared at @aloneexperience. haunted house you go through alone, with a flashlight that doesn't help you. terrifying.
im obsessed with allison janney. she was so sexy at our halloween party on saturday and now im watching her in the way way back. love her.
new himym on tonight! newest episode ever! miss it and youll never see it again! until repeats. but you know, for ratings and stuff, watch!
if you go to live events, use goldstar. they just released an app:
stoked to hear that @nothingtohideny is starting to sell out! get your tickets before you cant!
had fun just now with the gang from @theviewtv. heres more info about my special sleep no more experience:
rest in peace, lou reed. your musical influence will never be forgotten.
maybe the best thing ever: high speed photos of dogs shaking by carli davidson:
@enterdelusion: vote "delusion-california" as "best non-theme park halloween event" here:
ah, a more specific link to vote:
vote for me, so i can ask you to vote for me again, but for reals like:
@derek_del: its true, he did. there was literally no shit anywhere in the building by the time neil left.  boom.
tomorrows the 1st performance of nothing to hide at the @signaturetheatre. i directed the shit out if it.
i may have said this before, but im not on facebook. i dont do the facebook. so anyone claiming to be me is a jagoff. #twitterrules
is it weird that our daughter harper is drawn to the villains more than the princesses? (thanks, @trueenchantment)
thanks @svedka vodka for lending us booze for an event last week. however, im returning the bottles empty. hope thats okay
check out what @trevorproject and @att just launched for #lgbthistorymonth!
hedwig news! the first ad image was just released, and i get to debut it! tickets go on sale soon... @hedwigonbway
my great friend @michaelserrato has a new web series, turning macho movies super gay. 1st up, 'rambo, but gay!':
back in missouri for a few days of filming. our daughter harper asked david where i was, and he said gone, girl.
save lives and money: please join me in supporting @noreenfraser by shopping @stelladot breast cancer collection:
happy international suit up day! please, for the rest of the day, suit up!  but only in your international suit, for some reason.
happy 3rd birthday, harper grace burtka-harris! love you sooo much!
@nanda1336: thank you @actuallynph and everyone for the rt - found the owners to lost dog. sweet reunion. buddy is home! excellent!
@memles: i will eat a shoe if he does. #ca351 rt @derekjohnsonuw: maybe this is the time @actuallynph finally responds? boom. i want pics.
ny magic fans: nothing to hide starts october 23rd. im directing. buy tickets now before theydisappear!
i love this stunt so much:


if you like immersive theatre (like me), then go see natasha, pierre and the great comet of 1812! a musical war and peace in a tent? loved it!
make up removal at the print art photo shoot for hedwig.
saw first date last night. great to see @zacharylevi on broadway. hes wonderful! i cant wait to see what hell do next!
ny hotel living is expensive. coffee, oatmeal, berries: $47.00! american dollars! how can that be possible?!?
saw @thenshefell tonight. loved it. similar to sleep no more, but without the free roaming or chaos. highly recommended.
seeing then she fell in williamsburg. right friggin now. cant wait.
loving nyc. about to get my immersive theatre on! stay tuned
had a great meal at the mexican restaurant @lacenita. just opened. the duck enchiladas were enchilicious.
new himym tonight! holler back now! well, watch it now. holler back after.
family photo fantasticness! love this:
can you handle the most badass interactive horror play in la? go see @enterdelusion on its first preview, this fri!
@jimfrisbie: are we talking like variety headlines? if so, "barney boffo with 'benjamin button' boss, big bucks at box" ha! heres hoping!
finally filming with fincher. fantastic feeling. fantasy fulfilled.
while im at it, thanks to the thompson hotel for both their amazing rooftop post show party and a suite for me to crash in. @thompson_bh
nice! this years emmys had the largest audience since 2005. that makes my bosses very happy. thanks so much for watching!
emceeing the emmys was fun, but im sure glad its over. looking forward to not hosting anything for a long time.
mind mushy. just finished a looong day rehearsing for 2morrows @primetimeemmys. but i think its gonna be very watchable. i hope you do.
happy birthday, @ashermonroe. not only are you a rock star, youre a great friend!
been dancing my face off in rehearsals for the choreographers # in the @primetimeemmys. ive such crazy respect for these dancers. unreal.
happy friday, the 13th! i really shouldnt be tweeting while i drive, its a baaaa - aaah! what have i done?!? why? why such luck?!?
ready to get yo scare on? an all new delusion is back, taking haunted attractions to the next level!
as we read to our kids, im becoming more and more obsessed with the pop up books by robert sabuda. the mans an absolute genius.
i will gladly lend support to any special honoring teachers across america. its on cbs tonight @ 8pm et/pt
just ate dinner at alder. my drink, dr. daves scrip pad, was great. the food, uniformly disappointing. sorry. love wd-50. this wasnt that.
had a great meal last night at the new restaurant juni. thanks, somebody, for the recommendation. it was wicked!
check out my greatest role to date: a lint ball in the new @honda spot!
hey, nyers: whatre the great new foodie restaurants these days? could be trendy or under the radar. send me thoughts and links, thanks!
spent labor day weekend with the fam at my sister-in-lawmosts lake house in upper michigan. what an amazing part of the country!
oh man, do i love the meijer in canton, mi. where else can you buy a 12 pack of underwear, comt cheese, and tropical fish at the same time?
@richridlen: @actuallynph can you recommend a good first magic book? history of kinda thing? try taschen:
@damonlindelof: i cannot explain why this made me laugh so hard, i cried... but it did.  #ilovejapan
a hilarious must read for parents:
i dont mean to scare you but delusion is back!! id sign up at
the season finale of my guilty pleasure, brother vs brother airs tonight. watch my friends the scott brothers declare a champion! #hgtv
@duff_goldman: good to see you, @actuallynph! well catch up in a few weeks over some meatballs, yeah? cant wait dude. you rule.
having a fantastic time at the l.a. food and wine festival. the oysters are shucked, and our kids are wasted. #yum
we were forced by @sarahchalke to sign this himym script. at knifepoint. please bid and win at
im channeling my inner buster keaton in a new @funnyordie video exclusive (shot by @matthoylephoto).

enjoy:
are you kidding?!? intricate sculptures made with paper. these are unbelievable.
just finished shooting season 9s 5th episode of himym. im happy to say, they are uniformly great. excited about our final season!
food on foot needs votes! once per day, per device, thru sunday:
@robbpascoegm: so if theres a smurfs 3 we have to see it 3 times let me do the math (scribbling)threeumcarry the one yes. you do.
smurfs 2 is not only the title of the movie, its how many times you must watch it in the theaters. please adjust schedules accordingly.
@kissywissyqt: watching smurfs at the drive in!
@hitrecordjoe youre the real deal, jgl. keep on representing creativity at its finest.
the more shirtless selfies @nickjonas posts, the better my day gets.
come on, time warner cable! for what you charge people each month, they should most certainly get cbs! call 1-888-tw-cable and tell em!
excited for the premiere of smurfs 2 today! cant wait to see what paris looks like through 3d glasses!
found a smart kickstarter idea for a book/film about a mute boy and a secret society of clowns. sounds rad. support:
ug! autocorrect bowls chunks!
a big happy birthday to my best friend, @edalonzomagic. hope your year is filled with magic, and by that i mean well paying magic gigs.
one of my favorite charities, @foodonfootla, has the chance to win $10,000. but they need your votes. represent:
check out this exclusive #himym video that just premiered
at #comiccon  kids
heres a candid pic of the himym cast before going onstage at comiccon. love this gang.
and i must say, the dude that requested the highest of fives, that had multiple break away costumes, was absolutely awesome.
were heading to our comiccon panel, yall!
best robot gymnast video ever: this one lands a quadruple backflip!


the ever sexy @cobiesmulders getting dolled up for a himym photo shoot. a big one. should be cool.
@baileygehring: @himym_cbs @actuallynph we love himym!! 
took the twins to their first circus yesterday! thanks to @ringlingbros and kenneth feld for creating such an impressive spectacle!
how sad to read about cory monteith passing away. what a shame. he was a lovely, kind, talented guy and will be missed.
had a grand time at @absinthevegas. question: wire @tonyhernandez and i not taking this tightrope act on the road?
in vegas for smurfs 2 press junket. sushi dinner at wazuzu @ the wynn, late show of @absinthevegas, cuz its awesome.
cant believe it - just dropped the kids off for their first day of preschool! so quiet in the house now. what to do?#sleep #drink #freedom
happy 4th of july, everyone!

hope your day ends with a bang, but the good kind, not like these people:


im a little obsessed with @rupaul right now. shes both historic and current. and gorgeous. a modern trailblazer. #shebettawork
im not saying that if you follow the account i just mentioned you could possibly be rewarded. im just typing.
dont drink and drive this july 4th weekend. use uber instead - its rad. sign up, use code 8lf32 and youll get $20 credit. youre welcome.
i directed the series finale of the goodwin games (on fox) and it airs tonight! super proud of the episode, and the cast. please watch!
my thoughts go out to the family of sarah guyard-guillot, an amazing performer in ka who died last night. original cast member. so sad.
i was just sent this awesome video from youtube. made me smile. its been a good week.
@futureofthewwe3: @actuallynph are you watching big brother tonight?!? umm, only absolutely..!
join my live chat today with @goldderby at
doma-it-just-lost-o
mr. roboto!

so, so happy for edie, et al.
fingers crossed

#equality
@lynnever - none, lyn. just had a good time at a bar. yeesh.
having an outrageously delicious dinner at trois mec. get ready: food porn to come! (check out @nphfoodporn)
@deylamariah: tomasitas is the most over rated restaurant here!  youre wrong, and i will fight you.
@asmaa_nph: i did my homework today and it was about you and how the media portrays you and i got a distinction well done. im flattered.
great article in the ny times today re: immersive theatre. first sleep no more, now the great comet, here lies love and murder ballad? yay!!
proud of nik wallenda for his epic high wire walk. less proud of agreeing to drink a shot every time he said jesus. i cant feel my face.
@charliebyrne14: @actuallynph do you follow 69 people on purpose ? 
met nice people and had a great time just now at the global smurfs day event at the grove. yes, you heard right - its global smurfs day.
met nice people and had a great time just now at the global smurfs day event at the grove. yes, you heard right - its global smurfs day.
hope your 1st day of summer was great! if youre in la and looking for diversion, check out
never mind. ive got the two best gifts in the world sitting right in front of me.
for my birthday, i only want one thing for the world: lots of presents for me. and good ones. well thought out gifts. so tick tock.
oh, wait. scratch that last tweet. i thought turning 40 would bring enlightenment. it doesnt. im still pretty dim.
watch the amazing director and exec producer glenn weiss, in the truck, calling the shots for the tony live tv feed:
umm, yes please.


funny, draggy downton abbey spoof.  and, @davidburtka has a cameo!
but truly, last night made me love theatre and revere the amazing and tireless performers working so hard each night. twas a great time.
really, daily mail?!? the n-word? thats your story?!? i would never be so disrespectful and frankly, neither should you.
and while im at it, thanks to everyone that watched this years tonys. we had the highest ratings in years! much, much appreciated.
such fun last night hosting the @thetonyawards. a big thanks to the 121 performers from every show that played along. youre remarkable!
please watch @thetonyawards tomorrow. everyone works so hard on broadway. im jumping through hoops to assure a good night. #onedaymore
just saw kinky boots on bway. infectious show, tons of fun, made me cry. cast is stellar, and @analeighashford is a star!
just arrived into nyc! get ready, @thetonyawards, time to get to work! #oneweekmore
ive re-newly fallen in love with green chiles. they put them on everything here in nm: burgers, eggs, cereal, pudding. im obsessed.
@tropangadam: @actuallynph is hosting the tonys and the emmys! double yay! look at me. pulling the bi-fecta.
had an absolutely wonderful and creative time with the kids at the santa fe childrens museum. one of the best weve ever seen! loved it!
tired legs from a dance rehearsal for a big production number. how did i end up dancing so much? my twins have taken more lessons than me!
i just can't believe the scale of that tornado that touched down in moore. a mile wide?!? my condolences go out to everyone affected.
bwaa! dude! tomorrow night, on fox, is the premiere of the goodwin games. please watch. i directed an episode. great show. i promise.
santa fe is filled with middle aged people who dont care what they act like. the good kind of mid life crisis. its oddly inspiring.
free ep of the #goodwingames on hulu now! its by the himym guys so you know the q in the title, if it existed, would stand for quality.
season finale of himym tonight. i promise you, its well worth watching #watercooler
my mom gives the best hugs. happy mother's day!
a gigantic happy mothers day to @gladsheila - an amazing parent, person, and friend. super proud that shes my mom!
forgot to get a gift? send your mom a #mothersday e-card from yours truly, and help fight cancer! 
@danielzev: @actuallynph look what i found.
tonights new how i met your mother is, from what i hear, laser tagalicious.
i got sandwiched between elton john, rod stewart, and @mrssosbourne and i loved it! amazing night for #racertoerasems
artistic photo during work out w/ super trainer @jeremy_cisneros at the @equinox in woodland hills. #12reps1pic
the fantastic @colossal has found another gem. check out this mind altering short film. it's like a magic trick!
everyone from the mountain time zone (except (weirdly) arizona (?)), new himym in 3 minutes! grab a chair and grab your stuff - its great!
east coast: new how i met your mother, in seven minutes. hurry!
new himym tonight! it's barney's bachelor party: expect grand adventure and a lot of stripper pole. and yes, that's a euphemism.
at our great friends @beckybaeling and kris lythgoes murder mystery wedding. the game, as they say, is afoot!
im officially on instagram. my name (title? handle? nickname? alias? moniker?) is: instagranph. come play!
just watched the @zachbraff video for his kickstarter movie. its great! i want to be in the cast. but only in the @donald_faison part.
love ny theatre! macbeth tonight with the eternally talented @alancumming, last night here lies love @ the public. immersive and amazing!
late night in ny. lovely dinner with friends mark and kelly. drinks at a great spot, wise men. in the lower east side. great times.
i wasnt making light in my last tweet. its all just so random and sad.
sending all good thoughts to boston, after the madness. makes me so sad. so crazy to think that violence can happen so randomly.
orphans is rad. long live @abfoundation. cant say enough about cinderella. its the new wicked. @lauraosnes is perfect. the whole cast is!
bees seeing lots of bway theatre: hands on a hard body closed too early. motown was a lot, and yet not. cinderella was spectacular.
life is good when @davidburtka serenades you with journeys open arms (thanks, @jessiesgirlnyc for kicking 80s ass)
thanks @sleepnomorenyc, for a true once in a lifetime. more so, thanks to @davidburtka. he is the most magnificent man in the whole world!
the gang from @sleepnomorenyc created an adventure just for me. 6th floor 1-on-1 beyond description. finale: another massive surprise party!
another bday clue! this one led me to @tommyhilfiger where we got to-wait for it- pick out fancy outfits for later?
@reaganyelton: watching malcolm in the middle @actuallynph has grown so much!!  #transformationsaturday  err, umm
@nevalc: @actuallynph @davidburtka how about tweeting some pictures!? :))  done:
i need your help! barney and robins relationship is at stake! vote here:
this adventure has been truly epic. but nothing tops tonights dinner: masa, in the time warner center. best sushi meal ever. ever.
spent the day at the animal kingdom and mostly epcot, drinking around the world. after maelstrom, handed a clue. solved puzzle, off to: nyc!
wow. went straight to disney world, rode rides, and where did we sleep? lets just say, i was the king of my castle!
@beau_birtwistle: my dad said if neil patrick harris retweeted this hed buy me a new car, @actuallynph i need your help!! pay up, pop.
room service woke me with coffee and a clue! complicated, but i solved it. drove to airport and boarding a flight to: orlando! whats next??
drove for a bit on rural streets, ending at a restaurant called the salt lick. best bbq ive ever had in my life!
flew from dal to sat. leaving plane, attendant gave me a clue and a gps. rental car led to my own private ropes course!
so last night i had a wonderful home cooked meal with my family and got some rest. woke up, went to the airport, and am now in dallas??
im in the game. got pulled over by a cop, instead of a ticket he gave me a clue! sent me to lunch: frontier burrito!
more bday madness: took a bus thru laughlin. won $215 on a 1 slot-thanks, sex in the city! drinks at dive bar in az. overnite train to abq.
@jojocdngirl: sometime during this treasure hunt we better get some food porn! done - dinner at @robuchonlv:
@pilsterjr: @actuallynph tweets some pics about it please.  done:
@1trickponee: if @actuallynph acknowledged me, id victory dance for 48 hours.  annnd, go!
and fyi, if youre in vegas and want to get your acrobat training on, head straight to @shinefitnesslv. amazing facility!
my bday is 6/15. @davidburtka threw a surprise party for me on saturday -blown away. im now on some lengthy treasure hunt that is unreal!
happy easter, everyone! have a great night, and a word of advice: try not to put all your eggs in one basket.
ill be attending the magic castles 45th annual awards show on 4/7. open to the general public. check
atandt wifi is killing me! had so many problems! how can our internet be so spotty? how?!? curses! #shakingmyfist
ok, ive done research and narrowed my minivan choices to two: honda odyssey or toyota sienna? is the odyssey worth the extra $$?
love the new @equinox gym that just opened in encino. best gym in the land, now even closer to my casa!  sweet!  i mean, sweat!
are you a @cirque fan? don't miss this event: one night for one drop
wowed tonight at the la gay and lesbian center gala (@lagaycenter) by the org, and honoree amy pascals amazing speech.
for those that may have missed it - six words: horror. ghost. puppet. short. film. kickstarter.
seven incredible marble machines by paul grundbacher. via @colossal. i loooove this stuff.

a new how i met your mother is on tonight! please watch! from what i hear, its a hoot. but i hear owls a lot. so, grain of salt.
new pope news soon! you might want to follow @thetweetofgod for all papal updates. he has an in.
@wrclark1439 dude. youve tweeted the same fing thing to me 150 times. bad form. the answer is no.
looking to buy a brownstone in harlem. figure someone on twitter might wanna sell. any takers?
@mvoltaggio: join @johnvarvatos and #stuarthouse give hope to abused children. text healing to 80888 to donate, its that easy. yes, chef!
unbelievable! every one of these objects is made of paper:
one of my favorite wineries, slight of hand cellars, released their 2011 conjurer. delicious, with a fetching label:
just finished a truly magical week with the family on the newest disney cruise ship, the fantasy. ran into this guy:
my friend @jeffprobst has a ny times best seller, stranded, a kids adventure book (ages 8-12). survivor for kids! -
the nat enq is cray cray. we've never had a wedding date, just engaged (prop 8 and all). we're on a cruise as i write. he's rad. all good.
thanks @laeyeworks! your sunglasses survived a snowmobile overturn, but were no match for my son gideon. #rip
id show what its like to act on the set of himym all day! #ifihadglass
check out my beau @davidburtka host #celebritydish on sunday at 8pmet on @cookingchannel. he profiles great restaurants owned by celebs!
look way arrived on set: valentine awesomeness, via @davidburtka.
justin timberlake is very, very popular.
some chick has a dress made entirely of razor blades.  i feel bad for her nipples. #whaddup
i had no idea christian bale could play the guitar and sing in spanish. what cant that guy do???
i thought there were wardrobe restrictions, carrie underwood. i kept staring at your puffy groin area during your entire number
kelly clarkson has one of the best voices in the history of ever.
the black keys keyboardist wins best dressed.  end of discussion.
i wanna be adam levines clothes.
you think mumford and sons are pissed that the stage is still soaking wet?
about to go onstage for the grammys! this is my view from backstage.
check out these unreal paper sculptures from artist li hongbo. mind-blowing. i want one!
wouldn't normally say yes to a promoted tweet, but this @kia vid is actually cute!...and has #spacebabies! sponsored
my main squeeze @davidburtka is one of the main stars in a new feature film called annie and the gypsy. the new trailer:
new himym on tonight. please watch. heres my simple pitch:

its robin sparkles 4, yall!!

enjoy.
congrats ravens! great game, so fun to watch. although i think someone picked my pocket during the blackout. i suspect @mrjohncryer
thanks goodness the lights are back on and the game has resumed. its a real nail biter.
all the lights are out!! its pandemonium!! thank god we have out beyonce finger lights!
i thought beyonce crushed it. amazing. though i did feel a bit bad for the poor person getting flogged by her hair at the end
cant wait to watch the @nolasuperbowl. ill be talking about it live on @craigyferg tonight. totally not pre taped.
@logibear__: you probably wont answer this tweet. youre probably right.
new orleans sunrises can be pretty awe inspiring
best news ever: @davidburtka just arrived into new orleans! let the debauchery begin in earnest!!
last night was i blur. dinner at herbsaint? jazz bar and whiskey til 3 am? this photo was on my phone. my head hurts.
lunch in nola. restaurant: lke. happy hour. 50 oysters. boom.
oh, and the sheep ricotta gnocchi with lobster. that, too! (thanks, @revolutionnola)
drink of choice at the moment: sazarac. this from the carousel bar. best ive ever had.
unbelievable lunch at mother. seemed only appropriate, given the title. delicious po boy:
@lewisgoose: you can also email the scouts to give your opinion at nationalsupportcenter@scouting.org well said.
just arrived into new orleans. first time. bring it.
presto! $40 tickets to any performance of #nothingtohide through february 10. saw it? tell friends! use code nph.
wondered how neils puppet dreams' opening sequence was created? check out the amazing gang from digital twigs at work:
looking forward to presenting w/ amy poehler today at the #sagawards. i bet we ignore the prompter and just make out with each other. again.
check out the entire meal, dish by descriptive dish, tomorrow on @nphfoodporn. heavenly, decedent stuff. night.
last dish was 1 of 9. tuna, yuzu kosho squid ink tofu cream, mizuna, wasabi pea, sesame, bok choy, snap pea, avocado, green onions, ponzu.
im eating an unreal meal. its a secret, exclusive underground supper club. called @wolvesmouth. artistic. outstanding. details to come.
just told that the bollywood song i sing on neil's puppet dreams is on itunes! all your bovine dreams will come true:
the final episode of neil's puppet dreams is out:
a brilliant speech today by @barackobama. inspiring stuff. im very proud to be an american.
currently watching and loving the @ladygaga concert at the staples center. maybe the best concert ever. so inclusive and amazing!
@mrsilverscott: @actuallynph: u comin to the castle tonight? no magic castle tonight. hope you had a blast. magic is the coolest.
if you wonder what its like to be abducted by aliens, check out the new neils puppet dreams.
new himym tonight! first one of '13! its a big one: we are finally revealing who the mothe no. no were not. still funny though. do watch.
if you watch iron chef america tonight, youll find @davidburtka and me at the judges table. two great meals. im still full.
truly. iris has expert direction, precision choreography, stellar visuals, and a remarkable cast of brilliant performers. bravo! @cirque
just saw the @cirque show iris. once again, blown away. cant believe its closing on the 19th. one of the best shows ive seen. go go go!
just watched tvs stars in danger. highest marks go to @beckybaeling for her divine commentary. i love becky. shes rad.
now presenting: dream bump, the newest episode of neil's puppet dreams! there may be a cameo by a true blood stud.
"@mongo22407: where can i see some of the previous works of neil's puppet dreams?" glad you asked, karl:
also also, a brand new episode of neil's puppet dreams will be released tomorrow! 'dream bump'. it's a good one. @davidburtka may even sing!
awesome news! we've extended #nothingtohide again thru feb 3rd! read about it:
happy 2013 from the west coast of the usa! yahoooo! hope this year is infinitely better than 12! lets do this!
im looking forward to 2013. my new years resolution: underindulgence. yours?
harper is, as usual, calm and understated.
having a wonderful night with @thejimmycarp and his family for xmas dinner. gideon is rocking a bow tie.
here is @davidburtka enjoying his favorite, much needed, and well deserved gift.
up until 2am constructing a table with wooden trains for gideon and all he wants to do is play with a broom. #merryxmas
@getdough23: ur the best. i watched you from malcom in the middle to how i met your mother. you're one of my favorite actors. umm, thanks.
sites back up. sorry. go buy tickets for nothing to hide. yay! 
ug. my previous link directs you to a message that their server isn't working..! maybe this is the end of civilization! please hold...
on a related note, if you're looking for a last minute xmas gift, may i suggest tickets to an awesome night of magic?
nice! the play i directed, nothing to hide, just got a great review in the ny times!
theres an awesome, hour long himym on tonight. lots of questions answered. please watch. please enjoy. please giggle.
feeling so so sad for all involved in the connecticut shooting. deeply horrible in so many ways. as a parent, almost hard to even process.
tomorrow is the last day to vote for @peopleschoice. if you could vote nonstop from now until then, i'd appreciate it.
loved listening to @howardstern interview tan mom this morning. hilarity! howard, youre amazing.
episode 3 of neils puppet dreams is now live! titled restaurant. hope you get a chuckle or two. enjoy:
ah, the holidays. im trimming the tree, decorating the house, and marveling at how fing glitter manages to fing get fing everywhere!
still cant believe i just hosted the natl tree lighting ceremony. a true once in a lifetime. fun, too, to stare at the rest of the crowd.
david and i are enjoying a sneak preview dinner of @bryanvoltaggios new restaurant range. holy omfg, its unreal! details to come.
@meowfeb1988, i was just joshin. i like to try and sound caustic by using 1930s slang and words like beeswax.
@meowfeb1988: what happened to keeping these posts on @nphfoodporn ? what happened to you minding your own beeswax?
final stop on my dc dining train: izakaya seki. delicious, true japanese meal served by a father/daughter duo. great sake, too. night.
next stop on my dc food journey: @tokiunderground. sake, dumplings, tofu, and utterly delicious ramen. a must go.
now presenting the second installment of neils puppet dreams: 


rehearsing for the assassins concert on monday. getting chills. its very cool to see everyone again!
truly amazing anamorphic illusions! check this video out:
i could not be more excited to see the mystery of edwin drood on broadway at the roundabout tonight! one of my favorite shows ever!
just left orlando after a stellar 5 days at disney world with the family. some of the best memories of my life. cant wait to do it again.
final extension of delusion - get scared after your holiday shopping! use (not so) secret code delusional for discount.
@cdubeau5: how did i not know till now david burtka plays scooter on #himym i think the twins should show up next! they already have
@geffenplayhouse: happy opening night @whoishelder @derek_del! tonight the geffen has #nothingtohide
big news! the 1st episode of my new web series, neils puppet dreams, is now live! hope you enjoy. check it out:
at disney world for the 1st time with our kids. peter pans flight, their 1st ride ever. they loved it. i just sat there crying. #proudpapa
happy gobble day, everyone! hope you took some time to recognize all that youre thankful for. and to eat delicious pie.
hey gay gang: this magazine looks cool. three days left to support on kickstarter. i did.
how modern: you can now just tweet 'neil patrick harris #comedictvactor #peopleschoice' to vote. would you? maybe 75 times or so? rad.
its been a long, long day at how i met your mother. like, crazy. ill explain more later.
in 50 hours, artist jason mecier created a honey boo boo portrait made from trash. 
we here at delusion will find you and carve out your nightmares unless you grab tickets at
delusion fans have spoken! final extension tix go live tomorrow, nov 15 @10am! six added nights! tix at
@thebwayleague: the 2011 concert version of company is out on dvd today!
i'm not one to solicit, but a fellow puppeteer is in cancerous financial crisis. he was snuffleupagus, for pete's sake.
@sedwards76: @cirque ive only been to o. it was fucking amazing! agreed, potty mouth. but my fave was nouvelle experience. #davidshiner
now ive got @cirque du soleil on the brain! ok, question: whats your favorite cirque show?
maine, then maryland, now washington.  another great day for equality!
yahoooo!  four more years!
new himym on tonight! if i were you, id watch. barney is such a dog
kg asked me to cher this.  i'm happy to oblige:
my ask: when (and if) fox does (briefly) air goodwin games, make sure to watch and show your support. the talented gg gang deserves it.
way to go, fox! you ceased production on the new show goodwin games before it even aired! i directed episode 5 - the show is hilarious. #boo
happy halloween everyone! hope your tricking and treating gotcha lotsa booty! heres our family costume pic:
my new passion project:
@sclements12: what do ya think of my jack-o-lantern?
set your dvrs! a-list listings, a new series hosted by the dreamy @davidburtka, starts tonight! 8:00pm et/pt
dudes! just went through blackout in la. you must go through it alone! terrifying, intense, a little horny. i loved it. @nychauntedhouse
@lindira: @actuallynph just curious, but what are you having your kids call you and your husband?  david is daddy. im papa.
two publications have said that i have twin sons. unless im a truly uninformed parent, im quite sure one is a daughter. #factcheckmate
happy birthday to @gladsheila ,the most amazingest mom ever! im so proud to be her son.
thank you @katyperry for having @davidburtka and me at your frightfully fun bday bash at the @magiccastle last night!
a really nice article about @popuppantry. im excited to be involved.
so @popuppantry's gourmet dinners now include meals created by @davidburtka! sign up at
any awesome food trucks interested in feeding the sold out crowd at delusion this weekend? if so, email info@hauntedplay.com. word.
please join me in supporting @stelladot and shop their breast cancer awareness collection benefiting @noreenfraser:
hey instagramers: the jackknife who is claiming to be me - actually_nph - isnt. 22k of you should let him know.
gideon and harper turned two yesterday. in celebration, they slept 13 1/2 hours last night! #bestgiftever
i'm also voting for this adorable lil' critter because he too believes in equality #forall. cutest pic ever!
i'm voting for president obama because i believe in equality #forall 
if my life werent random enough, im now at the madonna concert at the staples center. madness! sorry, elton.
another aces review for delusion:
mu haa haaa! dr. horrible is finally on tv, tonight on cw! live tweeting, too!
@palomamcfly: @actuallynph say something in spanish please!!! no!
i got so high this morning. um, i should explain: i went up in a hot air balloon with @davidburtka. serene and surreal.
made it to the balloon fiesta! hot air balloons everywhere! amazing! i love new mexico!
fantastic dinner at el pinto with the whole family. utterly satiated. its good to be home. thanks, @elpinto!
trying to track down a circus dog act for a party at my house. any one have any suggestions?
holy crapinoli! read this review of our horror show delusion:
happy birthday, @kellyripa! youre an amazing person, a sexy wife, a wonderful mother, and a true friend. congrats on your life!
spent all weekend filming 7 episodes of my new @nerdist show, neils puppet dreams, w/ @davidburtka and the henson puppets! #bestjobever
i love when cool people do cool things. my friend marc (@pixeldandy) has an art show on 10/31 called horrorgami:
@nathanfillion: just saw #delusion (@hauntedplay) and @actuallynph owes me a new pair of pants.
me, a novelist? look:
lets get #himym trending!
himym season 8 starts tonight! tell your friends, alert the media, set your dvrs! or buy the new album! what whaaaat?
love las vegas! never left the @cosmopolitan_lv and had an absolute blast. sexy hotel, pool, staff, and guests. cant wait to come back!
having a blast in the pool at the @cosmopolitan_lv  sexiest crowd in vegas! the staff here rocks. good times.
had a great night. ate dinner at jose andres secret restaurant at the @cosmopolitan_lv called e. only 8 seats. wow! food porn pics to come.
im in vegas for the night! where should i go? what should i do?!?
go see @joshradnor s new movie liberal arts. its good and he worked super hard on it. its also on vod!
gadzooks! lots of stories online saying i want out of himym. not true! im still loving the show, loving master stinson. season 8 will rock.
ben folds five did a music video with the fraggles! two great tastes that taste great together:
formulate your frightening fall festivities fast! first and foremost: delusion. fancy a fun informal film? phuck yeah:
duuuuudes! we just won an emmy for last years tony awards!  what whaaaat?
if you love @janeespenson as much as i do, you must check out her awesome web series now!!!
youre not gonna believe it, but the book of mormon is funny! like, hilarious funny. i bet itll be a hit. congrats, tour cast. you rocked!
on my way to the book of mormon opening in l.a.  cant wait for the funny!  break legs, @gavincreel
loving the game show brilliance (or lack thereof): 11 awkward canadian game shows 
it's been 11 years since the 9/11 tragedy. can't believe so much time has passed, and yet in some ways it feels so recent. #remember
please dig magic. if you liked that last tweet, just wait a few weeks. im about to blow your mind hole
spent the weekend with the family at one of the most fantastic weddings ive ever attended. good times. so much love.
another amazing display of artistry, courtesy of @colossal . this time: cut away art on actual leaves! unreeeal!
hi twitterland. sorry for my lack of tweets recently. apparently i have babies and stuff. i'll try harder. xo
happy labor day! or, since youre hopefully not working, happy laybro day!
its a full moon tonight. how ominous. a perfect time to start formulating your scary plans for fall. might i suggest
take a look: one man, 100,000 toothpicks, and 35 years - an incredible kinetic sculpture of san francisco 
oh man, i just toured what is perhaps the coolest place of all time! bucket list moment. almost started crying. #woody
i teamed up with hasbro on catchphrase - check it out! dont dither (or get dither in catchphrase - its impossible)!
relaxing at the beach, sipping on a drink from my good friends company. cheers! @drinkneuro
@istandabove_: are you acting in it as well? depends on the night. go and find out. :) never know who youll see
im co-producing a terrifying interactive horror play in a 107yr old mansion in l.a! limited tix per night. check it:
guess who visited himym just now? olympic gold medalist @mckaylamaroney ! here i am pointing at her:
we have had amazing meal after amazing meal in san francisco. an embarrassment of gastronomical riches. food porn pics to come
crossing the bridge to san francisco. excited to perform in back to back variety shows for @sfoutsidelands later today!
bret easton ellis thinks gay actors cant play straight roles. totally unrelated, i thought christian bale was amazing in welsh psycho.
ah, this explains the new necklace and why my legs are so sore..!
goodbye, nice! ill miss you, fancy vacation! take care, dream reality! back to work, driving, and changing diapers.
two sentences i never thought id say: i just hung out with bono and the edge at eltons. all three are spectacularly cool.
i absolutely love the views here in the south of france! :) #district14
thanks to everyone who called and are supporting the firefighters who saved the magic castle. all 150 tickets sold! a resounding success!
less political: travelogue photos of a dog maddie and her precarious and absurd situations. enjoy.
@koppitegrrrl: my fiancee just died of leukemia, help me raise money for research with this link
the magic castle is opening its doors for 1 night only to 150 callers to honor the brave firefighters who saved our club. 8/6. 323-851-3313
and now: miniature people living in a world of giant food, by artist christopher boffoli. made me smile.
spending time with the burtka family in michigan. i love this part of the country. great people, beautiful weather. loving life.
my favorite thing about paris is the double kiss on the cheek greeting. it is both intimate and disarming. im totally stealing that.
when i am with @davidburtka, paris is steamy and culinarily complex. when i am alone, paris is rainy and underseasoned. #homesick
ug. what a day. i need a smoke. no matches. there's a lit candle, nice. what's with these cracks in the sidewalk? i'll use the stree - wham!
you won't believe this! the mirror slipped out of my hands and is now cracked! merde! what did i ever do to deserve all this?!?
damnit. dropped the salt shaker accidentally. salt is everywhere. oh well. not my day, i guess. at least this mirror is still intact...
found a cool antique store while walking around paris. weirdly, my umbrella won't seem to stay closed while i'm shopping in here. oh well.
so hard to tweet while i walk. and all of this construction on the street! oh, wait. there's a space there under that ladder. perfect.
happy friday the 13th! have a great day! ooh, look - a kitty walking my way. dark as night. here, kitty!  aw man, she went right by me...
i was very moved by this story when i read about it at @tlrd, happy to hear its becoming a documentary. support:
my great friend and outstanding uk magician @derrenbrown is finally available to the us via hulu.
thanks to @paulfranktweets for the very cool kids clothes! gideon really seems to love his shirt.
broadway costume designer martin pakledinaz passed away this morning from cancer. he was a wonderful man and will be missed.
had the loveliest of evenings/mornings with an even lovelierest friend in windsor. exquisite home. one of the gardens:
taking the train from paris to london. am i wrong, or is travel by train the greatest, calmest, classiest thing ever?
pip pip! im in londontown! the fanciest of pics to follow. cheers!
@mrelliottjack: my dad said i looked like u yesterdaydoes that make it wrong to have a crush on you? nope. just good taste in genetics.
@steakkwhisperer: @actuallynph i like boobs , can i get a retweet :) totally. boobs rule.
@404_no_username: @actuallynph my great grandma turned 95 today, can i get a whoop whoop? would she even know what that means?
.@ireno9 the ne article is bunk. d and i are awesometown. no wedding plans because its not legal yet. all is good in our world.
i think i just worked out next to @marcjacobs at a gym in paris. if so, hes looking great and im a fan. if not, other dude has mad tats.
happy 4th of july, everyone! enjoy your bbqs, burgers, and freedom fries!
paris is not so exciting and romantic when youre jet lagged and alone. #crankysmurf
good for you, @andersoncooper. you're awesome. 
i love my gym. just going to @equinox makes me feel healthier. working out is hard, yet easy. plus they supply towels, which i dig.
this is what i yearn for my dreams to look like:
my final meal in mtl was an epic sushi feast at park. thanks @chefantoniopark for your spectacular taste in food!
.@athorn90 is still pretty fin awesome for even doing the first costume. respect. you, sir, are rad.
@colossal: ukranian street gymnastics: parkour meets contortionism meets gymnastics meets whooooa.
i love me some dominoes action. saw this video, called starry night by vincent van dominough. well done. 
dr. will kirby, the greatest big brother contestant ever (and my good bud) is now on twitter: @reallywillkirby  welcome!
it's been 18 days, @athorn90 .  where's my emmer effing clown pic?!?
just saw a most creative and inspiring music video. love it! gotta watch: 
this was me tonight. i love my job!
ate a gigantic meal at le filet in montreal. super delicious! i took pics - food porn on its way. check out the courses at @nphfoodporn
i love artist scott c. (@scottlava) and his great showdowns pieces. a book full of 'em comes out soon (foreword by me):
mike tyson is heading to broadway in a one man show directed by spike lee?!? sweet gods of comedy, now i have to host the tonys again!
and now a most disturbingly awesome video to get you through the rest of the weekend:
happy father's day to all the amazing daddies and papas out there, especially this one, @davidburtka:
thanks so much for all of my b'day tweets! i had a spectacular day in montreal w/ the delicious @davidburtka. i'm liking this 39 stuff!
@sweetthang444: if you don't have it, gotta get kinect disneyland adventures for the xbox. you will love it! gah! must have!
other excellent birthday gift suggestions: puppets, skin pics, anything magic or disney theme park related. games. or scotch.
congrats to my friend @danbucatinsky whose hilarious new book "does this baby make me look straight?" is now here:
my birthday is friday, so if you haven't already purchased your gift(s) for me, might i recommend:
my great friend is a survivor and has started: living with breast cancer new support group @ l.a. gay and lesbian center
this art is unbelievable! now i know what i want for my birthday:
@dcedillo: the guy sitting behind the lion king head was unamused by the prank he was my writer, the hilarious paul greenberg.
@nicoletesta05: what do you say to a production of blood brothers with @davidburtka starring with you? love that idea!
@ekwalsh416: how is it being away from david and the kids? it's the worst part. miss them like crazy. thank heaven for facetime!
@alexanism: how was it to perform with ms. patti lupone? she's brilliant, and game for almost anything. love her!
@nicoletesta05: out of all the shows running on bway right now, which would you want to be in? one man, two guvnors. physical comedy gold.
@don_vare: do you get to hang out with trey and matt from the book of mormon? no, they're too fancy. they shooed everyone away.
@amnosjenn: what was with the crowd surfing girl? and the man with the lion king head! i wanted some 'wtf, dvr back!' moments throughout.
@dmmolloy: did you write any of the jokes? indeed.
@josiexjonas: did you meet @nickjonas? i did, backstage. tried not to gush. or stare.
@redjello: how long was the preparation time from inception of numbers to show night? almost a month? constant changes and refinement.
@shaygabby: how long did it take you to rehearse that opening number?! 3 days? rob ashford's staging and amazing backup dancers helped a lot
@caseyimperial: what does steve kazee smell like? heaven.
@chris_m_stern: what's next for you?? any features? yup. i'm back in montreal, still filming the smurf sequel.
@cinwicked: how uncomfortable was the spiderman rig? not so bad when upside down. upright? hulk smash!
theatre report: saw evita. @ricky_martin sounds great. but rob ashford's musical staging was superb. best part of the show.
.@thetonyawards are tomorrow. i really should start preparing something...
i was a huge mr. rogers fan growing up, and still am. love this new remixed,  groovy, autotuned tribute:
haven't been able to tweet in a while as i'm neck deep in @thetonyawards prep, and rehearsing all this spiderman wire work is taking months!
@erictheactor11: @actuallynph when does the next smurfs start? filming now in montreal. out next year, i think.
@erictheactor11: i watched american reunion today i didn't realize that you were in it. indeed i was, eric. thanks for watching.
theatre report: saw newsies. i'm a diehard and loved. @cgattelli 's choreography was spot on. easily the best dancing on b'way right now.
and thank you @oprah for your gift:  wine! @davidburtka and i drank all 6 bottles and promptly passed out. #deeeelicious
thank you, @oprah, for that interview. you represented the day with positivity, accuracy and respect. watching our parents was so emotional!
@itsjennysturn well done.
theatre report: saw once. intimate, heartfelt, emotional. @stevekazee was truly great.
.@thetonyawards are one week from today. i really should start preparing something...
@athorn90 picture 1: entire body covered in plastic wrap. but not just wrapped around you body - each extremity fully wrapped.
@ezinder: @athorn90, i think us followers now have a completely legitimate vote on what pictures to ask for." }} agreed. bring it.
@athorn90: @actuallynph if you retweet this i will post 3 twitter pictures of whatever you want me to do in the picture. not a lie.}} done.
theatre report: saw porgy and bess. totally unfamiliar with the show - blown away. best performances i've seen by norm lewis and audra mcdonald.
la friends: buy tix now for a special screening for #rockofagesmovie w/adam shankman to benefit the trevor project:
here is one of my dishes from dinner: @chefantoniopark in the background. i love me some sushi.
maybe everyone should ask @ozboateng to dress me for @thetonyawards. that seems to be the consensus.
i iove this british designer ozwald boateng, but dandg is great. paul smith, too. i'm getting nervous for show time.
@garrettgrantham: @actuallynph hey neil, you wanna hang out in northern virginia? umm... based on your pic, probably not.
an awesome @davidburtka youtube birthday mash up:
happy birthday to you!
happy birthday to you!
happy birthday, @davidburtka,
happy birthday to yoooou!
(i don't have to pay royalties, do i?)
it's officially @davidburtka 's birthday!! i'm in montreal and can't be with him, so any well wishes that you can send would be appreciated!
@speezer13: i'm not picking sides but i show you wasted your 1000th tweet on allyn too.  burrn!: (thanks, @cmsugrad )
@allyn101: @actuallynph err, according to this, you aren't quite there yet...
my 1000th tweet!  let's celebrate!  
@pubey3k: @actuallynph this is my first time tweeting you and i don't want a reply ;) #reversepsychology but... wait... but...
in the just so you know department: incessantly tweeting me to respond to you will almost assuredly achieve the opposite result.
theatre report: saw peter and the starcatcher. wonderful show! inspired and inspiring. amazing troupe of actors. stars, all of 'em. catch it!
theatre report: saw matinee of best man yesterday. great production, excellent cast. perfect timing for a presidential revival.
i just now came across this amazingly creative music video.
@trishlackey :)
theatre report: saw the matinee of nice work if you can get it.
theatre report: just saw one man, two guvnors. loved it - easily the funniest play on broadway. howled with laughter!
and now, to counterbalance the seriousness of my previous tweet, here's a video of a woman vacuuming her cat:
back in nyc for a few days to see shows and prep for @thetonyawards. gorgeous day! i love love love this town!
donna summer passed away today.  same day as jim henson, 22 years ago.  in honor of both:
brilliant and hysterical: gale-force winds directly to the face
loving the kind tweets and positive reaction to last night's himym season finale! thanks! here's my favorite:
himym season finale tonight! back to back episodes, barney's bride revealed, lots of magical surprises! i may even be naked. do watch.
happy mother's day, @gladsheila. you are an amazing mom, a wonderful grandma, and a beautiful human being. love you so much!
the more boobs the merrier!  click here and let me give your mom breast wishes for mother's day!
every time i watch @kellyripa these days, i just feel like she's cheating on me. #toopainful
oops. wrong account. @nphfoodporn to continue...
course 1: duck tataki salad w/ fresh watercress, garnished with shaved parmesan. also yuzu caviar on a spicy pickle!
@barackobama: president obama announces his support for same-sex marriage:
@bravoandy: psyched about #aroundthewordin80plates premiere tonight!" me too! i love me some @catcora. will it air in canada?
this, from yesterday. i miss my twins! apparently they will grow up to be either bank robbers or mimes:
north carolina passed amendment one. unbelievable.
happy birthday, @breckinmeyer.  you're awesome.
ok, back to emails.  or the vow, can't decided.  thanks for helping pass the inflight time.  xo, n
@tkmlac how has your experience as a child actor helped you in your development of barney?  hard to answer in 140 characters. i'd have to sa
@lexbarbershop getting a nph hug is on my bucket list, because i think autographs are dumb. approval? yes.
@lizzycody cheese or chips? chips, tortilla.  with salsa, pace picante sauce (medium).
@timdaker what is the best thing you have had in your mouth ever?? err umm next question.
@mouradlaila if you could act with anyone who would it be? christopher guest.
@megannormansell what's your favorite smell? hawaiian flowers or the smell in the air while on pirates of the caribeean.
@98realstella if you could have any super power, what would it be? teleportation. this airplane seat smarts.
@schartrand77 are we ever gonna see scooter on himym again?!  i sure hope so! or a spin off, perhaps?
@xochrissy3 if you had to be any type of car what would it be, and why?  inspector gadget's matra murena, cuz la traffic blows.
@carmenluigina favorite author? obsessed with clayton rawson at the moment.
@bish93 if you tweet me i vow i stay up all night watching how i met your mother and nothing else!  challenge accepted..!
@monkee_ce if you could sit beside any superhero right now who would it be? mandrake the magician.
@killertvmd in your opinion, which of doogie howser's love interests was the hottest? wanda plenn. her lips were amazing.
@alibsmith going to vegas soon. what's the best show to see? cirque: o, ka, zumanity. other: absinthe (loved), la reve. magic: penn and teller
@foote_k why are you heading out to montreal?  filming the smurfs sequel. already missing the family...
btw, super gigantic congratulations to @josswhedon for the avengers! shattering records! huzzah! so well deserved! @cobiesmulders
@cidawn: what was your favorite song to sing from dr. horrible's sing along blog? brand new day. i loved it's tongue-twisty nature.
only a few days left to win a walk-on role on himym:
@isirius: hey @actuallynph do you recognize this adorable little plushie? 

then @davidburtka got to interview @oprah herself for an @enews exclusive. he did a great job, very proud of him!
tomorrow morning. tony nominations. the biggest day in the world for a very small faction of people. can't wait! @thetonyawards
i heart @tarankillam. that @cobiesmulders picked herself a winner. enjoy this fantastic video:
if you live in north carolina, watch this video regarding amendment one.  it's honest and powerful.
and here's a view from the rooftop of the villa where the wedding was held.
here's a pic of the happy couple. feel free to tweet your congrats. @emmabates and @joshuazar.
best friends emma bates and josh zar were just married at idyllic todos santos in mexico, and i was the proud officiant. a wonderful night!
just arrived back from a florence photo shoot w/ @davidburtka & @cobiesmulders. thanks to @fsflorence for their brilliant hospitality!
a very awesome video of things being destroyed in super slow motion:
spent lots at the prada outlet. i'm not sure about the value of the euro, though, so i don't know if i saved money or lost my (prada) shirt.
cobie smulders is officially on twitter!  check out her clever handle: @cobiesmulders  follow that little tiger!
oops. wrong account. go to @nphfoodporn for more. sorry...
course 1: chicken liver pt, bruschetta, celery root, peppers, eggplant, capocollo. delicious.
but the finest man in italy is still:
it's easy to buy things in italy when the person selling them looks like this.
breakfast in florence: cappuccino and slice of apple cake. how does everything taste so much better here?
wait, that's not the rencen.  that's... the duomo! santa maria, we are in florence!!
well that's strange. we just went through customs. i know detroit is tough, but this is crazy..! where are we?
i'm on a plane to detroit, michigan but the plane seems bigger than i expected. i hope i boarded the right flight...
@hii_imrachel @actuallynph so do you really have pinterest? cause it says you folllow me hahaa :) &gt;&gt; not on pintrest. imposter!
@steveo_in_nm @actuallynph with all the food bragging going on, should come home to abq soon for a chili fix! &gt;&gt; i miss nm food so much!
@crebersthoughts: "@omgfacts: neil patrick harris is the president of the academy of magical arts!" @actuallynph true? yes indeed, tiger.
i love tweeting food pics, but some don't enjoy. so i now bring you: @nphfoodporn (thanks @arnoldcam). follow if you like deliciousness.
@jasonsegel i'm your costar. @davidburtka and i got engaged over 5 years ago, but we can't get married in ca. maybe jay can talk to someone?
@dstave: @actuallynph you ever watch #noreservations? oh yeah. and the layover. anthony bourdain is a god. @noreservations
@danademo: @actuallynph the nph story. who plays you? dwayne johnson.
@paddybiggins: neil patrick harris landed the role of barney on "how i met your mother" after purposely messing up the audition. true?  no.
@sarahbeep totally, mistress bates. i missed you! dm me your info and i'll send you something clever. what're you into?
very happy to hear the documentary @bullymovie was given a pg-13 rating by the mpaa. it's a powerful film that should be seen by all.
i adore amy sedaris. just watched her as the tooth fairy on yo gabba gabba. she's maybe the coolest chick around. that's all.
@leahthepage right now i'd say hedwig. it seems camp and simple, but is really dark and complicated, raw and sexy. a real actor's part.
dessert: my dapper dining companion, @davidburtka. sweeter than the tastiest confection.
course 4 also came with an assortment of salts and peppers to add. i dug the presentation.
course 4: dry aged "cote de boeuf" roti (for two). potato-leek torte, wild mushrooms, little gems, herb jus. heaven.
course 3a: black bass "en ecailles". english peas, spring vegetable sea broth.
course 2b: truffle pasta. tagliatelle, enough grated perigord black truffles to feed a family of ten. wow.
course 2a: lobster bolognese. fresh capellini, black truffles, basil. outstanding.
course 1a: egg caviar. lemon-chive crme fraiche, american ostera caviar. fancy!
amuse bouche 2: fennel flan, orange gele, cashew foam, vanilla oil. also a salmon roulade and roe w/ puffed rice.
amuse bouche 1: goat cheese grape spheres and goat cheese rolled grapes. inverse preparations of a similar theme.
ok, the # i chose last week was: 1,347,850 (# of sexual partners). the winner, 2 away with 1,347,852 is @philiphodgetts. dm me for dinner!
tomorrow i reveal the (rannndom!) winner of the 3m contest. and continue my food porn with our anniversary dinner. 'night.
here's some cool news:
today @davidburtka and i are celebrating our 8th anniversary (a day early). there will be champagne, gifts, sex, and most likely food porn.
here's how i assured accuracy:
still tabulating. but the 3 millionth follower is @sarahbeep. random congratulations! dm me and i'll send you something random (ducky tie?)
times up! no more guesses allowed. give me a night to look through the responses and figure out the winner. yay, this is fun!
the prize will be dinner with me and @davidburtka at the @magiccastle. if you're not local, i'll send you something equally awesome.
in honor of @derrenbrown: i'm thinking of a # between 1 and 3,000,000. closest guess wins. i'll stop taking guesses in 3 hours. good luck.
so for reaching 3m followers, i'm gonna have a contest. right now. winner will get a wicked great prize. ready?
3 million.  egads!  as promised, i'll give a cool gift to someone, and explain my plan tomorrow.
very proud of @davidburtka. he did a very powerful interview with sir elton john about bullying. it's airing on @enews tonight.
i wanna give my 3 millionth (!) follower something cool. how would one quantify that? is there some sort of log?
this week at work is our last show of the season. 24 episodes! time flies when you're suiting up, drinking, and shagging actors. having fun.
i also did a lengthy podcast with chris hardwick (@nerdist).  listen here if you have a free 87 hours:
oops.  pic:
course 8: vanilla bean pisco flan. stewed strawberry. great end to a wicked good meal. @piccaperu  well played.
course 7: lorco de quinoa. quinoa pumpkin stew, fried egg, choclo, paremsan cheese, crispy tomato. guuuh..!
course 5: sea scallop sashimi, fresh sea urchin, jalepeo relish. not on the menu. one of the best things i've tasted.
course 4b: anticucho corazn. beef heart, rocoto walnut sauce. everything is so stellar, i didn't flinch.
course 4a: santa barbara prawn. lemongrass yuzu kosho pesto. so fresh and so clean, clean.
course 2: anticucho beef filet. sea urchin butter, garlic chip. lots of skewered things!
oops.  wrong pic.  scratch that last one, that was from before...
course 2: yellowtail sashimi something (can't find it on the menu). there were pomegranate seeds, citrus yumminess.
the restaurant: @piccaperu 

tapas. open kitchen. sexy mixology drinks. we just had the chef being dishes out. it was a great call.
i know i quit the food porn. but, i had an amazing dinner last night and took pics. so the snarks can suck it! prepare for deliciousness.
no more food porn from me. first, lots of snark responses. second, i finally had the tapeworm removed.
course 13: tortino. warm molten chocolate cake, amaretto, salted caramel gelato.
course 12: tiramis. espresso, meringue, coco snow (which, oddly, is also my drag queen name).
course 11: gelato pie. meyer lemon gelato, blueberry marmellata, caramelized hazelnut.
course 10: lombatina capricciosa. pounded veal chop, ciabatta crust, tomatoes, arugula, parmigiano, lemon vinaigrette.
course 9: abbacchio. california lamb chops, farro, artichokes, dates, almonds, salsa rossa. phenomenal.
course 8: branzino. tomatoes, capers, lemon.
course 6: bucatini all'amatriciana. hollow pasta strands, san marzano tomato sauce, guanciale, pecorino, black pepper.
course 5: rigatoni. thick pasta tubes, fennel sausage, white wine, garlic, parmigiano reggiano.
course 4: cappesante. dayboat scallops, celery root, black truffle emulsion.
course 2: ricciola crudo. yellowtail, star anise, cucumber, orange, tarragon.
course 1: kampachi crudo. hawaiian amberjack, taggiasche, avocado, pomegranate, lemon.
food porn time. italian tonight. culina in la. just having the chef bring out food. no idea what is in store, but i'm hungry and stoked.
bypass battle rounds and bossa novas. barney's battling black belts and begging for becki's beautiful booty.  new himym tonight!
@rfivezerofive: @actuallynph what do you think about the @unmlobos love the lobos! my parents are season ticket holders. miss the pit...
we had an amazing meal tonight of corned beef and cabbage, courtesy of the delectable @davidburtka. he tweeted a pic, me thinks.
happy st. patrick's day! the la weather is perfectly gray and drizzly in honor o' the occasion. may the eve be full o' irish luck and whiskey!
@randlewis: how do you like your bugaboo stroller? i'm looking to invest in one. we love it. and the company is on twitter! @bugaboo
the twins giving shade and rolling large in their super pimp bugaboo donkey stroller. word.
since our house is a wifi disaster (network? timewarner? ghosts?), i am now seeking an internet superhero to fix my life. suggestions?
@xcarlycohen: 13 tweets to @actuallynph in search of a happy birthday tweet. i need a hobby. lucky 13. happy b'day, c.
@boycrazy920: @actuallynph this is for you!!
all done. the 'stretchy stuff sack' is off and i'm back in a suit. plus, more importantly, i'm finally able to eat. #nachocheesedoritos
i'm totally nude on set later today. and filming outside. less than anxious to stand in front of the crew wearing this:
my good friend chris hardwick (@nerdist) is launching a youtube channel, on which i just may participate. learn more:
@gladsheila: @actuallynph what? are your ears actually bleeding? question submitted by your biggest fan aka mom. no, mommy. just joshing.
that kirk cameron is hilarious!
flight was saturday. feeling better now. can't hear, ears bleeding, but otherwise in tip top shape.
@momconfessional: @actuallynph performance at #disneyfantasy. memorable.
david javerbaum, last year's tony opening scribe, wrote the awesome opening # for last night' show. and he's hilarious as @thetweetofgod.
and congratulations to the cast of the walt disney theatre on the disney fantasy. in multiple parts, they all did a wonderful job.
catch restaurant is on twitter, as it turns out. @catch_nyc  good stuff.  'night.
why does my stomach hurt right now? i blame @hungqhuynh and all his deliciousness.  i love new york.
course 4e: peanut butter cup souffl with peanut butter cup popsicles. the best of the lot!
course 4c: fresh baked cookie bucket. chocolate chip cookie, brownies, fried oreo and more.
course 4b: banana brule split. raspberry bombe, gianduja bombe, cookie dough bombe.
course 4a: warm apple pie, vanilla ice cream, bourbon meringue and golden raisins. fantastic.
course 3e: applewood bacon brussels sprouts.
course 3c, d: truffle fries, sugar snap peas.
course 3b: mushroom spaghetti with sugar snap peas and tomato cippolini. unreal.
course 3a: bone-in 28 day dry aged strip steak.
course 2c: beef bourguignon pot stickers (not on the menu!):
course 2b: crunchy rice cakes, tuna tartare, wasabi tobiko. yes.
eating at the new restaurant catch. 1st course: sushi rolls (hellfire, catch, and mrc rolls). a fantastic start.
food porn coming up soon. i'm in ny, sitting down to eat. pics soon.
heading to elton john's oscar bash with @davidburtka, my brother brian and his awesome kids, jackson and delaney. #goodtimes
never thought technology would let me use an iphone to play with my balls, but check this out:
all you ninja naysayers can suck it:
if you watch the voice (which you should dvr as it's on vs himym, ahem) root for 1 of my high school best friends, @tvofficial. #teamtony
tonight we saw @absinthevegas. wonderful show, acts are fantastic. most importantly, it's the hardest i've laughed in a decade. a must see!
late night dinner at blue ribbon sushi. omakase. amazing. sushi, then sashimi, then fried chicken? then bread pudding?!
saw cirque' zumanity tonight at ny, ny in nv. loved it! so right, and so wrong. the show is just so... horny. yum yum. @nynyvegas
yeesh.  nitpick, much..?
i just kicked the s#!t out of five ninjas. my life is random, yet awesome.
truly outstanding meal at ink (@mvincla). highly recommended. @mvoltaggio is brilliant and one of a kind. now i must waddle to bed. 'night.
course 9b: grapefruit, curd, cilantro sorbet, line merengue, avocado pure. odd.
course 9a: textures of chocolate - ganache, soil, twill,  once cream, coffee cream, and a sesame seed cake.
course 8b: pork belly. charcoal oil, bbq flavor, and one long macaroni and cheese. so so good.
i love david for putting up with my food journalism.
course 7 b: spaghetti, giant squid, squash, hazelnut pesto. fantastic. pasta with no real pasta.
course 7 a: octopus, squid ink, pasta shells, young fennel, pimenton. the food here is so f'ing delicious.
course six a: skate wing, asparagus, mushroom oatmeal, mushroom hay. haaaay!
course 5: lamb tongue, snap peas, chickpea cylinders, yoghurt spheres, curry jus. told 'we need some tongue tonight'.
course 4.5: mushroom chicharrn. like a pig skin but with mushroom. crispy!
course three b: foie gras, waffle cracker, smoked maple marshmallow, hot sauce. perhaps the best i've ever had.
course three a: raw tuna, dashi sponge, radish, grapefruit, crispy rice. yum.
second course: prawn toast. langoustine, salt cod-potato cream, almond milk, ice plant. sexy.
i'm'a gonna tweet our amazing valentine meal at ink (@mvinkla), course by course. prepare yourselves...
at a delicious valentine dinner w/ the fetching @davidburtka. i'm both happy and hungry.
fans of love: my partners (@accomplicegame) tweeted an awesome story about an adventure/proposal they planned in nyc. get ready to melt.
happy valentine's day, everyone!! hope your day is filled with love, or at the very least a good shagging.
so becki newton, my sexy new himym squeeze is on twitter, but her handle is @newtonbecki and not what i tweeted before.
tonight watch the radiant @beckinewton in her first of many episodes of himym. she plays a chick i'm trying to bang.
adele!!  i kissed her. on both cheeks. just sayin'.
nicki minaj was outstanding. levitations rule.
adele is back.  dope.
katy perry doing a magic illusion on the grammys just gave me a boner. is that wrong?
taylor swift! and sheriff swift! and coal miner swift! and prospector swift!
handing out electronically monitored bracelets for the coldplay song has made many people around me  nervous. #notnamingnames
chris brown was just channeling q-bert with some flying squirrel dancers!
pimpin' in our dope grammy ride:
on my way to the grammys with the dashing @davidburtka. looking forward to it - last year's show was dope. is that what musicians say? dope?
here's a story about @magiccastle and the recent fire:
@stixanimated most likely. i reference clue: the movie whenever i'm able.
i love me some rube goldberg contraptions.  enjoy:
tonight's himym episode was crazy to film. just know: all three acts are exactly the same length. it'll make sense after you see it.
at last: a brand new episode of himym is on tonight! it's a 'structure' episode, one of my favorite kinds. hopey you likey.
i really dug the halftime show. not sure how it looked on tv, but all the production and projections combined with madonna rocking? loved.
what a day at the super bowl! all i wanted was a close, exciting game right up to the last play. it didn't disappoint. congrats, ny giants!
kidding aside, we had dinner at @recessindy and it was fantastic. great concept, lovely staff, and spot on food. yum!
well, the steak and shake didn't have our reservation and couldn't take us until 10:45. so we're still searching for dinner.
got a reservation at a fancy place i found online. famous for their beef and sweet drinks. called steak and... shake? hope it's good.
just tried to get into st. elmo (@stelmo) for dinner. booked solid until 10:30!  what is this, the night before the super bowl? #boo
last night was wild in indy. i wanted to go explore, but there were 17 bazillion people in the streets. it was like super bowl-i gras.
comics fans: my friend and fellow magi @cardjon (with @mikecosta) put a cool idea to paper. check it out at @smokemirrorsidw
@evamour: @actuallynph should play a sad clown.has the perfect eyes for it...  umm... thanks?
spent a long night at the @magiccastle. the club is better than ever, but knowing every little thing about every thing is less than magical.
rock climbing with @davidburtka today. chill sunday fun.
about to watch the second episode of american horror story. what a trip! reminds me of the shining. i fear i'm hooked.
having a relaxing day with the fam and friends. making pizzas in the pizza oven. wine. swimming. la is odd when winter feels like summer.
happy australia day, australia! our awesome baby nurse is from down undah, and she taught our tots to sleeeep. i am forever in your debt.
@madeupmakeup: @actuallynph , my girlfriend doesn't know who you are. what should i do? #confused )) break up with her.
@itsnickyall  my answer: i'd switch with joseph gordon-levitt. then i'd get to perform for christopher nolan and also see myself naked.
just got back from seeing hugo. i loved it. if you haven't seen it yet, the 3d is spectacular. and the magic? my favorite movie of the year.
seeing hugo tonight. in 3d. can't frigging wait! i collect automata, so i'm already loving it. happy that it got so many oscar noms.
i'm a big fan of our president.  he's rad.
if any of those sundance gifting suites want to include @davidburtka, let me know and i'll tell him. #athomeandwantpresents
i'm at home herding frenetic and fearless babies while db is hanging out with celebs and hipsters at sundance. bollocks, i say!!
@jenlwardy: @actuallynph my very first ever tweet goes to you thank you, jenny. welcome to twitter.
egads! i'm totes loving all of your foxy suggestions for other old/new words. thanks. and that's no poppycock!
i kind of want to bring an old word back into my vocabulary. hmm. ooh, got it! grody. as in 'ew, that's grody'. welcome back, old friend.
i opened it: french laundry cookbook and dinner at per se, a favorite restaurant! and since i waited, the gave $ to @foodonfootla! win/win!
what's in the box?!? what's in the boooooox?!?  i can't stand it! i got's to know!
dooods! it worked! i won a people's choice award! as did the show! thanks so so much for voting, and for just being generally rad.
i wanna open this box! but i shouldn't... but i will! but i shouldn't! but i... gaaah!!!
minivan update: the honda odyssey is crushing the others in your replies. toyota sienna distant second. smartcar dead last.
@soulofarainbow: @actuallynph have you got a favourite elton john's song? too many to choose. rocket man? levon?
@renabean: @actuallynph get a cool mystery machine type campervan instead! ooooh, good call. papa likey!
minivan. as the kids grow, the looming inevitability of a minivan stands before me. is one model preferable?  ug. a minivan. who am i?
should i get our daughter harper into pageants?
@jenbreedlove: @actuallynph which charity are you playing for?  amazing cancer research org for an amazing woman:
it's only the 2nd day of the year, and one of my wishes is coming true: there is finally a new episode of himym on. tonight! huzzah!
congrats to daniel radcliffe on his final performance of how to succeed on b'way. 8 shows a week for 10 months demands respect. kudos.
hope your 2011 was rad. if not, hope you gained some wisdom. either way, may 2012 be kick-assier than any year thus far. happy new year!
@hyacinth_clare: loved you in the adventures of tintin:
@talayeh13: @actuallynph iris or ovo? ovo's crazy good, but for a younger mentality. iris is so visually challenging. my answer: yes
just saw cirque du soleil's iris in l.a. with my folks. what a breathtaking, overwhelming show. the cast is so strong. literally. #mustsee
as a special holiday surprise, i thought i'd show you a picture my thick noble wood:
merry christmas eve! (interestingly, that's also my drag queen name.)
while i 'less than three' presents, i don't 'less than three' wrapping them...
had an amazing night at the @magiccastle tonight. 1st time for @jessetyler and others. great magic, awesome crowd. proud to be president.
i may be late to the game, but i just watched this:
i love buying christmas presents for people!  especially when that people is myself.
@hollabee13: @actuallynph if u could be any animal what would it be? easy: dolphin. no wait! a practical joke playing monkey. either way.
@steingas: @actuallynph favorite song right now, go!  lucky, by jason mraz.
@osunat: @actuallynph are u ever gonna tweet me? =/   doubtful.
only in la would demi moore's being a client be justification enough for putting leeches on your face...
at a party last night i met a doctor who performs leech therapy. when asked the benefits, he said "you know demi moore? she's a benefit." #?
long day christmas shopping. the shopping centers were slammed! well, you know what they say: "'tis the season to be mall-y".
happy to be home. about to trim the tree with david. that's not a euphemism. not yet anyway. fingers crossed.
that was my 666th tw - whuuh, what's happening?  what's happening to mmmm - red rum!  red rum!  redddd rummmmm!
does anyone know if i got a golden globe nomination? @jasonsegel 's internet is down.
wow. just cried during the wonderful finding nemo stage show at the animal kingdom. love that show, miss my kids. #sap
still loving disney world. animal kingdom today. fantastic. thanks to all who braved the weather for tonight's candlelight shows! #downpour
had 3 fun shows tonight at epcot. candlelight processionaly goodness. thanks to all who came. are those carols stuck in your heads now too?
check out & download my friend @gavincreel s new song #noise to raise money for @broadwayimpact and equal rights.
laers: see the wonderful holiday show snow white christmas! perfect for the family. i'm in it! here's a review:
@anarchr1s: do i blow off the last family dinner at disneyworld so i can see @actuallynph do the candlelight precession? um, only totally!
less than 24 hours to vote:
@enews: excited to announce that @davidburtka is joining us as a correspondent for e! news starting in january! welcome! congrats, db!
had fun performing with @davidburtka tonight at the @trevorproject's trevor live. a powerful night. an amazing group of people. #grateful
now that my duties with live! are done (huh, huh... i said duties), what nyc landmarks should we show the twins tomorrow?
truly sorry for saying the word 'tranny' on live this week. twice! should have been more thoughtful. didn't at all mean to offend.
i can't stop eating delicious food in nyc! sitting at the bar at babbo, just in heaven going from course to course. #glutton
something random and super cool to watch when you're bored: 
having such fun spending my mornings with @kellyripa. i'm kinda sorta falling in love with her. what do i say to david?
i love the food in nyc! amazing dinner in nolita: torrisi italian specialties. so well thought out & delicious. will sleep well tonight!
happy thanksgiving everyone. there are so many things to be thankful for this year, i'm very blessed. hope you had a stress free day.
saw the wonderful @markconsuelos performing in standing on ceremony tonight. great show. can't wait for it to someday be a period piece.
'twas not our daughter on this week's himym. would never subject her to the rigors of a soundstage. i'm saving her for the pageant circuit.
loved cheering @jasonsegel on at snl on saturday. he killed it. although watching him making out with paul rudd almost turned me straight.
loving nyc! it's chilly! it's autumn! (only when i leave l.a. do i remember this whole 'weather' and 'seasons' thing...) #iwannamove
even though horrible hates hammer, @nathanfillion deserves to have the people choose him. please vote.
laugh 4 a good cause! join @sarahksilverman @kenjeong @rob riggle will ferrell & more 2morrow @ #varietypoc. buy tix at
if i win another people's choice award, i promise to put them on the precarious shelves right above the babies' cribs!
rt @jhanaml @actuallynph u have it hands down...except for perhaps alex baldwin, stiff competition. he's pretty funny. &gt; yeah. alex is good.
i was just looking back at my first few tweets, and i realize that i've really grown a lot since then.  matured.  i have finally learned tha
favor for a friend: los feliz charter needs a 1st new playground! text vote clorox3905 to 441-44 or
a thousand thanks to all of the veterans who have bravely served this country.  i deeply appreciate your dedication.
break a leg, @billycrystal. the oscars are lucky to have you.
duuudes! @ew gave us an a! great good news!
here's a pic of the family in costume:
booze was provided by corzo tequila. hangover was provided by dehydration. 'twas delicious swill!
recovering from our halloween party last night. it was a crazy fun time. everyone put a lotta effort into their costumes.  loved it!
interview gauntlet now. will rt pics in a bit (i'm surprised there aren't more sexy skin pics...)
rt @martehveem @actuallynph 
rt @six2midnight @actuallynph trick or treat....hi! i'm russell from "up"
rt @sararymarcsuk @actuallynph my friend's halloween costume.  it made my life. 
rt @yic147 @actuallynph here, i've got something that will make you feel better (clink). oooo, it has real gold flakes..! &gt;&gt;yum! (slam) grr!
i love the new h&k xmas movie. it's rad. talking about myself in 4 minute interviews for 7 straight hours? not as rad. #mushybrain
@samontv has asked the best inane questions on this h&k3 junket.
bluuughh (pour)  gabbbel smarthy wanna trrr (slam) grrr ! can't stahhhhp throwing uuuhp! (poor)  mommmmy (slammed) ...whyyy..?
myyy head iz spinnining... therrrre'z actual, flaaakes of gold in this baht... this bahht...(pour) this glass. eyeohfeelzogood. (slam) (cry)
yow! this stuff is grrrreat! (pour) it tastes like cinnamon! (slam) grrr!  i could drink this all day! (pour)
dear time warner: as you are (annoyingly) my only option, can you please improve your connection speeds? i feel like i'm on aol, circa 1989.
i saw easily the scariest walk thru haunted house/play of 2011. called delusion, it's terrifying! all la'ers must go!
just ate an absolutely fantastic top chef-ish meal at michael voltaggio's new restaurant ink in la. each dish was just unreal. don't miss.
watching the ed alonzo's psycho circus at knott's. best show in the park. screw mazes, check out his hilarity! love ed alonzo!
loved the hanging at knott's! well done, stunt actors. well done, writer jeff tucker! hilarious.
at knott's scary farm! such an awesome, scary night. my best friend ed alonzo is starring in a show. must see! be afraid, be very afraid!
and i'm in awe of, and so grateful for, @davidburtka. he is, in my humble opinion, the greatest dad in the history of ever.
things i dig: our twins gideon and harper, who are one year old today! they are glorious. so proud to be their papa.
had a freakishly good time acting with @hitrecordjoe tonight at his #fallformal. literally 75 camera phones surrounding us. surreal!
rt @therealjackc @actuallynph please watch this. it's dedicated to you.
my smurfy friend hank azaria is starring in free agents, a new comedy tonight at 8:30. yes, it's on nbc, but he's too funny not to watch.
things i dig: you don't know jack! awesome trivia-ish game show, now on your iphone! welcome back, old friend.
elton's show was f***ing unreal! he's fanfriggingtastic. if you go to vegas... see. this. show.
midshow. i'm so lucky to have somehow been on elton john's radar.  his show is fantastic. he's better than he's ever been!  great night.
just arrived in vegas, baby! so excited to go to caesar's palace and see elton john's opening. i hope that's not a euphemism.
things i dig: sonos wireless music system. listen to different music in every room of the house! a perfect gift for, say, rosh hashanah.
just saw the premiere of cirque du soleil's new show iris. it's ammazing! if you come to hollywood, it is a must see!  best show in years!
jim henson would have been 75 today.  i wish he were still around.  i miss him.
dudes, i wrote this thing. if you fancy, take a gander:
best tattoo ever! though when the show is cancelled, i bet they'll need www.drtattoff.com for a few.
didn't realize chick-fil-a was so opinionated, politically. i just thought their chicken tasted really good. #buzzkill
how i met your mother premieres tonight! tell your friends, alert your neighbors, cold call random people. it's a good one. i even dance.
just preordered my copy, @hitrecordjoe. i appreciate the constant creativity, sir. can't wait to watch/listen.
went out, sans babies, last night for the motion picture & television fund pre-emmy party. good times!
whether, not weather.  jeez.  such vitriol...
things i dig: @howardstern. weather a live show or a best of, king stern and the gang make driving in l.a. a blast. huge fan. baba booey!
things i dig: state fairs. just went to the nm one. petting zoos, lemonade, carnies and deep fried peanut butter cups:
and fireworks! wowza!
at the hollywood bowl, listening to tchaikovsky by the glorious la philharmonic. sometimes it's nice to just still and listen for a spell.
uch. watching big brother is now a waste of time...
things i dig: equinox gyms. not cheap, but worth it. best staff, hottest members, latest equipment. they make sweating sweet.
things i dig: sushi. sitting at the bar being served amazing fish, omakase-style, is the best. kiwami in studio city is my current #1.
things i dig: les miserables. say what you might, but i just caught the london o2 concert on pbs, and that show is all kinds of epic.
things i dig: pottery barn kids. just got me a changing table and a rug and such. the twins can't stay away:
things i dig: ventriloquist puppets. old school vaudeville and creepy. here's one i own:
i think i'm gonna start tweeting about things i dig.  not 'shallow graves' or 'tunnels to china', more just random stuff that i like.
oops. steve jobs and tim cook apparently have different twitter names. sorry, other dudes that i just wrote about.
crazy respect for @stevejobs. the technology that he championed? phenomenal.  best of luck, @timcook. long live apple.
my god. what have i done? i inadvertently watched the new show dance moms. it's repulsive. and yet hypnotic. i hate that i love it. help me.
back at work on himym's season 7! i must say, the premiere episode will definitely be groovy.
terrific. now, instead of blocks, all the twins are wanting for their birthday is a mega-yacht.
the family and i are having one of the best weeks of our lives. more details to come. oh, and go see smurfs. xoxo
rt @bravoandy there's nothing @actuallynph can't do!! what a great guest. thanks neil
@howardstern, where was eric on the red carpet for the smurfs premiere?!? i was dying to talk to him!
had a blast on the daily show. jon stewart may be the sharpest interviewer around. synapses firing fast to keep up with him. hope u dig.
smurfs premiere this afternoon in nyc! hmmm, what color should i wear..?
had a blast guest judging sytycd this week! the top 10 dancers are so talented - almost better than those chicks that danced with snoop.
i hate at&t and their errant cellphone reception with a burning, white-hot fury. calls drop 15-20 times a day. is verizon way better?
just finished dress rehearsal for sytycd. such pressure. i'm really really nervous right now. and i'm only sitting in a chair!
i love having the 405 freeway closed. traffic is nonexistent. carmageddon is the best! i'm gonna carma-get-in my car and run some errands.
if you didn't see the best and the brightest film, it's soon on netflix. it's highbrow & lowbrow, with amy sedaris!
had a wonderful afternoon with the great @stephenfry today.  it involved cameras and took place in my living room, and for once wasn't porn.
happy 5th of july! for those of you that already miss fireworks, here's a fun, sexy video i found: 
happy 4th of july, everyone!  hope the fireworks were/are awesome tonight.  both literally and metaphorically.
so i'm directing a cool theatre show, expert at the card table, 7/13 to 8/7. limited seating. watch me pimp it:
@richardblais @flipburger likewise, rb. you're an inspiration. let's open a flip burger in l.a.!
kripsy kreme milkshake at flip burger (yes, it's topped with liquid nitrogen):
my three go to's: pasta bolognese, a burrito, or some delightful version of a chicken sandwich.
i wish every meal could be a tasting menu, chosen by the chef and served as a surprise. otherwise, i always order the same three things.
dear media: just because david and i will soon be able to marry in ny, doesn't mean we are actively planning a wedding. cart before horse.
weird that drudge report has not a single mention about the marriage equality vote in ny? does he not want to admit that it happened?
david and i did propose to each other, but over five years ago! we've been wearing engagement rings for ages, waiting for an available date.
it passed!  marriage equality in ny!! yes!! progress!! thank you everyone who worked so hard on this!! a historic night!
@shadowolf19 try booking thru @goldstar. they are amazing. i strongly endorse them. see live events at a major discount:
laers: i'm directing an intimate, magical theatrical production called expert at the card table from 7/13-8/7 check it:
wow. i just hosted an event for lgbt rights, and the keynote speaker was president obama himself! he's amazing. called me 'openly terrific'!
the answer was 'scott' or 72688. the numbers represented the letters on a telephone pad. to everyone who solved it, well played...
speaking of codes, solve this:

9428 47 843 643353 6263 63 69 766? 

hope you don't get hung up on this one...
why, when ordering said @gogoinflight, does it taunt me with entering a promotional code? what is this secret code and why don't i know it?
company will extend its run from june 23rd to june 26th at many movie theaters across the country! visit www.companyonscreen.com for deets.
@ball4ny please vote yes on marriage equality. it'd mean a lot to me and my family.
are the twins's unique fussing, crying, and crabbiness today supposed to be some sort of karmic father's day lesson?
my b'day was unreal. d created a surprise 'murder mystery' with 25 close friends in character. i was the detective and had to solve crimes!
company is starting is limited run in theatres today! 1 show per night.  only 4 nights. buy a ticket for my birthday!
i'm old right now...
kudos also to david javerbaum and adam schlesinger for writing the tony opening number and for having difficult names to spell.
better link: youtu.be/4cr-sait8le
kudos to @lin_manuel and thomas kail for penning my closing tony 'rap-up'. watch 'em create the song during the show: t.co/xzqrdpz
spending way to many hours at mario batali's amaaaazing italian market/restaurant/food mall eataly. david is in culinary heaven!
having a perfect relaxing day with d. just saw the alexander mcqueen exhibit at the met. intricate, sexy, hypnotic and inspiring.
thanks everyone for such nice tony tweets. i had an absolute blast. can't believe after all that work, it's over! congrats to all of b'way!
normal heart: joe mantello gives the most riveting, honest, passionate, brilliant performance i've seen in years. i am so deeply impressed.
saw the normal heart tonight. riveting. i'm a mess. all gay people should be required to see it. all straight people will be changed by it.
saw anything goes tonight. really great. sutton foster is never not amazing. she's like a perfect robot person.
i must say, new york theatre is so impressive this year! tonight i saw motherfu**er with the hat. i fucking loved it.
the love of my life and daddy to our twins - @davidburtka - was born today. i am very glad he was. would you send him a b'day message?
i still can't stop thinking about the show last night. moody, sexy, edgy. it's like existing in a david lynch movie. www.sleepnomorenyc.com
saw sleep no more tonight. 1 of the single greatest things i've ever seen. immersive theatre on a whole other level: www.sleepnomorenyc.com
nyc-ers: my friend nick has a hilarious show he co-writes called shells, and it's at joe's pub tonight. critic's pick:
saw the play good people at mtc tonight. it's so impressive to watch such adept actors live on stage. and to think they do it 8x a week!
book of mormon tonight. hardest i've laughed during a show in years. a f***ing plus. everyone is brilliant. must must see.
more theatah: saw matinee of catch me if you can. norbert leo butz is outstanding. aaron tveit (again, robbed!) is so crazy gifted.
crows=crowds. stupid thumbs...
just saw sister act on b'way. no expectations - and we loved it. patina miller (the lead) has every reason to win a tony.
i'm trying to find a really great ventriloquist puppet, with lots of clever articulation. and oddly, there is no punchline. any leads?
himym season 6 finale is tonight! you should watch, as one character will die! not really, but it's a funny show:
just saw priscilla, queen of the desert on broadway. gayest thing i've ever seen, in the good way. audience loved it, as did i.
@gottaloveyou1 the other day i announced that i would have a sex change just so i could have a chance with @actuallynph. --- that's hot.
a great, great documentary about a junior magician competition is playing for one week in ny:
@georgaldinho: i think i've turned gay for you.  ---  that's hot.
my friend and great magician derek (@derek_del) is performing a magic show live, via twitter, on 5/19. whuua?
and, just like that, we found her some housing!  thanks for the help, all.  as per yoojh, my twitter team rules.
the tony awards are now on twitter: (timpani...) @thetonyawards  (and spin it, and spot it, and spin it, and spin it, and splits!)
i'm hosting this year's tony awards.  (crouch, snap! - step, snap! - step, snap! - jazz hands!)
just came upon this cool site.  it's basically a trailer, but looks spooky and involves puppets, so i must share:  www.thespiritcabinet.com
oof.  just ate a giant, nasty beef burrito for dinner. happy cinco de mayoh, no..!
oops. mormon, not morman. (insert your own joke here: ____________ )
tony nominations today. book of morman nabbed the most. wonder which number they will be allowed do on the show? censors must be nervous!
everyone is sitting around my living room, mouths agape. wow, what a night. thank you, mr. president, for such an eloquent speech.
going to a friend's to watch the ufc fights tonight.  i need to learn how to discipline the babies once they become toddlers.
sorry i haven't tweeted lately. the monkeys are teething, and drool is everywhere. as it turns out, the iphone is not a great pacifier.
i'm directing my first multi camera pilot for cbs in a few short hours. hoping the comedy stars align, and all goes swell. fingers crossed!
eating the most delicious sushi dinner at asanebo, in studio city. the food is blowing my mind hole:
relaxing on a sunday afternoon.  my heart is full of love:
good news: i just received my shorty award in the mail.  less good news: it arrived broken and a bit shattered.  #likemyspirit
watched the first part of amc's new series the killing. i'm hooked. loving it. hoping the murder mystery makes a big comeback.
just saw this:
gadzooks, was that company experience grueling! and just like that, it's done. crazy. if you saw it, great. if not, i hear you might soon...
@meritthorson @jeremysmolik congrats, you two.
this company gig is kicking my arse. soo proud of all involved. but i forgot how exhausting it is!  two shows tomorrow... send good vibes.
just arrived into chilly nyc to start rehearsals for company. show starts in five days. sweet lamb, i've got a lot to learn...
my friend @marycmccormack is back on in plain sight. the new season starts soon, so set your dvrs. she's great and it films in abq (bonus!).
... april fools ...

my followers rock.
oooh, i gotta good tweet. here goes: 'aw snap, those kardashians is so craaazy! wtf?!?'

good, right?
so i won a shorty award for tweeting. very cool. but now there's too much pressure. i don't know what to say. i have tweeter's block...
muu haa haa!

muu ha haaa haaaaaa!  

first the book, then... the world!!  


harry houdini was born on this day, 137 years ago.  when using handcuffs or other restraints tonight, please do so in his honor.
@mikenitty91 mike, i appreciate your saying that.  thanks, man.  that was a cool thing to acknowledge.  props to you.
big new himym on tonight. barney finally meets his pop. i'm really proud of the way it turned out. if you're able, please watch.
@heterosexismdoc sorry mate. my dance card is fill right now.
@packman1984 hey what kind of phone do u have?....patrick williams from indianapolis // iphone (rocks). 3g (rocks). at&t (not so much).
times up. just shift all the letters one space to the left. it's called the 'caeser cipher'. nice wits, those that solved. well played.
more of a puzzle than a riddle.  enjoy.
xibu 2071t nvsefsfs ibwf j qmbzfe potubef? hp up 'playdeadnyc.com' xjui uif sjhiu botxfs boe zpv'mm xjo 41% pgg ujdlfut up 'qmbz efbe'.
in honor of my friend @mrteller (of penn &) and his good taste in theatre, i'm gonna tweet a riddle soon that rewards those who solve it...
@petesawesome my advice? bad relationships provide knowledge you'll need for the good one. nph from h&k? bang some strange. our babies rock.
i've decided to start replying to more tweets. so every time i check twitter, i'm gonna respond to the latest one. we'll see how it goes...
congrats to josh radnor for writing/directing/producing/starring in the new film happythankyoumoreplease. homey is talented. in la/ny now.
himym picked up for 2 more years! yahoo! with so much job security, i should buy something extravagant. like a pony. or some gold teeth!
john boehner: no disrespect, but please don't claim to speak for all americans and what they want their leaders to focus on. you don't.
charlie sheen's done lost his crackers...  #teamcbs
just bought a new (and expennsive!) baby monitor system from summer infant. staring at the many screens makes me feel like a bond villain...
gearing up to do lotsta of press for @beastlymovie this week. you name it: bench, permanent, full court, im.  get ready.
great time at the grammy!  now before we go home to tuck in the babies we get wasted in arcade fire's tour bus. 'night, night!
nicki minaj's hair made me hungry for carnival snacks.
i must say, watching the crew backstage strike and set up 18 different acts is amazing. truly. they deserve an award themselves.
mick jagger can work a staaaage!  but listening to the song, i'm not quite sure who exactly he needs...
holy cripes..!  ninjas!!
big fan of the monocle. so glad to see it making a comeback.
muse: masterful use of screens. excellent.
alright, it's decided. i'm going with the wrestling singlet and the glitter. can't wait!!
excited for my 1st grammys! what should i wear? i'm thinking a black tux with that metal robot headpiece will.i.am wore at the super bowl.
just finished a long, exhilarating day filming with @john_lithgow. so talented. such a wonderful vibe. very lucky to have him on the show.
@realjoeyfatone thanks, jf. that means a lot coming from someone in the rent family. best to you, n
great fun, the super bowl. loved it.  #whatsoproudlywewatched
very, very excited for the super bowl!! i have no allegiance to either team, so... go pittsbay steeckers!!
cbs just emailed me promos for the katy perry ep of himym. not sure if i'm supposed to tweet 'em yet. oops.
this pic kind of sums up my life right now:
the tots both started laughing. on the same day. i'm now obsessed with getting them to do it.  babies laughing is like opium.
@ralphanatorx no, never.
@caleb5107 it's not me.  i'm anti-facebook.
i'm interviewing brian henson at sf sketchfest on sunday. looking for some good, unique questions.  any thoughts?
finding time to exercise is difficult with babies. i'm thinking of trying p90x. thoughts?
@gabrielmoro i'm been told by the higher ups not to tweet a pic of the two of us. trying to figure a way around that one. stay tuned.
worked with @katyperry today.  great times.  she made me love my job.  i'm a fan.
ny theatre: go see playdeadnyc.com. fun, ghostly chills and unholy resurrection. plus, the perfect excuse to grope your date in the dark.
happy b'day @nisadwyz. hope it's a stellar year for ya.
one of my favorite charities, trevor project, is in the running to win a shorty award. votes are appreciated:
saw spiderman musical last night. won't review, as still in previews. will say this: the two leads (@reevecarney & jennifer damiano) rock.
sincere thanks for all the pca votes. couldn'ta done it withoutcha. (cue music) also like to thank the cast, the crew, my agents, and finall
if you're in la, check out an art show opening friday at gallery1988.  100 artists paying tribute to comedians!
i'm a grown man.  i'm 37 years old.  and yet, i still giggle when anyone says the word 'duty'.  why is that?
neil's new year resolutions, part last: make shorter lists.
neil's new year resolutions, part 9: drink one glass of water for every glass of booze. hmm, i'll think i'll start that now...
neil's new year resolutions, part 7: spend a small part of every day reading.  not surfing, not searching - just reading.
neil's new year resolutions, part 6: host less, sleep more.
neil's new year resolutions, part 5: learn to speak baby.
neil's new year resolutions, part 3: try not to insult aged soap stars, especially when you're on the same network.
neil's new year resolutions, part 2: much more yoga. long, lean muscles. calm, clear mind.
neil's new years resolutions, part 1: return emails and texts in a timely manner.
ho ho ho, 'ho!  merrrrry christmaaaas! i hope you got everything on your list, and a few things you didn't even know you wanted!  xoxo, n
merry christmas eve, everyone!  here's a kigass little vid to keep you staying festive: 
i may be in the minority, but i'm crazy excited to see the new epic spiderman stunt show on b'way. bono+taymor+technology+danger=yes please.
love dan & jen. love watching them interact with the twins. i'm noticing that babies make everyone act so lovey and giddy. it's awesome.
opened presents tonight with david's dad and sister, who are leaving tomorrow. great gifts!  bbc sherlock dvd, new sondheim book, many gcs.
i'm kinda loving that i failed the twitter spelling challenge.
my favorite holiday song: 12 days of christmas, by the muppets. why: beaker singing 'mee mee mee mee mee mee!' slays me.
now i feel bad for the d-bag comment. don't know the guy personally. i'm just fiercely protective of our show.
now i feel bad for the d-bag comment. don't know the guy personally. i'm just fiercely protective of our show. jpk
himym holiday party today after work. can't wait. it's catered by... @gourmetmd!  deee - wait for it - licious!
we've recast with ray wise, a fantastic actor who makes any part 'substantial'.  super excited to welcome him to the family!
eric braeden is a d-bag. the actor, (robin's dad) agreed to a cameo, then last night bailed, saying the part wasn't 'substantial' enough.
there is still hope for a dadt repeal! voting saturday, it seems.  i hope so. fingers are calloused from crossing them so much...
rest in peace, blake edwards.  you gave us more than a lifetime of laughs...
is glenn close starring in a new harry houdini biopic?

the hot vga trophy girl is wearing a metal dress, so she can't sit down. all night.
backstage at the vgas. show is going well, live is nerve-wracking. but these premieres are unreal. technology rules!
the senate just rejected the repeal for don't ask, don't tell, 57-40.  i'm stunned, and more upset than i thought i would be...
@frankdecaroshow true, frank.  i love you, too.
i'm so glad that howard stern signed up for another 5 years at sirius/xm! he (and @rqui) makes driving in la something i look forward to!
please, please senators.  please vote to end don't ask, don't tell.
why would anyone choose that default robot greeting on their outgoing voicemail? does anyone want to 'leave a callback number'? ever?
i just got a call from the people's choice people. i'm in dead last place. fewer vote than the movie salt...
what i'm thankful for, part last:  all of your hilarious responses today. but i have to say, most of all, more than anything, i'm thankful f
sorry.  sorry.  harper was playing with my iphone...
what i'm thankful for, part 9: eeeeechkt... unnng, unnnnnng, baaah... eechhhhkt... waaaaahhhh!  waaaaaaaaahhhh!!!
what i'm thankful for, part 8: michaels shannon & stuhlbarg in boardwalk empire, green chiles, robert sabuda, garrett's chicago mix popcorn
what i'm thankful for, part 6: a great meal from @gourmetmd (
what i'm thankful for, part 5: my mom, who's new to twitter (@gladsheila), pixar everything, omakase sushi, kristin wiig, the magic castle
what i'm thankful for, part 4: nachos.
what i'm thankful for, part 2: barney stinson, leftover turkey sandwiches, the dopest twitter followers around, bristol not winning dwts.
what i'm thankful for, part 1: david b & the wonder twins, haagen daz chocolate peanut butter ice cream, the walking dead on amc, ianything
oops, sorry.  typo.  i said 39th annual - i meant 93rd annual.  yeah.  it's allll that. sometimes funny, often not.  many tweets to come...
west coast theatre peeps, go see a fun british panto - cinderella: www.cinderellalivela.com opens saturday, thru dec. 19th. good family fun!
my thanksgiving break starts right... wait for it... now!  yahooooo!
@jeffersanthony keep your chin up, dude. you could be laying in bed with your back out, feet elevated, while babies cry all around you.
i just got a troubling call from the people's choice people. it seems some of you are not meeting your 'five gajillion votes for nph' quota?
i'm wanting to buy a piano. ooh, maybe one that plays itself, like magic! suggestions? is the yamaha disklavier the best? thoughts?
himym guest star alert: i was initially starstruck, and he turned out to be one of the nicest people i've met. 
has anyone been on the california screamin' roller coaster at disney's california adventure lately?  i hear it's better than ever...
'circus', the fantastic new documentary on pbs, starts tonight. compelling stories, amazing shots. i can't recommend it enough. brilliant!
himym could be on the cover of tv guide? what, whaaat?  vote and vote often:
in this sesame street controversy, i keep getting mentioned as the 'shoe fairy'. false! i was the 'fairy shoe person', thank you very much.
check out: www.houseathauntedhill.com  
support your local, home made haunted houses!  i love halloween. so appreciate what these guys do.
baby pic! here's our son: well, sort of. not his face, but his diaper. his poo has changed both color and texture:
i think sleep deprivation is making me punchy. night night.
@fireman_pat  tried to ignore, then it gets picked up by other sites, (ny post, etc.), and becomes understood as fact. daddy no likey.
what's the deal with popeater.com's rob shuter just making up stories? first i'm quitting the biz, now another? it's made up, gang. boooo.
youngsters. they cry a lot. i thought it was just a long bit that they were doing. i keep saying, "annnnd, scene!"... but nothing happens.
babies!!  on 10/12, gideon scott and harper grace entered the burtka-harris fold.  all of us are happy, healthy, tired, and a little pukey.
happy international suit up day, everybody!  hope you wore them with pride.
yeah. international suit up day. stops time. tell your friends.
amazing dinner tonight at bizarre restaurant. yum. modern techniques to create delicious small courses, like this:
the sentence is in order.  just not the one you think.
@jaa_lon well played!
my last tweet is a bit of a game.  have fun encrypting.
iy uar ati tete akhn, moyuf vr tfag elg reio ar ofea etcbmews hdencof.
at knott's scary farm!  13 mazes. you must go! my best friend ed alonzo has a show here.  he's awesome: 
was in ny today to promote himym being in syndication, starting today. twice a day. everywhere. all the time. cable-icious..!
scratch that. this event is kick ass fantastic. old footage of the making of disney audio animatronics figures from the 60s. very very rad.
i'm at the disneyland hotel, attending and hosting a conference on the history of theme park technology. i'm stoked and kind of ashamed.
sexy crowd at these fashion fetes. models and hotness at every turn. my view of the strokey goodness: 
after party at the frigging metropolitan opera!  watching the strokes perform. in the lobby! unreal.
just left the tommy hilfiger runway show and party. how very fashiontastic! 
my sincere and heartfelt condolences to whoopi goldberg and the loss of her mother last week. so sad. please send good thoughts their way.
break a leg tonight, @jimmyfallon.  i can't wait to watch this year's emmys with you at the helm. my spidey-sense says that you'll rock!
break a leg tonight, @jimmyfallon.  i can't wait to watch this year's emmys with you at the helm. my spidey-sense says that you'll rock!
and a very fetching crowd, to boot.  nice people.  good times.
just participated in a benefit for www.musicaltheatresw.com in abq, after a fire destroyed all their inventory. donations would rock.
hey there, twitterland.  as you followers have been so nice to me, i thought i'd return the favor with a scoop: we've decided to name our tw
rumor watch 2010: i'm absolutely not leaving la or the business. errant reporting, popeater. total bunk. oh, and good morning everyone!
f'in h..!  i spelled his name wrong. kevin pollak. no 'c'. sorry, good sir. fun, lengthy interview. kevinpollakschatshow.com.
about to tape kevin pollack's chat show. kevinpollackschatshow.com. live. right now. if you're into that sort of thing.
sytycd finale tonight. i was rooting for robert, but completely satisfied that lauren won. such a great series. they're super human people.
thanks, @envelope.   boomer rules.
@thepageisblank every edit was solely due to time. had to trim almost 20 minutes, due to hb curfew. still tried to maintain flow. tricky.
too busy with rent rehearsals to applaud the decimation of prop 8?  crikey, i've gotta get my priorities in check...
first run thru of the entire show tomorrow, after 5 days of rehearsals!!  i'm so, so proud of this cast. they are uniformly fantastic.
sorry for not tweeting lately.  directing this rent maelstrom is all encompassing. totally overwhelming, yet the time of my life.
fred's brother watson is jealous about all of fred's positive twitter response. so in the spirit of dogquality: 
pic from even earlier in the drive: oh my god! aaah!  it so bright, and so vivid! aaaaah! (sob) it's so beautiful! 
pic from earlier in the drive: our dog fred was squinting in my lap, so i helped him out. 
road tripping across america with david and 
the dogs. i never knew utah had such amazing terrain:
best polish meal ever. polish village in hamtramck. next course: golbki (stuffed cabbage). i feel like bourdain. 
david is 100% polish. just ate duck's blood soup. surprisingly delicious. called czarnina.  bring it.
not sure about the rest of the movie (though it has tom lennon, who is hilariawesome), but the nph stuff is crazy, nutso,  out of control.
just wrapped harold & kumar 3. in 3d, no less! had a crazy fun time filming. i think it'll be funny. dark and super raw, but still funny.
bravo, argentina, for being the first country in latin america to legalize gay marriage!  ahhh, progress -
lindsay lohan crying in the courtroom - true, authentic regret or yet another theatrical performance? so hard to tell with actresses...
this year's emmys should be fun, so many friends will be there!  very excited about @jessetyler and his nomination. albuquerque represent!
happy 4th of july, all! here in greece, we will be celebrating not with firecrackers, but with dried crackers made of small barley rusks...
in santorini, greece. epic cliff town with the most fantastic sunsets. life does not suck:
@nessaaahudgenss  love that you're working so hard in preparation, v hudge.  i'm excited to see what you will bring to the table.
went to a trendy gay beach in mykonos called elia.  lots of posturing, lots of exposed aged wieners. it was all rather intimidating.
experienced the mermaid parade today at coney island. lots of glittery, spandexy bodies that don't often wear such wears. i loved it!
getting a star on the hollywood walk of fame - awesome. having it be in the same year as the muppets - priceless.
thank you all for such amazing birthday tweets. and to my fellow june 15ers, right back atcha. a nice day to be born. xo
rode rides, saw shows, including the new world of color at dca.  brilliant! puts the bellagio fountain shows to shame. bravo, mr. lasseter!
so, as part of my b'day adventures (which is actually tomorrow, there's still time to shop), i got taken to disneyland! with a vip guide!!
bravo, sean hayes!  you helmed the tonys with charm, grace, and humor. very well played, sir.
things i want for my birthday, chapter 7: a goose that lays gold eggs for easter, map to one-eyed willie's treasure, lifetime supply of tums
changed my mind.  instead of socks, i want a three bedroom loft in soho.
things i want for my birthday, chapter 5(ish): giant labyrinth hedge maze, many lengthy massages, an immunity idol from survivor, and socks.
errr... that was chapter 4.1.
@theblumtheblum   congrats, team!  first place, over the net high-five!
@jimmykimmel mr. kimmei, i accept!
things i want for my birthday, chapter 3: a working, authentic fortune teller booth, and danielle staub's sex tape - but only on blu-ray.
things i want for my birthday, chapter 2: haunted mansion memorabilia, an actual muppet, the superpower to eliminate oil from water, a pony.
things i want for my birthday (6/15), chapter 1:  an iphone 4, magical automatons, original banksy art, and 1 million followers.
wow, you are all testy.  a potential *new* mortal kkkkombat movie.  yeesh...
mortal combat, the movie? check it:
@darcyglavine i wanna see it!  did anyone record the show? is it online?
had such a kigass time cohosting on @live_regis_kelly. ripa rules. i wish i could come back every day.
saw @stuffedandunstrung last night atthe union square theatre. henson r-rated improv puppet comedy. loved it so much! please, please go!
facebook is super lame. 

f-tothe-y-tothe-i, i'm not on it. never had been. not a facebooker. feel free to let the imposters know.

lame.
pulled off david's surprise 35th birthday party last night. masterfully, if i do say so myself. great, great good times. he was gobsmacked.
i haven't read the reviews, don't know the consensus. but i watched the @lost finale last night, and i loved it! bravo cast/crew/creators!
theatre time: just saw david cromer's fantastic production of our town. michael shannon's last night as stage manager. so, so moving.
about to be on hour four of the today show. kathy lee and hoda.  these chicks be crazy, yo!  send good vibes... 
holy f-ing ess, i'm trending!  coooool!  thanks for the kind glee words, gang. i just landed into nyc, so i missed it!  no spoilers!!  xo, n
some early news about the new cbs fall lineup. not sure if i'm supposed to say, but you're my friend, so why not: this year himym is going t
mussssst sleeeep...  need to bed a sleep to find on.  sooo tiiire...      ...     ...         ...          ...        ...    ...    ..d..
tonight's smurf filming is the first in a string of all nighters. i beg your forgiveness, in advance, if my tweets are punchy and random.
i love that nph.com is the nazarene publishing house. i wonder if they'd let me hock merchandise..
@mikus16 happy 18th, young mike.
@pepevolt thanks, jose. i love me some land of enchantment!
@javier_alvarez not spam, mofo. this is a show i've produced, that i'm gonzo excited about! i want people to see it, at a discount, no less.
thanks, aa employee kim (@dtw) for being great at your job. helpful to all, hero to me. fixed delta f-up #2 this am, with minutes to spare.
oh, nwa = northworst airlines, not the kick-ass rappers.
last delta flight from dtw to nyc cancelled! disembarked and sprinted 1/4 mile to queue for flights tomorow. thanks, old-nwa, u still suck.
almost done casting rent for the hollywood bowl. it's like alchemy - a bit of this type, a dash of that. i'm excited.
david burtka, my better half, has joined the twitter revolution! well, he has through his new catering company: @gourmetmd  give a follow!
question: what's your favorite beer?  mine, hands down, is magic hat #9. delicious, involves 'magic', and has fortune in the bottle cap!
the muppets recorded a podcast with the brilliant chris hardwick (@nerdist).
the show was very breezy, very mad men.  katie finneran killed.  i am a fan of rob ashford, too.  easy, throwback, musical comedy fun.
saw the opening of promises, promises last night on broadway.  i thought it was just an 80's hit by naked eyes.  i now know better...
just left an east village staple: decible sake bar. 9th x 2nd & 3rd. good times. off to the theatre.  walking is hilarious!
i dare say my favorite alcoholic beverage is cold sake. leaves me happy, buoyant, a little giggly. drinking it now. close second: tequila.
saw american idiot last night on the big, broad way. loved loved it! thrashing and twitching, sweating and spit. powerful stuff.

go.
@jessetyler perhaps you could bounce at the knees and sing it, like 'day-o'?  

you're welcome.
had so much fun going to accomplice: hollywood yesterday & taking friends that hadn't done it! /via @perezhilton  www.accomplicetheshow.com
i screwed up the link in my last accomplice post, so i'll retweet with a www.  come see the show!  it's rad.
the always amazing amy acker (wife to ber talent @thejimmycarp) has joined twitter! clever title: @amyacker  feel free to follow them both!
our appetizer was a roasted dove that mario batali shot himself earlier today. as a foodie, i was stoked.  as a magician, i was ashamed...
ate with david burtka, amy acker and @thejimmycarp. he's amazing in rock of ages on broadway. see it. hilarious.
just watched david burtka perform at birdland in nyc.  beautifully sung.  i didn't think my heart could get much fuller...
@emmarler wow.  classy.  feel free to not attend.
@kathryn17 rt @actuallynph  do you ever tweet fans or just perez and other celebrities?   -- no, just celebs.
@perezhilton: agreed. most mimis have been much older. but there's something tragic and vulnerable and raw about a very young addict...
@perezhilton: zoe is great, but mimi is 19.  i think casting someone age specific, especially at the hollywood bowl, will have added impact.
@perezhilton: mimi's not a hooker. addict, yes. you're saying, because of her past roles, vanessa can't play that? i respectfully disagree.
fans of dr. horrible, feast your eyes on:
nyc is sexy.  just finished dinner at a new restaurant the collective on little w.12th. neo junkyard chic! great food, hot vibe. love ny.
i want an ipad soooo...much...it, it, the fee- it...flame. flames. flames? on the side of my face...breathing, breathl- heaving breaths...
@joannehumes i'm not performing in it, i'm directing. for the hollywood bowl. aug. 6-8. have a few surprises up our sleeves. can't wait.
@blackbeltncrazy  i must respectfully disagree. tim is a consumate pro and he's treated everyone kindly.  who is your client?
rent auditions going swell. pleasantly surprised by the west coast talent pool..! tim weil (original md) is on board, and he's masterful.
glee wrap up: super talented, ber nice group. they all work so hard, and deserve all their current kudos. morrison is the man. joss rules.
oops... errr... dwayne didn't find my last tweet as funny as i did: 
dwayne has donned an apron and disappeared back into the galley. i don't know what exactly he's doing, but it smells delicious..!
hank azaria will be playing gargamel for the smurfs film, not just providing a voice. he'll be live action. perfect casting, can't wait!
post-glee day 2 wrap up: filmed the musical number. sweaty fun. matt morrison is great. always on point. (not as in ballet. professionally.)
highbrow himym cameo - ten letters: death document + legless pantz.  i'm a fan. i geeked out. 
being asked to open the oscars - awesome.  rehearsing and performing - awesome.  reading some of the vitriolic reaction - not quite so much.
i told you i wasn't doing a duet...
@tarasis why?  smurfs are rad.
i will not be performing a duet with martin short to open the oscars. misinformation, i'm afraid. should i maybe pull a kanye, mid-show?
@jessiedymack no trouble at all, actually.  those who aren't understanding have more to learn.
@jessiedymack stand tall. be proud of who you are. don't break promises. want to learn. represent well. but more than anything, be safe.
so i'm directing the hollywood bowl's staged concert version of rent.  random question #72: who would be ideal to cast and for what role?
bobsleds are cool.  they look so modern.  i wonder what's inside of them?  cup holders?  ipod docks?  mood lighting?  flat screen tvs?
olympic curling - riveting!  but what's with all the shouting at each other?  they sound like lion tamers in the circus:  hup. hup! huuuup!
i friggin' love the olympics. i never thought i could care so much for people or sports that i just learned about six minutes beforehand.
oh, and happy valentine's day, everyone!  i hope you spent some time being open to love, being expressive in your feelings, and cuddling.
rad! la weekly names accomplice: hollywood one of 2009's top 20 best in theater!  www.accomplicetheshow.com  go buy tickets now. it's dope.
follow friday pick: the dan band. one of the most hilarious, best concerts ever. google 'em. better yet, follow 'em: @thedanband  eff yeah.
the ever-hilarious craig ferguson has joined twitter. @craigyferg  please make him feel welcome, or i fear he'll start drinking again...
ok, major gossip on j.lo, y'all! we were hanging out on set today, between takes. she turns to me and says, dig this: "neil, i'm going to tr
i get to work with jennifer lopez on friday.  j. lo.  i get to work with her.  yep.  i'm gonna get my work on with her.  nph and j, um, lo.
to all my twitter pals that came to the cube taping, that stayed all the way to the end: i thank you for sticking around, and for being rad.
i must say that @derrenbrown could have the greatest apartment i have ever seen in all my days. i'm in awe. and he's super cool, to boot.
@derrenbrown could have the greatest apartment i have ever seen in all my days. holy amazing magic! i'm in awe. and he's very cool, to boot.
random question #681: what was your favorite game show growing up?  what's your favorite game show now?  me: match game and survivor
i'm never leaving himym. that job rocks. this would just have me doing double duty on the tiffany network. (huh, huh. i said double duty...)
apparently the kelly ripa that demands you to submit to be her friend is a fraud.  i'm glad, because the real ripa is dope and would never!
everyone follow jesse tyler ferguson (@jessetyler) and kelly ripa (@regis_and_kelly) so they will stop talking smack. btw, london is grand.
just heard that the pasadena playhouse is closing in early feb:
as much as i love me my iphone, it's unbelivadiculous how crazy often my calls get dropped. curse you, at&t and your exclusivity!!
if you live in l.a. or are visiting or have friends in town, read this:
woo hoo!!  season six is official! now i can totally buy things and gamble lots and walk through the rest of season five!!  best news ever!!
last night's haiti telethon was both exhilarating and humbling. so much passion and concern.
this week's awesome guest star:
@rainnwilson happy birthday, mr. wilson!  thanks for the laughs, for the talent, for the tweets. may this year be a great one for you. xo, n
dudes, i voted for @trevorproject to win $1 mm with #chasegiving on fb. please fan, vote, and rt!
sitting directly in front of this guy:
spoiler alert: wah, wah, waaaah...
in the car heading to the golden globes. pouring rain. i wonder how it'll affect all that fancy hair. so glad i didn't choose an up-do...
reading all the stories/tweets about haiti.  so, so sad. the devastation just seems insurmountable. hope to hear some positive news soon...
@zefrenchy nice pic, thanks.  you can stop rting everyone now.
final himym 100th post (probably not):  i found this making of vid, thought you might dig it. 
spread the word, peeps.  himym episode #100 airs tonight! let's get 30 katrillion majillion people to watch.  ok, maybe 29...
here's a link to commentary!: 
now i need a massage. best masseuse in the valley?  suggetions?
new year resolutions going strong! started doing pilates - part cirque du soliel, part s&m sex club. lotsa springs and pully contraptions.
paley center was awesome.  so proud of himym.  really proud of the show.  episode 100 is hot.  i found this:
@revenfuego again, i was formally thanking those that were mentioned publicly for representing, and nothing more:
@heathermarie79 dude, i was thanking him in the context of supporting me in that afterelton poll.  i thanked everyone that rallied troops.
big ups to @feliciaday, @nathanfillion, @nerdist, @alydenisof, @jimmyfallon, @halsparks, @alyssa_milano, @jessetyler, @perezhilton. respect.
@neilpatrickbenn love, boss benn.
oh, and labyrinth 2!  how could i forget that!?!  love me some labyrinth 2.  i'm stumped on some.  i'm not afraid to say it - i'm stumped..!
and npr.  damn it, the right answer is npr.  shoulda said that.  it's great.  you should pledge.  love npr.  it's on my homepage.  carry on.
ok, funish question: what are your two favorite iphone apps? 1 game and 1 productive type.  or 2 games.  but the bestest!    

ready..?  go:
ok, funish question: what are your two favorite iphone apps? 1 game and 1 productive type.  or 2 games.  but the bestest!    

ready..?  go:
strange. feels like this is turning adversarial. know that i'm a fan of jb and if he wins this poll, i'll happily stand right behind him...
yowza! just got home. who knew barrowman liked to play so rough? i need one final nph push! (that sounded naughty...)
if you're feeling it, throw a vote my way:  
@jzashu i've been in a remote town near cancun, spotty wifi. went to the largest, oddest water park there called xcaret. cool, yet loco!
merry christmas, gangstas! hope you get many gifts, drink booze a'plenty, and eat a meal to remember. i'm in brooklyn. rep. resent!  ho ho h
@mitchlschwartz i'm done with the whole 140 character joke. i looked back at my history of tweets, and was shocked. the overt repetition isn
@teresakea to throw insults at our holiday dinner?!?  shame, teresa.  shaaaaaame.  how bout this: you're boring!  bang - school'd.
next to normal on broadway. fan-frigging-tastic!  see it at once.  original cast. wow. aaron tveit leaves soon. hurry. it's a life changer.
tree trimmed. balls hung. good times. 

lookie:
happy harlem holidays!!  finally arrived (layover in vegas - won $9.50 in slots!), got us a tree, about to trim.  yeah, that kinda trim...
sushi post script: kiwami sushi rocked my brain hole. thanks for all the suggestions.  i'm lucky to live near such amazing fresh fish.
best sushi in studio city area?  suggestions, please.
@iagad  kungaloosh, meghan!  kunga. loosh.
thanks, gang, for the globe love.  i'm most excited to be in the same category as michael emerson!  his work on lost is spectacumazing.
favorite website for cool things to buy: @uncrate i check it daily. gear, gadgets, tools, clothes. they cull and link to other sites. dope.
the celebrated chef: 
christina hendrick's holiday party. david's providing food. has a catering company now. delish!  here's the spread:
@everythingloria thanks, glo!  we miss you at the himym!  it's episode 101, called 'jenkins'. amanda peet guest stars. she's rad.
directing himym this week. equal parts overwhelm, education, and exhilaration. but directing while acting in a scene - very strange.  meta.
two secret service agents tackled me as i went up to robert kennedy jr., pulled my hand out of my pocket and pointed at his gut. so no pic.
sitting in hotel.  doorbell!  in walks bobby kennedy.  yeah, i just chilled with bobby kennedy.  that's how i roll.  pointing pic to come!
just arrived into park city.  entirely unprepared for the weather.  i somehow realized that i would be skiing, yet forgot it would be cold!
there r fewer things better than great meals with my newly chef'd bf. tonight: momofuku sam then milk bar, nyc. why do i always tweet food?
wi-fi during your flight is the greatest advancement in aviation since, well, the airplane.
@_malik_ not only do i remember, i appreciated it greatly.
back home. mexican food is great, but aaahh...  suuuuuuushi..!
watching late night web soup marathon on g4. chris hardwick, heck, the whole show, is high-spanking-larious. a must tivo! (he's @nerdist)
fyi - starting arguments around the thanksgiving dinner table is a bad idea.  unless you're drinking.  then it's hilarious.
i do like actualnph. but should i have just gone simple? maybe i can convince @neil to let me take that one. better? ooh, no, i've got it: @
maybe i chose the wrong twitter name. when i read everyone's posts,  it seems like you're correcting me.
muppets bohemian rhapsody!!  if you haven't yet seen it - do. 
@sciencemandan  nice. we already approached tyra banks, but her schedule is crazy this year...
@renthead4409 i try to keep a prop from every gig i've done. yes, i have the goggles.  i wear them when i tan.
@joaorabay we all know this is you, josh radnor.  why don't you just use your real name when you tweet?
just saw penn & teller at the rio. always have new material. awesome. pic of them giving me some magic pointers: 
@tutakalaka i don't know that i agree w/ you. i actually directed that parody commercial and it seems overt in it's comedy. made me laugh.
discussed twitter during the segment. took a pic of the crowd:
make-up chair with mama ripa:  
about to tape regis&kelly at encore in vegas. sweet lamb, this hotel is classy!  and k.ripa = good luck at the blackjack table! pics 2 come.
@hitrecordjoe sending u good west coast vibes, jgl!  kill it on snl!
at the cnn hero awards, which airs on thanksgiving. a must see. i have never been more humbled or moved. amazing.  
make that @stacykeibler, guys. she just reprimanded me. for spelling her name wrong, not for my pointing at her teets.
stacey keibler guesting on himym. hot, funny, and talented.  i must say, she's a real quintuple threat. 
feeling much better. wait... ah, ah... aahh
cough! cough! people's choicecough! awardcough!  sorry, must be allergies...
is asking you to cast a vote for an award show cheesy?  if so, we never had this conversation.  if not, i would sure dig a vote for this ye
listen gang, not all of these teets will be for comedy.  sometimes i have actual things to say. charity is important. i've always said, "nev
at good news for kids gala, honoring my great friend becky baeling. she is amazing, as is the phoenix house organization. well played, beck!
that @broslife is one handsome devil..!  ah, if only i was... oh wait.
@sigafoos  - best idea ever.  do it.  go on.  do it.  everyone's doin' it.  it's the cool thing to do.
so many super cool responses.  a thousand thanks everyone.  this is fun.  no more 140 character hulabaloo, though. even i am beginning to ti
himym's 100th episode musical number. dance steps by glee's prod/choreo zach woodlee. cool. watch me point at him:
ok.  so.  now that i've figured out this 140 character stuff, get this - tim gunn bursts out of his room, walks right up to me and says, "ne
on set. best guest star ever!  the entire cast/crew was super stoked. no one more than me:
prfkt.  thx 4 l th advyc evry1. this s a way ezr way 2 cmunik8.  un42n8ly, itz takn me 3 hrz 2 ryt, but itz much pre4d 2 gtn cut off lyk i u
'morning.  reading backlog of responses and sipping coffee.  how many times should one tweet per day?  btw this character limit hokum is pis
holy pete, so many responses!  thanks, gang!  i'm still trying to figure out which button does what..!  and this 140 character limit is craz
felicia day is popular. she mentions me and twitter and kablammo!
my first tweet, peeps.  i apologize in advance for my slow learning curve.  nice to (sort of) meet you.  it's amazing how quickly 140 charac
my first tweet, peeps.  i apologize in advance for my slow learning curve.  nice to (sort of) meet you.  it's amazing how quickly 140 charac
my first tweet, peeps.  i apologize in advance for my slow learning curve.  nice to (sort of) meet you.  it's amazing how quickly 140 charac
my first tweet, peeps.  i apologize in advance for my slow learning curve.  nice to (sort of) meet you.  it's amazing how quickly 140 charac
my first tweet, peeps.  i apologize in advance for my slow learning curve.  nice to (sort of) meet you.  it's amazing how quickly 140 charac
19 gifs of animals knocking out kids because we all need this right now
this hot new ad for our game is the most sensual thing you'll ever experience:
want to win a trip to la to visit our office and be in a video? buy our game and here's how you can make it happen:
smoke weed every christmas shirts available now in our @bustedtees store! 
"quit your job, leave your family and do nothing but watch the wire." -white people when they hear you've never seen the wire
our basement is sexy as fuck for the holidays.
someone who rts wins a ron burgundy scotchy scotch toss glass! get the game for iphone/ipad:
damn, that's a pretty good donut.
why is wikipedia always asking for money? do they have a coke problem?
eight nights of alcohol and free stuff you'll never use. hanukkah is basically jewish sxsw.
7 amazon prime air drone competitors
we've got a new video w/ @best_coast coming out tomorrow! strictly for people who like balls.
in the dramatic season finale of lady time, the gals head to the salad convention but run into some limo trouble:
want to stay on top of the latest food trend? then you need to see these 8 foods that go great with blue paint:
knowshon moreno crying goes predictably perfect with "cry me a river" by justin timberlake:
oh shit. amazon prime air might be leading us into a world we're not entirely prepared for...
amazon prime air + dominos pizza tracker = nobel peace prize
23 gifs of bill murray being straight-up delightful
all of our priceless @bustedtees shirts are $12 w/ code "cybermon" in honor of cyber monday! go get 'em:
if a person tells you their name is haiku, is it socially acceptable to respond, "are you serious?"
watching @peteholmes interview @conanobrien is like a bizarro late night tv world that's still funny:
watching dads fight used to be the only way for kids to have fun. lucky for dads, we've got a new party game:
hanukkah dinner after thanksgiving feels about as exciting as jury duty after coachella.
thanks to everyone who went out to buy our game today! here's where you can get it if you're more of an indoor kid:
thankful for that time bill pullman was president and he flew an f-16 to blow up some aliens.
thanksgiving eve at your hometown bar is a black friday sale for banging someone who went to your high school.
thanksgiving is finally sexy again with these steamy thanksgiving sex tapes. warning! not safe for turkeys:
comedian @pats24hrs is doing 24 straight hours of standup this friday for a great cause. get involved:
oh! sweet stuffin' by the velvet hungerground #thanksgivingsongs @midnight
tough day at the office.
8 activities that'll make this the best thanksgiving you've ever had
we made an animated short about turkeys killing humans on thanksgiving and we hope you have fun watching it:
google glass is the most advanced technology in stuff you can put on your face to not get laid.
blank check is a science fiction movie set in an alternate reality where one million dollars can buy you a castle full of dope shit.
ron burgundy's scotchy scotch toss game has arrived! 300 new ron burgundy quotes! enjoy:
if you like girls wearing lobster costumes in a hot tub, you're really going to enjoy this week's lady time:
in case you missed it, @sethrogen and @jamesfrancotv's shot-for-shot remake of kanye's "bound 2" video is the best:
black friday orphans: the musical is a new holiday classic about scrappy orphans whose parents died on black friday:
the best of @billcosby's twitter takeover:
thanksgiving: a historical faq is here to answer all your questions about the upcoming holiday
thanksgiving and hanukkah are on the same day!  can @nickkroll do both? find out in his zany new holiday movie:
links! @theonion reviews "the hunger games: catching fire," 39 cats that look like @rickygervais and more
we helped @sarahksilverman make her new comedy special and we'd love it if you tuned in. tonight. 10pm. @hbo.
so your phone's text alert is a duck quack. very good choice. totally normal and not annoying noise to be coming out of your pants 100x a day.
#ff @itsaliveanimate and @jackjohnson one of them animated our @billcosby thanksgiving special and the other one is jack johnson.
it's friday! time to stop reading emails and start enjoying the 21 best gifs of all time of the week:
thanks again to @billcosby for such a phenomenal takeover! please follow him and tweet questions @ him, he'd love to answer a few more.
yes. ladies and gentlemen and children of all ages, this is what i do. signed, mrs. annie pearl hite cosby's oldest child, william
...from that point on, until i raise my hand to say, "goodnight, but not goodbye," we will have had a wonderful, healthy, laughing...
you are sitting in the audience. from the curtain, you see me walk towards the station. you applaud...
@theawesomeator ...like a miner in the hills. digging. deeper. to make a story (i do not create, i invent).
@theawesomeator it starts with a funny thought. a funny feeling...
...however, the company had to stop because of financial diminishing returns. :''(
i think that the pudding pops were my all time favorite commercials because they never filled me up. and i loved to taste them...
central high school! philadelphia, pennsylvania! class of 204! one of the reasons i am who i am.
@paulthemurph a very very wonderful get on.
@flyinglizards ... advice. predictions. how true. this is very difficult because one has to call up the melancholy.
@flyinglizards let's put it this way: one day i thought and found that words addressed in sentences to me...
@alex_sooch if i could watch the otter for three hours a day, it would be better than any relaxing music etc.
@alex_sooch mongoose!
...but dear, it's all they had other than oatmeal jambalaya.
confession to mrs. cosby: i'm sorry, dear, but i ate boneless fried chicken and spicy collard greens this afternoon from dooky chase...
@tweetsfortroops ...it shows the reason for the connection. the subjects to study to acquire the bait. you catch things with bait.
@tweetsfortroops ...we let them smell it, feel it and know that they can have it. the bait...
@tweetsfortroops bait. things that the young people want when they hear about it. we show them...
@jeremiah256 this is what i was writing to @joerin_12. these things make me smile. and i'm coming back to hawaii soon, keep an eye out!
@marygrace_cole tom werner and marcy carsey. great partners.
@rowleytowels strong for our city rivals. unpredictable outside.
i need someone to help me find him. temple university, philadelphia pennsylvania. remedial english class. 1960. back to the questions!
help! i'm looking for a man who was my professor in 1960 of september. remedial english class, temple university.
@willcarb1 ...then i entered the digital age, which exploded. like the wrong thing in a microwave.
@willcarb1 first, there was the pencil. that went on until 1967 and i entered the age of the typewriter...
@joey__t just about everything i did after i spy has cosby or cos in the title. that's my brand. it stands for enjoyable entertainment...
@jessconsultancy remember you are a parent. look it up in the dictionary.
@joerin_12 ...they tell me about my life's work. some of them, 80 years old or more. some, 11, 15, 28, 40. they all have bill cosby stories.
@hollymarie23 golly, that's a long answer. oh my goodness. i will say when i sold out the academy of music in my hometown, philadelphia.
hello! this is bill cosby and i am absolutely forsureidly here.
mr. @billcosby has taken over! tweet questions for him now and read his live answers here:
the track list for r. kelly's new thanksgiving album is out of control:
tech corner w/ @breagrant does a head-to-head comparison of xbox one and $500 worth of rice:
this special melissa bachman edition of zoobooks was not the best idea:
in case you missed it, here's ron burgundy singing rob ford's new campaign song on @teamcoco last night:
hey, guys! @billcosby is taking over this acct tomorrow at 1pm pst! get your questions ready:
the thanksgiving channel is the only station teaching you how to cook thanksgiving dinner live 24/7 365 days a year:
a polite email from george zimmerman's lawyer:
we've got exclusive new footage from anchorman 2 that will rock the shit out of your world:
comedy legend @billcosby is taking over our twitter this friday at 1pm pst to talk to you!
save the last dunk w/ @baron_davis tells the story of a passionate coach and a girl who is terrible at basketball:
get the free new farewell issue of the occasional for ipad and iphone! goodnight, sweet prince.
the face on every american apparel model says, "so, i'm getting paid for this, right?"
can you buy quaaludes on etsy?
the best of @nerdist's twitter takeover
the 16 best gifs of people throwing punches
this new lady time is called "preggers can't be choosers" and it's exactly as glowing and full of life as it sounds:
"hands on ron burgundy" has begun! keep your mouse on ron and you could win a 2014 @dodge durango! start clicking:
sometimes you need to eat a burrito like it has the cure inside it.
the always dapper @andersoncooper sporting a limited edition @wolfblitzer dashiki
a man pushed to the edge is forced to break up with the woman who doesn't pay him any attention:
season 5 walter white + snake in escape from ny = the governor on last night's walking dead
what if @upworthy wrote movie titles? you'll want to see what 21 of their posters would look like:
the bachelor finally premieres its first gay season w/ gay bachelor bryden (@jessetyler) and host @georgetakei:
congrats to will ferrell and ron burgundy for making the cover of @gqmagazine's men of the year edition!
thanks to our friends @dfarecords for sending us this awesome care package of music! we love you.
do you like spaghetti? do you like trumpets? are you kinda high? then you're gonna love this video:
the fod crew with @pharrell today at his studio
rob ford yolo shirts available now in our @bustedtees store!
renata ford, rob ford's wife, breaks her silence to address the many scandals surrounding her husband:
in a world with so much bullshit, #sfbatkid isn't the feel good story we deserve but he's the one we need. just the best.
#ff @paulscheer semi-professional astronaut/ballon animal artist
weird @alyankovic takes you on a magical animated journey w/ @therealoderus and the rest of the gwar gang:
twitter after midnight. rt @smickable: what's the most socially acceptable form of self-harm?
uncharted: drake's excel sheet #boringvideogames @midnight
it takes a lot of people working very hard to make the entire la freeway system smell like weed during rush hour.
the guys in @dawestheband get a "fixer" to help them find new musical inspiration:
finally! @djsteveporter mashes up footage of rob ford talking about crack with jay-z's "tom ford" and it is glorious:
a family-wide email from richie incognito's mom w/ some topics to avoid this thanksgiving:
deaf punk #oldermusicians @midnight
hashtag warrior @thomaslennon recalls his legendary performance on @midnight and discusses why he's so awesome:
the only shocking thing rob ford could admit to now is that at some point in time he did his job as mayor.
17 gifs that suggest this isn't exactly how bowling works:
a cult friend finder #ruinawebsite @midnight
watch @davidkoechner serve up some jokes on a new @midnight tonight at midnight on @comedycentral
anchorman 2 doesn't come out until christmas, but if you help a great cause you can see it sunday w/ @ghostpanther:
oh and please watch @midnight on @comedycentral mon-thurs after @colbertreport! it am fun.
gang, thank you for allowing me to invade your @funnyordie feed! i'm over @nerdist. no i never had sex with @jennymccarthy. #geekcrestout
@joshphosphatase bottom? shit. i dunno! too much pressure ahhhhhhhhh my bottom just wet itself...
@nickkeele the process of making things i care about! #awwwwwwww
@nat_hale what's not to like about a wee pancake sandwich?
@timomajere @nerdist someday i shall!
@raaaahman @nerdist not complaining but i wasn't able to do doctor who this year. ferguson did a bang up job though! #eyb
@panthersblueman i have this weird sensation....
@louisem297 @nerdist yes and those are usually the jokes no one else laughs at.
@timomajere @nerdist wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
@worldendswithu technically yes but they can never identify me through the jigsaw killer mask.
@tkantel @nerdist yup.
@brettinson @nerdist hm. anywhere from 9 to a million dicks probably. i mean with that kind of dick load, they're always in use i'd say.
@bennyesanu well i like a good hammer but i gotta go with the staff. loki.
@jtmacready @nerdist i thought you looked familiar!
@jjmahoney3 @nerdist my fat drunk brother peter hardwick. he is dead to me.
@devaun38 @nerdist well i didn't so much get involved as invent it. i was tired of working on shit i didn't care about and wanted my own thing
@sarahhmariie @nerdist we shall erect many jokes in your honor.
@dylnerwn @nerdist i guess he's also entitled to being attacked by big daddies.
@andrewhowell18 @nerdist ah yes. only a true nerd would present his opinion as a universal truth. well done!
@j_kalva zach said he'll post it if you send in no less than 32 pictures of dog butts.
@johnniemonsta @nerdist death by canada
@badwolfebay @nerdist ohhhhh boy! (quantum leap reference)
@seanbesaw @nerdist in the next couple weeks. it's recorded! and it's because i basted it in its own juices.
@dylanma28417295 awwww you're right. i'm sorry i re-trolled you. i take it back. fwends?
@ryanvolk02 @nerdist yeshiasdfoaidf;a'';;a ;asdf'a
@braximum fanx!
@devaun38 i did. i was obsessed with it.
@briannemillerrr @nerdist @i_am_rob_o @midnight you may need to seek medical attention in that case...
@badastroknot heisenberg. even if there wasn't an apocalypse!
@rickhoutx @nerdist mrs. howell's chimney. heyooooooooooo
@misplacedthings @nerdist nah. don't miss it. it made me fat, broke and sad. who wants that?
@jrnogueras so fast.
@sarahhmariie would love to! hopefully early 2014.
@susanf89 @nerdist bill. fucking. murray.
@natasharesent oh shit really??? that was fun!
@dillon_abrams @nerdist that's not the abnormal part of that equation.
@cutandrun i would swap the kardashians for the dodo. in a heartbeat.
@sammarxcomedy @nerdist ugh. fine. we're the fucking droids. ok? now what??? lightsaber to your imperial face is what.
@jertown the story arcs are great but there are too many monologues. sometimes, less is more.
@ambrzpl8 @nerdist i'm like, google-able!
@badatrain i do not! but i enjoy them.
@properlypond allonsy!!!!
@seanbesaw @nerdist only if you hate your job
@jordanplosky @nerdist locke and key
@phillyphan9208 mwah. mwah hah. mwaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh....i'm sorry what was the question?
keep up the great questions and read all the live answers here:
@smhwritesthings honestly better than anything i've ever done! it's weird! (but i do prefer it this way)
@danielgonza6 yes! and you will acquire telepathic powers.
@vittorants @nerdist was lost continent the one with the lemur? that one! "thanks for annihilating everything i know!!!"
@randa525 @nerdist truly @midnight is pretty damn fun.
@badatrain any night but spaghetti tuesdays.
@tyepri it's not smiling right now. :i
@iservice @thedougiewho celebrate my bday and watch tennant and smith cavort around the universe.
@joemommasdaddy1 grape! i'm not a heathen!
@baitwalker @nerdist got em!
@angpin513 @nerdist oh i'm afraid shipmates is at the bottom of the sea waiting to be explored by james cameron in a submersible.
@joemommasdaddy1 i've suggested to differ but never beg.
@seanbesaw @nerdist they sent it to me last week and i wasn't able to play it because of work schedule. i suck.
@fonasty @nerdist @laina622 it hasn't been posted yet but she was awesome!
@panthersblueman i think rhys is hilarious. he just started this show for our youtube channel:
@panthersblueman i think rhys is hilarious! he started doing this show for our youtube channel:
@treezy we're trying to pick up some of the slack they left at nerdist. i miss g4. it was a terrific place to work w/ terrific people.
@sqlubenfarber don't tempt me...
@matt_kinson saw michael jackson rehearse at the vmas in the 90s, moderating comic-con panels since.
@oglethorpe4ever track your time per task, manipulate it to your will. set goals, learn, don't be afraid to fail, enjoy the process!
@casslandrabee @1iota handles the audience stuff! they're nice.
@braximum chicken fried chicken, mac and cheese, green beans a biscuit and cornbread
@abfablee he acted exactly the same off camera.
@pbatour yes. we have new team colors and everything. that's how that works, right? best jersey colors win??
@slamb007 i did not have an a1 day afterward. #ripbb
@destruct0x i'd call it "mad mentions" but no one has asked yet.
@abfablee it's always midnight to him.
@dianadee16 big bang folks didn't want to bowl, almost had the sunny folks but scheduling didn't work out and would jeremy clarkson bowl???
@scottotd yeah it's not going to help. :(
@misswiggs marie curie, noam chomsky, vicki the robot
welcome to my digital bubble of narcissism! i am chris hardwick (@nerdist) and i look forward to talking about myself via your questions!
chris hardwick (@nerdist) has taken over! tweet him questions now, read live answers here:
today on a new lady time, kathy presents the girls with an exciting business venture and some sexy fbi agents stop by:
the words on miley cyrus' butt at the emas finally say what we've all been thinking:
taken 2: electric boogaloo #suckyactionmovies @midnight
"hey, pass me a beer 2" is, without a doubt, the most epic beer passing trick shot video sequel of all time:
chris hardwick (@nerdist/@midnight) is taking over our twitter tomorrow at 1:30pm pst!
the announcers at the cahoga county veterans day parade deliver some shocking stats about supporting our veterans:
want to fly to la to join will ferrell and the entire anchorman cast for a live reading? ron burgundy has the scoop:
most of being a good dj is just not listening to bad music and knowing how to look dope when you turn a knob.
texting someone a picture of your penis is somewhere between cyberbullying and terrorism on the scale of just don't do it.
twitter is great for seeing who of your friends is awake but hasn't texted you yet. (via @whitneycummings)
how is there not a handheld steamer named selfie-steam? sometimes nothing about this world makes any sense.
very rare photo of @xdannyxbrownx driving a prius
#ff @robdelaney he's got a fantastic new book and a delightful old soul. if that's not enough for you, go screw a mountain lion.
6 'free birds' posters translated for your convenience
it's friday! feast your eyeballs upon the 21 best gifs of all time of the week:
'seamon: cologne for mermen' has some really interesting advertising:
christian baileys irish cream #celebritybooze @midnight
congrats to twitter on the successful ipo! we hope you do something innovative and unexpected with the money like give it to us.
in the battle of cat vs. windshield wipers, there can be only one victor:
nostalgia connoisseur @danabramson fondly recalls 16 memories of blockbuster that he'll never forget:
everyone on twitter w/ more than 5 followers is crawling out of the woodwork this morning like a distant relative at a rich dude's funeral.
if you're going to send a dick pic, you might as well put some thought into it. @sydwilder shows you how:
of all the things a tribe called quest got right, they really nailed what a pain in the ass it is to go to el segundo.
netflix announces, "we told you so."
the new @brooklynnets (@deronwilliams @paulpierce34 @shaunlivingston and @tyshawntaylor) are bringing tiny shorts back:
grandmaster splash #crappyrappers @midnight
the referees have been more recognizable than most of the lakers on the court in the 4th quarter of games this year.
14 important life lessons you can learn from al bundy
it's weird that being mayor is the only job you're allowed to keep when you get caught on video smoking crack.
nothing says tuesday like a comedy sketch about a dry vagina. brand new lady time w/ special guest @davekrumholtz:
middle americano #badcoffeeflavors @midnight
blackberrys last employee (@davesfoley) introduces his companys latest (and final) device:
behold! the new anchorman 2 poster is here and it's the greatest thing you'll see all day:
it's sunday so that means links! 20 years of conan, 12 rejected pilots we demand to see and more
you're probably going through some real shit if you're buying bed sheets at a gas station.
bumped into this mother fucker last night.
tried putting arcade fire lyrics over pics of kanye and the result is he seems super chill and reasonable:
shooting a new @mtv show today called "human code" w/ @taraholt and  @cassiescerbo
happy friday! sit back and enjoy the 21 best gifs of all time of the week
ron burgundy isn't just a world-class news anchor and master flautist. he's also a published author:
crabba-zaba #rejectedcandy @midnight
a lot of people at bars tonight should've just gone as their dignity and stayed at home.
some lucky folks having a blast playing our game on the @hasbrogamenight party bus in nyc
thanks @hufworldwide @crapeyewear @greenbardrinks @baxterfinley @disney for sending fod staff halloween goodie bags!
our san mateo office representing with some exceptional holiday garb.
some really spectacular halloween costumes from our la office! how many can you name?
this slutty edward snowden costume seems to be reading more as sex offender it guy to people at the office.
happy halloween! forget trick or treaters, go buy a mountain of sugar and have a fantasy candy draft:
congrats to every adult male in boston who will spend a year acting like they personally won the world series!
want to learn all about horrible people taking selfies at funerals? tune in to a new @midnight tonight at midnight on @comedycentral.
psa: just because it's october does not mean you are required to put pumpkin in everything.
chris brown headline generator predicts the next time he winds up in the news for punching someone:
21 halloween costumes that will honestly be tough to beat this year
russian gas station attendant caught breakdancing on top of a car in the greatest dashcam footage ever:
watch @pattonoswalt on a new @midnight tonight at midnight on @comedycentral!
8 life-changing chipotle hacks that will forever change the way you order a burrito:
the gals of lady time celebrate halloween together and gab about haunted facebook pages:
this gif of "chris brown's punch-out!!" for nes is everything:
.@marilynmanson shares scary halloween stories w/ teens around a campfire in "are these tales spooky to you?"
aaron pallbearer #spookycelebs @midnight
go green w/ @dougbenson on a new episode of @midnight tonight at midnight on @comedycentral!
at a bar across the street from a slayer show. a 50 y/o guy in a denim vest is screaming that hollywood used to be fun. clearly it still is.
hasbro is taking the @funnyordie game around nyc on a party bus! follow @hasbrogamenight to catch a ride.
chris brown's latest arrest could lead to jail time. it could also lead to dr. dolittle powers or being a better human. all equally likely.
the top 12 sexiest halloween costumes
find out why ordering at starbucks is so darn hard for moms on the halloween edition of parent news w/ @fred_willard:
can you discern between @jeff_daniels' butt and @kimkardashian's? find out in the free fuck issue of @occasionalmag:
some links that might make your day better: 13 potatoes that look like channing tatum, breaking bad on ice and more
bravo has put more awful people on tv than america's most wanted.
"all i want for my birthday is a big booty solution for world hunger." -bizarro @2chainz
"team miley" shirts now available for $12 in our @bustedtees store! wear locally, twerk globally:
tgif, you guys! it's time for the 21 best gifs of all time of the week:
billy on the street's @billyeichner takes @therealdratch to the scariest haunted house in new york:
every taco bell drive-thru should be a dui checkpoint after 2 am and we could get this country out of debt in no time.
honey butt cheerios #badcereals @midnight
19 irresistible gifs of cats in boxes
our new party game is not xbox compatible. yes, we broke an xbox to take this picture.
not sure that hbo ads on a bus are hitting their target audience.
the top 19 halloween costumes for 2013:
game of scones #fattvshows @midnight
enjoy this clip about butthole tattoos and tune in to a brand new @midnight tonight at midnight on @comedycentral:
this new anchorman 2 trailer is better than a punch to the ovary.
who thinks @mlb should just let marcia gay harden (@beloving2) announce the world series wrestlemania-style?
12 shadows that look like penises:
book of more men #sluttymusicals @midnight
watch @kurtbraunohler, @tvsandydaly, and @brendonwalsh on a brand new episode of @midnight tonight at midnight on @comedycentral!
glad someone finally has the courage to say it. rt @nickwiger: mary steenburgen had no business being on the back to the future 3 poster
goo-lish visitors get @carmenelectra hot and bothered about her seedy past in this nsfw video:
cool cat scopes out the ladies from his litter box:
rosemary's baby #filmpoops @midnight
our new show @midnight premieres tonight at midnight on @comedycentral after the colbert report! catch the action!
one of coach @jimoheir's rookie kids has a run-in w/ the law in the finale of everyone's favorite hard knocks parody:
tinder, but for chill dogs in your area looking to play catch and hang out.
11 celebrities riding invisible bicycles:
outtakes from @thomaslennon's interview w/ @nerdist. @midnight premieres tonight (at midnight, duh) on @comedycentral
"the walking dead" should be called "wait, who the fuck was that?"
has anyone ever seen peyton manning and dave matthews in the same place at the same time?
links! what if nfl logos were fat, crazy drinking games from around the world and more!
always fun to check twitter sunday morning and scroll through the public nervous breakdowns of saturday night.
theater management politely requests no texting during 12 years a slave:
an open letter to america from washington redskins owner dan snyder:
will ferrell with @dodgers pitcher brian wilson at wednesday's game.
21 best gifs of all time of the week:
the ceo of the flesh-eating drug krokodil gives you some straight talk about his product:
space jam for president
this is just a good video of a bear playing tetherball:
get ready to have your mind blown by our new party game.
the biodiesel school bus #hipstercartoons @midnight
@seakolper a confederacy of dunces
@fun6001 steve coogan
@realmattkurtz you play the yazz flute.
@alltimealiciaa dana carvey and mike myers. those two were so prolific it's insane.
@fun6001 it's just one plaid shirt, i just have controls to switch the colors around. it's not out on the market yet.
@harktheumpire right now i'm on ps3, but i have xbox and like xbox. i'm playing in portland and that's just what i have there.
@theshaunnavarro not as much. this time, the sketches are a little more solitary.
@notnotryan i love seattle and have spent a lot of time there. really good times. we do that to establish some contrast, but it's not real.
@allylovesnyc sushi.
@allylovesnyc late on friday night. we would be rehearsing sketches and that's when everyone was in a giddy mood.
@digmuzak definitely.
fred armisen is leaving in 10 minutes, last chance to ask him a question! read all his answers here:
@bob_haver it's a friend of mine named woody. he has a studio in los angeles.
@gayzal bob mould at doug fir in portland
@billy_digital travel to other cities and see what their gallery scene is like. keep working on your art. treat it with reverence.
@joseramonmarmtz i loved doing steve jobs.
@effdot they did, and we have them on standby.
@melophobia howard stern and david letterman were real high points of getting to meet people. howard stern was so cool and so sweet.
@brittanyslomba enjoy each other's company. get to know the other writers and listen to them and enjoy them and become friends.
@hodgson29 the drums.
@real_iancaputo rice milk.
@harktheumpire also: stereolab, style council, paul mccartney, sex pistols, sleater-kinney and kraftwerk
@harktheumpire the clash.
@joseramonmarmtz modest mouse. i also loved arcade fire, foo fighters paul mccartney and prince.
@wakeupblake that's very nice of you, i don't drink.
fred armisen is still around for another 30 minutes! keep tweeting questions @funnyordie and read live answers here:
@corbincharles28 who are the other 5? are they also me? favorite hobbies? grand theft auto 5.
@maxmeier6 that's very nice of you. thank you. keep writing, keep going, everything turns out great.
@captnmarvelfan consider yourself part of the family, cousin marvel fan!
@realtronalddumb i've never really tried it.
@missmariamac i really do love pittsburgh. it has a strong art community, strong art history and it's 3 rivers make it a powerful place.
@kgrock3 and why isn't this an answer?
@dudgee i never weighed them, but i'm going to guess...20 pounds.
@dazedreverie i had some serious laughs with bill hader, especially our last year.
@katethe0nly male characters because the clothes are more comfortable. female clothes are so complicated.
@vivsavage i don't like to take sides, so i'm saying "yes" to both. and also thank you.
@bogmon yes, we do have a portland comedian who writes for the show. her name is carrie brownstein.
@adammathow candace.
@nated80 stockholm?
@efsmith leonardo. he seems the most friendly. definitely, he was an inventor as well.
keep tweeting questions for fred armisen @funnyordie and read his live answers here:
@feelsempty i'm an expert. a pit is man made.
@louzherr i don't know, that's a good question. it seems like different worlds.
@adammathow gavin, the home recording studio aficionado.
@jockybat i really do like phish. they did a cover of "remain in light" the entire talking heads album. brilliant musicians. 100 glasses.
@adamcarlyle i haven't heard that, but now that you say it i can see it as true.
@joe_m_cordova griffin dunne and rick moranis.
@fleurluxe every day is halloween for me.
@brigerrity to get to spend with my friend carrie brownstein and to get to spend some time in portland, a city that i really love.
@seattleguy23 the sketch was about introducing band members. not exaggerating, it was my funniest memory.
@seattleguy23 i wrote a sketch with maya rudolph in my office. the sketch never made it to air, but we laughed so hard. and that was that.
@vantol777 ...or is it?
@vantol777 all chicken is organic.
@trixie_s thank you, no we purposefully improvised the whole thing so that it seemed more chaotic.
@milkamilka it's cloudy and you get to wear your favorite jacket. and there's lots of coffee.
@jakebenson90 absolutely. in fact, the stress is fun. i enjoy the stress.
hi everybody! ...thanks for all the support for the funny or die video with @theclash.
fred armisen is taking over this acct in 1 hour! start tweeting questions for him now!
18 easy last-minute halloween costume ideas:
top 10 christian grey replacements for the 50 shades of grey movie:
"if at first you don't succeed, take a nap" shirts available now from our online store:
times are tough, so we built a drug lab in our kitchen.
fred armisen is taking over this acct tomorrow at 11am pst! get your questions ready, he will rock you.
ian rubbish (fred armisen) interviews @theclashs mick jones and paul simonon about the punk revolution:
mr. @davidspade is the most uninteresting dude in the world:
brilliant child wishes for the best thing anybody has ever thought of:
just saw @brianwilson38 play frisbee w/ himself at @dodgers stadium. didn't even know that was possible.
mr. @davidspade releases previously unseen outtakes from his inappropriate pilot series:
20 things you probably didnt know about manatees:
living in los santos without health insurance is a dangerous game to play:
people talk a lot about the horrible things christopher columbus did, but he also directed home alone so maybe cut the guy some slack.
christopher columbus' first conversation upon landing in america:
please do not fart inside of the club/airplane/movie theatre.
maximize your sunday pleasure w/ @dannydevito dildos and much more in the free new fuck issue of @occasionalmag:
links! the 13 kinds of 'always sunny' episodes, kanye confirms he's working on new solo child and more!
we hope you enjoyed #breastcancerawarenessweek on fod. please donate to @bebrightpink
mr. @daveabrent might do the best @schwarzenegger impression of all time:
taco cat was an inside job.
"planet earth with boobs" is a big improvement on the hit bbc nature series:
coachella should do a week 3 that's just for dogs.
18 greatest signs from @espn's college gameday:
whoever thought to put a severed head in the milk drawer definitely has the halloween spirit.
this sketch is called "two huge boobs" and we guarantee you've never seen a bigger pair:
here's what 'garfield' would be like if jon arbuckle had breast implants:
mind blowing breakdown of the vfx that brought alfonso cuarn's "gravity" to the big screen:
mind blowing breakdown of the vfx that brought alfonso cuarn's "gravity" to the big screen:
16 gifs of the most hilarious kiss cam goofs ever:
9 alternate 'gravity' movie posters:
billy on the street's @billyeichner plays a game of "obamacare or shut up" with @oliviawilde:
watching "russia's toughest prisons" on netflix. it's just exterior shots of russia.
the 11 best internet reactions to the new fox news set:
ask not what your congress can do for you. no, seriously. don't ask. because they don't give a fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck.
@samitrap colin tilley... thanks for the support. i'm signing off guys. grab my new album here
@herbaljay504 40 acres ft dream but u pick one and let me know, click here.
@dannyeatsrice this my takeover...no kanye questions unless u post the purchased link to this
@dannyeatsrice alpo and rich porter dopeboy era...highly influential in my creativity.
@nickkillian136 vortex is my favorite song right now. rager is the king
@darealshikoh @kendricklamar is a great dude to work with and s/o compton #nosetalgia
@killermike74 i own @cthagod he's my son, ask him...
@ryanmuthiora  would u like me to rap and book my own concerts?? just click here
@spectrumeclipse i'm his favorite rapper ever... click here and see why
@baby_christina1
@rossjames92 cause it's sold out jack... but click this
@slohoggn is that a racial question cause i'm a black man?
@itsmeeddiee yeah man no ask a damn question and click this
@itsmeeddiee u know it baby!! click this link again
@jacobdelauder favorites are 8's
yes 100 percent @kooliv_ffmg
this is pusha aka kingpush aka the creator of the hiphop album of the year: my name is my name... buy it now
.@pusha_t has taken over! tweet questions for him @funnyordie now and read live answers here:
the one and only @pusha_t is taking over our twitter in 30 min to talk to you! start tweeting questions for him now!
arizona iced tea's open letter to miley cyrus:
great new comedy doc called "the muslims are coming" that's worth checking out. it's on itunes, so no pants required:
coach kilmer (@jimoheir) starts training camp after a dramatic offseason threatens his pee-wee football team:
congress needs to go to an island resort and get its groove back. maybe have sex with a younger governing body.
21 best gifs of all time of the week:
a behind the scenes look at the team that made the woman with three boobs from the original total recall:
maria bamford (@mariabamfoo) answers 50 sexy questions in the free new fuck issue of @occasionalmag:
links! 26 viral news stories that would break the internet, hulk hogan spoofs miley cyrus and more!
attn every club dj everywhere: please play "under the sea" from the little mermaid. thank you.
"fuck it. yolo." -congress
this is just a great video of a husky going ham in a big pile of leaves:
#ff @flyinglotus and @soulwax started from the bottom now the whole team has a gta v radio station.
see how these comedians would handle themselves at an orgy in the free new fuck issue of @occasionalmag:
our @occasionalmag just released the fuck issue! get it free today for ipad and iphone:
thanks for your questions! go check out @acodmovie this weekend in ny and la, next weekend other cities. if you want.
@bettyjoanperske always
ok last question y'all
@ejbolinger dory
@izbeqaman poehler's one-legged bachelor contestant
@heyythereclaire yes! let's do it!
@hayleyleier lumberyard all the way
@hayleyleier one before the last was the best
@cheapreward i dont know
@wyattcalzones next greatest event of tv history nov 7 adult swim
@l_weitz men
@freudianslip_22 a lot.
@l_weitz i think so
@notamberkate the greasy believer's banana music
@nbcdevotee @acodmovie is claymation
@itsmeitsmedevin yes, oh my god yes
@immymcc wow. so great, really.
@kettlemickeyd kicking asses, taking names
@amykwalter thank yoooooooou
@bwrabbitt maybe sometime, not sure when
@danetheridge tell me more about how much you love to crap in public restrooms, dan
@loverrlylucy i like eating eggs overlooking a deep, cloud-strewn valley with a hawk on my shoulder
@helpascott sure let me know where to send
@pamjeanne was fun hating each for @acodmovie
@katiegeishirt yes and yes
@schultecourtney yes i love iowa. go wildcats!
@optigrabber i love that one
@margo_max undercarriage
@bhass114 my hands and feet, legs, thoughts and disposition
@shyde13 the proposal probably
@vittorants griff eats world: take good notes
@miss_autonomy i love nathan for you
@jazzmineabriana i don't know, will get on that
@melissaa_rose of course
@newsnerdmel yes
@come_on_united steven martin
@sadiefkatz stay in school, goddamnit
@bhass114 soccer mom
@wurmthemadness no
@melissaeweiss getting there
@schmandydandies camp of course
@staaacyho never. they're all coke addicts
@madhatterq london
@boordtodeath i really doubt it
hello it's adumb scoot and i'm ready for your questions
.@mradamscott is taking over our acct in one hour at 10am pst! start tweeting questions for him @funnyordie now!
think you can come up with something funnier? prove it with our new party game:
"thanks for the letter, sinead. it really made me think," miley types pensively while twerking naked in a whole foods.
happy to announce @mradamscott (parks and rec, @acodmovie) is taking over our twitter tmrw @ 10am pst to talk to you!
watch the free premiere of we are young: a feature-length comedy about being drunk, nervous, weird and in love.
the best of @rjmitte's twitter takeover:
cheating cat has an unfair advantage on the ping pong table:
we need to send @jontaffer to congress so he can bar rescue this country.
the official rules for becoming a member of arcade fire:
alternate ending to breaking bad involving walt jr's friend louis:
typical uncle sam to shut down fun stuff like yosemite and fund bummers like parking enforcement and whoever keeps quaaludes off the streets.
hey, ny! tix still available for our very special event this sat w/ @billyeichner! someone who rts this wins a pair!
adult children of divorce like @mradamscott are raising the bar for being unadjusted:
go behind the scenes with the man responsible for the dynamic score of keeping up with the kardashians:
this fail video compilation reminds us that everyone gets hurt sometimes:
informative step by step guide outlines how to pet a dog:
thank you all so much for the questions and thanks to @funnyordie for letting me take over.
@trumalu i think jr. has family issues to work out first before we can think about money
@caferue lafayette
@ahollywoodbowl yah i have my moments
@allie_jayyyy i think we were beyond words
@hayjub_denera i think everything that happened happened for a reason.  jr will grow from this and be there for his family
@bmarrec i think skyler will fill them in once everything cools down
@jimbobueno yah you can get it from impound abq, new mexico dea office
@zackbrokebad_ "i am the one who knocks.."
@nancystewart_m not on set but last night was really interesting. i still can't believe this happened and i was so happy to be apart of it.
@smohawk no what walt has done is unforgivable but he is his fathers son and he will always love his father
@joey_not_joseph whatever hires me i have some stuff here and there but just looking for the next great thing and maybe a little breakfast
@nancystewart_m it was easy letting go.  i love bryan so much it was an honor to be able to be his son for seven years
@kawaiibabydoll i think jr had a lot of growing up to do and i think they have a few things to work out
@tigerfanatic09 it was a seven year master class.  i wouldnt be who i am today without breaking bad and the people who worked with it
@phunkadellic no but i just tried again
@markhameggs they're both smokin' and i love them both!
@marikainguelph no not at all, you cant take back real life. these are real decisions and they will have to be lived with
@loewenchris it felt fulfilling and an honor to have been apart of such an amazing show.  whatever hires me :p
@ryanberry_ breakfast
@cubansuperman no best meal of the day!
hello everyone  i am @rjmitte from the show breaking bad here to answer some questions.  lets get this started.  thank you @funnyordie
we're handing over our acct to @rjmitte! tweet questions now @funnyordie! read answers here:
breaking bad's @rjmitte is taking over our acct in 25 min! tweet him questions @funnyordie now and read answers here:
breaking bad's @rjmitte is taking over our twitter at 3pm pst today to talk to you/answer questions! have an a-1 day!
jennifer hudson (@iamjhud) is searching for a scandal. too bad the affordable care act fixes all of them:
links! the 8 biggest transitional seasons in snl history, 100 pop-culture things that make you a millenial and more:
an alternate universe where breaking bad goes on forever but it's the worst show of all time.
there are few things scarier than looking around and realizing you're in pasadena.
domino's could make billions with a service that picks your drunk ass up from the bar and drops you off at home with a pizza.
a spoiler free recap of the last season of breaking bad:
amc unveils new poster/marketing plan for low winter sun:
leaked emails between breaking bad's walt jr. and his friend louis:
#ff @mrbobodenkirk @aaronpaul_8 and @bryancranston meth'd actors.
"huell's rules" w/ @lavellthacomic is the new @breakingbad_amc sitcom spinoff about huell's life in the safehouse:
glorious music video for "save my life" shot in one take. keep watching, it really picks up around minute 4:
zach galifianakis can't stop spanking @justinbieber.
getting increasingly hard to deal with the fact that three psychos in gta v live a more balanced and productive life than any of us.
13 ways the cosby show is even better now than it was back then:
zach galifianakis interviews @justinbieber in this brand new episode of between two ferns:
9 photos of billy ray cyrus fighting back sadness:
do you like puppies? obvs course do. what kind of monster doesn't like puppies? just follow us on pinterest already:
a normal manly day in the life of @nick_offerman:
we are young: a feature-length comedy about being drunk, nervous, weird and in love. coming oct. 3 to funny or die!
a "30 for 30" about the people who buy lord of the rings merchandise on skymall.
in case you missed it, will ferrell's spectacular appearance at the 2013 emmys:
the theme song from "back to the future" works with literally everything:
9 children's dolls that'll make you say, "yo, that's messed up"
burger king unveiled healthier new fries with 30% less fat. or you can just take 100% of your fat ass somewhere else for lunch.
"mac story" is a new pixar movie that's just like "toy story," but with apple products:
seemingly nice woman looks a whole lot like joseph gordon-levitt:
suzi barrett visits california's beaches in the finale of her "i hate california" series:
jack breaks the news to andy about mumford and sons breaking up.
honestly can't tell the difference between half and half, non-fat milk and trigonometry.
homelands navid negahban (abu nazir) has some tips on how to become hollywoods next favorite terrorist:
links! @louisck hates cell phones, an oral history of the groundlings and more:
play a game of "fuck, marry, kill: john travolta edition" in the free new health and fitness issue of @occasionalmag:
12 inanimate objects desperately screaming to escape the nightmare that is their life:
"i will hold down the finest papers on my desk with this." -bruce campbell's (@groovybruce) acceptance speech at tonight's eyegore awards
dancing to new drake is about to pass texting for leading cause of automotive accidents.
21 best gifs of all time of the week:
#ff @notoriousrod future heavyweight champ of the universe.
spoiler alert! we've got an exclusive clip of this week's new breaking bad! see what's next for hank (@deanjnorris):
this tutorial shows you how to re-create that aging woman time lapse video with a few simple effects:
54 things you must do this fall:
when you die, you have to watch a 30 second ad before you can go to the afterlife. (via @terribletown)
honest version of chipotle's scarecrow commercial:
woke up in a new burrito.
the biggest keyboard talent agent in the biz (kim coates from sons of anarchy) talks to the out of control hashtag:
comedian @sammyobeid is setting a record for 1,000 days of consecutive stand-up! tonight is day 998 and he's performing on @teamcoco. tune in!
killer backstage @oddballfest vid shot by comics:
always a blast to have breaking bad's @deanjnorris in the office!
while other sixth girls had crushes on jonathan taylor thomas, sarah only had eyes for jeff goldblum:
a woman giving birth needs her balls. @ju1ianmorris' balls:
#robin ?? @chrisodonnell
the surgeon general is probably a real downer at parties.
if @samuelljackson is in a movie, your kid probably shouldnt watch it:
calling in sick today with a bad case of gta v.
helpful psa: ladders get you to high places, but don't get high on them if you're getting high.
the most hipster hobby you can have in 2013 is going out in the woods and scattering old porn magazines.
tv news: we may not have all the facts, but we are talking. (via @shelbyfero)
consumer electronics review's own reggie explains the real reasons you should be excited for gta v:
links! the 20 best characters from conan's late night shows, key and peele's east/west bowl 2 and more!
comedian @peteholmes answers 50 questions in the free new health and fitness issue of the occasional. here are 10:
nyc! first 30 ppl to come to 404 on 10th and say "possible!" get in to our @itspossiblelg party! open bar and some awesome surprises coming up.
little girl wisely chooses to enjoy her cookie monster birthday cake by rubbing it all over her face:
hey, nyc! we're throwing a big party tonight for the end of the @itspossiblelg road trip! follow @itspossiblelg for ticket giveaway info!
#ff @andymated know that miley cyrus/homer simpson gif? this guy made it. follow him if you're interested in more awesome stuff.
21 best gifs of all time of the week:
thanks to everyone at ithaca college who came to our class today led by professors franco and @mintzplasse!
#ff @brimcgi and @kellynp road warriors.
there are some spectacular remixes of movie studio intros on fod today! here they are in one playlist:
"super buddies" is a movie about dogs with superpowers. here are all the best scenes:
the @oddballfest w/ dave chappelle and flight of the conchords marches on! denver tomorrow and irvine on sunday! tickets:
hey, chicago! be on the lookout for this funny or die fire hydrant in your fair city.
glorious supercut of every "ay-ya!" from 3 ninjas. it's over 3 minutes long:
dogs have the right idea. put your head out a moving window every chance you get.
shocking unused scenes from miley cyrus' "wrecking ball" video:
this un-aired clip of an interview with syrian president assad reveals the real reason he used chemical weapons:
saw a kid just spinning around in circles saying the alphabet backwards. he's going to crush dui checkpoints when he grows up.
we made some improved wrecking balls for miley cyrus to ride:
mad men's @kiernanshipka is also a psychologist to the child actors from modern family, moonrise kingdom and looper:
been in therapy your whole life? emotionally distant? @mradamscott is here to say you might be an a.c.o.d.
holy shit. it really exists! @ south park city
the 24 best leslie nielsen gifs on the internet
19 predictions for apple's keynote address:
dear aaron sorkin: in a world filled with so much bad tv, we need the newsroom. but we need it to be better:
18 gifs that are completely bananas:
this week's predicting bad makes awful shots in the dark. still not worse than the ones from last night:
the nra is finally putting guns in the hands of those who need them most:
mr. @thomaslennon bewilders your body into superb shape in the free new health and fitness issue of the occasional:
it would be nice to love anything as much as white people love coconut water.
dave franco and chris @mintzplasse showed up for our @itspossiblelg road trip in a helicopter! expect a crazy week.
"a night of comedy and big game cats hosted by will ferrell" tonight in san diego
#ff @itspossiblelg follow for live updates from the road as we travel across america next week w/ dave franco and chris @mintzplasse!
21 best gifs of all time of the week:
dave franco and chris @mintzplasse are doing an ama on reddit right now before their crazy road trip! get involved:
drunk girl tries to record a twerking video, accidentally sets herself on fire:
thinking about baseball during sex can have unexpected consequences:
9 classic sitcom character face swaps:
forget madden 25, this new ray lewis nfl video game hits harder:
the beginning of con-air is so frustrating. it's like "don't do it, nic cage! or we'll watch all of you on cable w/ commercials every time."
book clubs aren't safe anymore. natasha lyonne, @tarynmanning and @traceeellisross learn that the hard way:
in case you've ever wondered what "dilbert" would be like if his penis was always hanging out:
dave franco and chris @mintzplasse embark on a quest to do everything they ever wanted and prove it's all possible:
do puppies brighten your day? what about kittens? "mean girls" quotes? you should follow us on pinterest:
19 hilarious gifs to help you understand twerking:
the wild new @alyssa_milano sex tape has leaked! watch it exclusively here now:
going to a robin thicke concert must be a lot like listening to the radio for an hour and wondering when they're going to play blurred lines.
time for a new predicting bad! jesse blabs to hank, everybody knows walt is lying plus some bad predictions:
smile at strangers! it doesn't cost anything and also it's kinda creepy as hell.
50 shades of grey: buns of anarchy
14 porn categories depicted by stick figures:
prepare yourself for tonights @comedycentral roast of @jamesfrancotv with this playlist of james' best fod videos:
happy labor day! it's amazing any of us go back to work each year after remembering how fun it is to be unemployed on a monday.
guest editor @terrycrews whips you into shape w/ the terrystick from terryco in the free new issue of the occasional:
shoutout to everyone at burning man right now trying to maintain some grasp on reality while their face melts into a jaguar (via @robhuebel)
fat dudes who swim w/ a shirt on: it doesn't hide that you're fat. it's just awkward. rip it off and pat that belly, seriously 10000x better.
21 best gifs of all time of the week:
get this "winners don't lose drugs" shirt to let people know you love 90's arcade games and narcotics:
it's 103 outside in la. our frozen yogurt is just yogurt, all yoga is hot yoga and screenwriters are in starbucks just for a/c. pray for us.
.@pattonoswalt takes heavy metal very seriously. he also takes it very literally:
the always delightful @jennyslate25 and @gabeliedman are besties! here's a new bestie x bestie to prove it:
"would you like cheese on that?" "no thanks, i'm a monster who's afraid of enjoying life."
the @oddballfest w/ dave chappelle rolls on! hartford tonight, pittsburgh tmrw then tinley park and detroit! tickets:
it's hard to follow what's going on in syria when none of the headlines involve twerking.
we asked @terrycrews to guest edit the health and fitness issue of the occasional. he was very qualified:
here's the @julieklausner cat video we showed to 20,000 people tonight:
grumpy cat is here and she's basically the barack obama of this thing. btw grumpy cat is a she. #catvidfest
dj catmau5 is throwing down a crazy set right meow at our silent disco! #catvidfest
we're at the minnesota state fair for the internet cat video festival! check out the celebs that are here:
.@hannibalburess tries to buy a joke from @almadrigal:
10 of dave chappelle's best stand-up jokes:
the internet's best photo and gif reactions to miley cyrus' vma performance:
arcade fire = white wu-tang clan
hartford, ct and pittsburgh tix avail for this wknd! rt @laughspincom: dave chappelle, conchords lead at @oddballfest:
modern family's @ericstonestreet helps @dodgers pitcher @claytonkersh22 train for his charity ping pong event:
subtle thespian @mrtonyhale pulls the curtain back on his acting process:
subtle thespian @mrtonyhale pulls the curtain back on his acting process:
dexter needs to kill the people writing his show.
on this week's predicting bad, a recap of a very awkward dinner plus some less than educated breaking bad guesses:
suzi barrett visits beautiful lake tahoe for part 2 of her "i hate california" video series:
billy ray cyrus and alan thicke, please pick up your children. (via @kellyoxford)
spoiler alert! hank from breaking bad (@deanjnorris) reads the final scene of the show:
pictures and video of dave chappelle's triumphant return to stand-up over the weekend:
hey, young people! on october 1st, health care will be cheaper than your cell phone bill. here's where you sign up:
links! what it's like to audition for snl, the collected wisdom of chris rock and more:
please don't bring your baby to a music festival.
@jubleee no sequel. but go support it on the big screen if you want another pegg / frost joint in the future.
@timbo_1983 maybe a vole.
@gonep yes. you are all my children.
@rynalan who wouldn't want to see napoleon dynamite hulk out?
@doloresquintana marmalade.
@hourgiee i loved doing the musical sequences. shooting brie larson singing black sheep was literally a rock concert.
@conalfz oh man. it was the greatest. i was so high at the time.
@giulia321 go and take everyone you've ever met to see it and then let's talk.
@shawngraves9 there's about 12 minutes on the bluray. but that's from 12 weeks.
@brubaker we didn't drink a drop on set. too many life threatening, bone breaking stunts for that.
@jaoharts 2001!
@irkmeingram i was not. which should give you a good idea how tough this was to shoot.
@agentorange01 chilled. i am not british. oh wait, i am...
@olivoctopus it's the best. pegg and frost are just as nice and funny as you'd think.
@elliott1301 mint.
@adrielric it's about time someone made a film of 'bates motel'.
@cloughed i have. they told me you had also.
@bongbong you mean catch fish?
@derekallan he really is.
@sparrowredhouse all of them.
@carlosfugazi no. i think you guys like to see our silly little island.
@wildwildlife always wanted to do 'strontium dog'.
@cdulaney85 yes. why would anyone not watch alison brie?
@kingof__fools proud of shaun, fuzz, pilgrim and world's end. fistful of fingers? it's okay for a film made by a 20 year old.
@leoelso kurosawa / mifune / wild zero.
@drewhulsey a lot.
@czeed it is nick frost's favourite film. for reals.
@imarecluse nick frost would be your last man standing in any situation.
@cybert00thtiger is this an answer?
@erasing lots of coffee.
@yayjuice that would be a dream project.
@goodbadpodcast probably not. the best version is 90 seconds long.
@robhunter82 i wake up every morning and thank god i'm not @robhunter82.
@joshuakitchen robert rodriguez scored two scenes on 'hot fuzz' as a musical goof.
@fanchise5280 i dig you.
@jamesisginger never give up. make mistakes. be tenacious.
@j_mclaughlin83 can't go wrong with 'halloween' ('78)
@trusttorust i am a big fan of 'raising arizona'.
@brytermoon the goodies always win.
@windog the network are taking over. all hybrids. all blue and green.
@mr_kiss_yo_girl yes.
@chrisbures chicken mole. see previous tweet though.
@paulrroman an american werewolf in london. or evil dead ii. or raising arizona.
@mr_george_b todd ingram was quite a big douche.
@x2seeybir a little.
@probablyricky my name would be ricky picnics.
@hannakovacs he's the greatest. can't wait for 'seconds'.
@scott108 more like shaun.
@thenaked_nerd yes. and sort of. we didn't want to gloss over it as many comedies do.
@connormarsden7 'orange' by jon spencer blues explosion.
@imjohnbruce i am so happy with the 92 percent rating of rotten tomato, i would still kiss the faces of the other 8 percent.
@hannahhembree a very transparent attempt to get free ice cream.
@seanpware he's the best.
@krosenfeld49 boxers.
@inkstar27 you've got red on you / yarp / let's boo boo. can't choose.
@shandy1121 thank you kindly.
@mapezzula seeing my best friends pegg and frost kick robot ass onscreen.
@jonacuz will answer that when i finally see alpha papa.
@cody_hawk (storms out)
@ladygouldian dawn of the dead '78.
@queueyoueyegee it's adam ant. it's a stretch for him.
@grahamrpf action. beer. laughs. beer. feels. beer. head smashing.
@smceneaneyirl knock knock. who's there? i map. i map who? etc.
@tomspillane1 strawberry. better than advil.
@beaux_selector i will try. ros pike's character is based on my ex girlfriend who met up with her. she used to say 'oh crumbs' a whole lot.
@coxythelegend a brief collapse. then a new movie very soon.
@conorgentes i love seattle. i'm in.
@spielbergspecs we wrote a part for a 'timothy dalton type' and he said yes. he is the coolest. voice like red velvet cake.
@trevorwhaley it seems unlikely. maybe if bryan lee o'malley wrote more books.
@matt_ramstead i look forward to him telling superman to 'argofuckhimself'.
@captainsexyman they are all hard work to make. but equally proud of them.
@keithprice75 i think you have to jack it in and go and see the world's end.
@richtea345 yes.
@livinwithgold i have to fly every plane i board. it's a real fucking drag.
@murtazaismyname it's junior mints i think.
@jonathandbrown yes. see you at starbucks in 60 minutes. there's just one right?
@turki_sm he's tiny.
@asherlymartin oh yes indeed. there will be a boxed set.
@handleydobbs a baby soft 4.
@labrataa i like to think of myself an ice cream maker who sells ice creams.
@jm3k it's when gary king makes a decision. he's made his mind up. he's also drinking from a beer (head).
@bonesschance1 nick frost is the funniest man alive. so hanging around with him is amazing.
keep tweeting questions for edgar wright @funnyordie and read all of his answers here:
@iknowwdles please take this up with your cellphone provider.
@epicrypto ben affleck.
@fanchise5280 i am also very pale. it's called edgar syndrome.
@imarecluse yes. he is a very english chucky.
@richtea345 i love pegg and frost like brothers so i'd love to work with them again. these three films are a trilogy that is complete though.
@timemal i have an 01 visa to work in the us.
@alarcool i am an englishman.
edgar wright here!  tweet your questions, i'll do my best to answer as many as i can in the next hour.
mr. @edgarwright is taking over our twitter in less than 30 min to talk to you! start tweeting questions for him @funnyordie now!
north west looks like she's trying to grab the camera in that picture. so cute, she takes after her dad!
#ff @rjmitte wish him a happy belated birthday! and stop talking to him about breakfast, that's got to get annoying after a while.
the dahk knight
behind the scenes outtake from "tetris: the movie" w/ @millajovovich
a coffee table book that's just people eating alone at chipotle.
jerry stahl engages in some shameless book promotion with @redhourben, jason schwartzman, michael c. hall and @flea333:
16 gifs of @demetrimartin's best bite-sized jokes:
neil patrick harris (@actuallynph) channels buster keaton in this story of unrequited love:
whoever decided that movie titles need to be typed in all caps is definitely someone who writes movie titles for a living.
kermit the frog and @stevemartintogo face off in a battle of dueling banjos:
will ferrell offers a sneak preview of funny or dies star-studded new videos:
mcbain from the simpsons is actually a full-length film when you put all the clips together:
we probably all would've let dr. phil's tweet slide if he opened with, "i mustache you a question."
if you're a table without chips and salsa, why bother? tables w/ chips and salsa have you beat. also, how are you reading this? you're a table.
a psa for gentlemen and lesbians from the women who want you to stare at their boobs:
we changed all of cathy's "aack's" to "fuck's" and made that comic strip about a million times better:
here's a little taste of what it's like to be at home with @johnlegend:
if you want to be a modern dad, you need the pump-a-tron 5000 breast pump for men:
new york seizes 250+ guns in what officials are calling the most successful traffic stop of dmx riding an atv.
welcome to the new @funnyordie! here's everything you need to know about our fantastic new site:
two nerds (@rjmitte and marten weiner) try to create the ultimate babe (@angelalessandra) in weird science 2:
we did it! we spent 6+ years and $50 million updating our logo! oh yeah, our whole website is bigger and better, too:
filming today w/ mad men's @kiernanshipka and @amandlastenberg from hunger games!
sunday links just for you! imagining the seinfeld movie posters, the late night guest hall of fame and more:
a tie in sports is like kissing your sister:  it's an affront to god and usually happens behind a rusted shed in arkansas. (via @ghostpanther)
#ff @occasionalmag semi-daily updates and jokes from our semi-monthly digital magazine. warning: you may laugh a lot. it can be exhausting.
terrifying chasms have opened up in the streets of nyc! betty kornberg reports:
conan plays a "harrison ford angrily pointing at stuff" supercut for his guest harrison ford:
#ff @apocalypsehow and @tylergposey two of the people responsible for giving you "the giving tree" movie trailer.
heard someone say, "it's american, not a sprint." congrats on making no sense and total sense at the same time.
the free new health and fitness issue of the occasional w/ guest editor @terrycrews is out now! download it today:
the incomparable @millajovovich looking pleased with the free haircut she got at our office today.
8 even doofier casting choices than ashton kutcher as steve jobs:
before you consider making your own pencils, please watch this cautionary tale:
9 greatest tv teachers of the 90's:
on this week's throwing shade, erin and bryan dish about hot yoga and play hibrow/lobrow w/ guest @dlanceblack:
if someone asks you your shoe size you're either going bowling, getting new shoes or on a first date with a weirdo. possibly all three.
diane meets millionaire philanthropist ike poole (@thomaslennon) in a chipotle to interview for an internship:
there's a movie where rodney dangerfield dresses his son up like a girl to play soccer. that shit exists. and it cost millions of dollars.
finally, someone has the courage to come right out and say it. rt @realjeffreyross: fuck kale.
oh shit, shots fired. kendrick lamar reportedly calls out bobby flay, pixar and all 32 members of arcade fire on upcoming verse.
11 examples that prove tv news has pretty much given up:
the dark film adaptation of shel silverstein's "the giving tree" starring @tylergposey has a brand new trailer:
looking forward to the awkward moment on next week's breaking bad when walt asks hank to open the garage door.
the 9 types of professors you encounter in college:
shooting today with alessandra ambrosio (@angelalessandra) and a very happy @rjmitte.
teen dipes are the new totally extreme diapers made just for teens!
links! 9 incredibly reckless cartoons, conan launches a massive joke database and more:
behind the scenes of a real intellectual thinker's piece we made over the weekend.
21 best gifs of all time of the week:
watch these fod videos w/ all-star casts! presented by 'we're the millers' b/c dayummmn they got a nice cast:
#ff @sfoutsidelands edition: @the_national @nilerodgers @robhuebel @thesoftwhite60s @dillonfrancis @nineinchnails @nickthune
7 unlikely 'breaking bad' endings:
"cars" and "planes" were just the beginning! check out these trailers for disney's latest vehicle movies:
breaking bad's @deanjnorris spoils everything else on tv:
"breaking badge" is a new amc original series about the dangerous world of girl scout cookies:
19 shocking photos of muppets as you've never seen them before:
breaking bad's @deanjnorris stopped by with a script from the final episode.
shit... those justice forever pussies just showed up.  mother russia?  get off the pot!  f me... gotta go.  been fun bitches!
@mrcrimsonp shit... someone is pounding on the door. i think it's justice forever. fuck...
@amberr1982 mother of what?
@fatchickinla fist
@spike_demon i like it... my demon just got all spikey.
@mikameekz i like where you are going, but bazookas are a bit of a sore spot with me...
@armaya_chey i like knife parties... as long as we invite kick ass.
@zombie_familiar let me check with my assistant...
@charliekeiser newt gingrich.
@drawesome21899 yes?
@tmariak nah, just a bad attitude and a love of me.
@olliemunoz holding chainsaws?!?!?  ooo... i just got hard.
@deborah_j_ong they haven't invented a scale that can handle my awesomeness...
@ah_greenghost if they make us laugh.
@wotv_ "evil tattoo"
@supersam3 how do you choose?  that's like asking me to pick between pregnant kim kardashian and pregnant jessica simpson.
@seedofsmiley sharks!
@mikameekz the feeling is mutual.
@harveygt_1 dude -- you can run my evil army if you have that kind of intel.
@mikameekz i like to hang myself from my door knob when i'm... uh... never mind.
@ivonwuchina thank you, good sir.
@noahontheblock yes.  that is the kind of out-of-the-box evil thinking we need in the tmcs.
@stellamaryluce dude, if you are asking me to take your daughter on a date, you have serious problems.
@wotv_ if you are the first of the new breed, i want to make more...
@tomlukezap thanks, buddee.
@nalareyes maybelline. 'cause i'm worth it.
@awesomesherrel no, but i'd like to.
@ivonwuchina bruce lee. not even a contest.
@spike_demon my humps.
@roy4114 wear leather.
@letsignoreroman that sounds cool... can i join?
@rohitcr2k the only facial hair i respect is the soul patch.
@charfernandez_ heeeeyyyy... what are your digits?
@xzxmickyzzxzx ruling the world, bitches!!!!
@xzxmickyzzxzx 'cause that was my superhero name.  pay attention.
@_jessiegould they are a bunch of weak ass weenies.
@evelyncadena exercise is for poor people.  i pay people to carry my shit.
@roy4114 ron jeremy.
@roy4114 death.  i also like the clown prince of crime.
@mcrmy_together cool. gonna check that out... if i ever leave this site.  mahahahahahahahahaahah!
@benjaminfilms "i'm a sweet transvestite!"
@elguluso javier is my bodyguard. when i call him my butler, he gets all pissy...
@xxreatorxx sharks
@mcrmy_together dude -- that is so cool! where did you do that?
@armaya_chey she's a tall glass of russian vodka... she's got like a 16 pack for abs... and she smells like a dirty underwear. tasty.
@misterbitey nah, the real hotties hang at the evil lair.
@mcrmy_together sounds like a fetish happy meal.
@bedbugcrazy are you shocked? pussy.
@zombie_familiar dude... i can't talk about it.  i'm still (sniffle), still too upset...
@valerie_garcia2 i like a good tickle fight.
@redon_theledger i'd make him listen to beiber.
@evelyncadena neither... but i do like a little union j.
@ohaiitsmefelipe hells yes
@evelyncadena i only wanna be me. 'cause i'm winning!  oooo wait -- maybe i would be charlie sheen? that guy gets laid.
@zach1782 best question so far!!!!  you are funny... no need to die. answer: hilary clinton.
@jemxcarstairs your love for me is unquestionable.
@josephbynature depends, are you more evil than me?
@l0vey0uc0c0zza tweeting you...
@charfernandez_ no need to make us the last men on earth... i'd make a flesh suit out of him tomorrow.
@lslhungary yes, i am super bad.
@9gerian_tomi including your's?
@tony_mazo it's so much more fun being a bad guy than a boy scout.
@davethewave19 me.  'cause if they don't laugh at my jokes, bad shit happens...
@ah_greenghost if you like breaking rules and you'll swear allegiance to me, you are in.  bring snacks.
@steviemanmuppet since you are a muppet... i'm going to say, "clowns."
@ash3032 thunder cats. i'm allergic.
@jimgilhooly1957 wait -- you get to take stuff when you die!?!?!?
@nalareyes i'm gonna drink his milkshake.
@ash3032 my evil army... the tumor, genghis carnage, black death, mother russia... those guys are so rad.
what up bitches? it's me @motherf_cker and i own funny or die now - so be funny. or die. tweet @funnyordie, follow at
the motherfucker has taken over! tweet questions for him @funnyordie and read his answers here:
the motherfucker from "kick-ass 2" is taking over our twitter in one hour at noon pst! start tweeting questions for him now!
can't remember how people expressed love before emojis/that thing where you put two hands together to make a heart.
this is just a good video of a news reporter accidentally drawing a penis:
the motherfucker from "kick-ass 2" is taking over our twitter tomorrow @ 12 noon pst! prepare some super questions.
it's not easy knowing the "" in beyonc will live a fuller life than you.
on this week's throwing shade, bryan and erin talk about the hit song "asian girlz" and russia's cold war on gays:
17 pictures that beg the question: "what's going on with horses these days?"
willpaper
there's pretty much only one reason a bus seat smells like pee.
a memo from the ceo of the 'weiner leathers' company who's confused about all their recent attention:
the moral of jeff bezos: for $2.50 you buy the washington post and solve a crossword. $250m you can buy it and put your balls on the front page.
we sent amish correspondent jebediah jacobs to the x-games in la to see what all the fuss is about:
flowchart: are you watching a cartoon for adults or for kids?
trailer for matt damon's new movie where he's a robot named wall-e on a mission to find love on elysium:
links! the 50 worst movie taglines ever, the pope's new relaxed rules and more
thanks @millajovovich for having us over at your house today for a bbq!
a missing teen (@edensher) has the misfortune of being found by lizzie and ali:
stocking up for the weekend? don't forget our new party game!
every group of ladies has its "carrie."
this humorous scene set in an office features light, carefree energy and whimsical flavor:
cock-blocking is the adult version of pausing super mario bros. when your friend is in the middle of a jump.
this trailer for were the millers" starring jennifer aniston and jason sudeikis is very touching  and very nsfw.
here's how baseball fans can spend their time if a-rod gets banned for life:
apparently, every new fiat 500l comes complimentary with an italian family in the backseat:
these amazing gifs prove that an escalator can never break; it can only become hilarious:
anthony weiner refuses to stop being himself in the race for mayor of new york city:
here's proof that sharks make every movie better:
apparently, no one watched this smurfs 2 trailer before approving it for release:
in the wake of a scandal involving slutbag" interns, these wanted ads for the weiner campaign were spotted in nyc:
throwing shade returns, as @bryansafi and @gibblertron discuss all the issues important to ladies and gays!
these mls all-stars dropped their hot new rap hit today. 5 people who rt this win rad gear worn in the video!
these 15 animals look like they just walked in on their parents having sex:
if you played nintendo as a kid without closing the front game flap, your whole life has probably been a mess.
these pairings of hip-hop artists and cereals are part of a completely awesome breakfast!
yesterday is history. tomorrow is a mystery. today is a gift. that's why it's shitty and you want to return it.
50 things you must do before summer ends:
watch our weekly recap of the newsroom, as johnny and kellyn use facetime to discuss willie pete!
"how are you still single?" is the nicest way to ask "what the hell is really wrong with you?"
this amazing prank gif is sure to be the song of the summer:
watch this video to see what would happen if your awful day came with a soundtrack:
read everything tim tebow wants his new patriots pals to know before they become best buds at training camp!
in response to buzzfeeds 10 trips you need to take in your 20s," watch the 10 trips you actually will take!
click these amazing links so you can be honest when people ask if you did anything cool this weekend!
p.o.v. news hits the streets to find out what people think about the royal baby, mexico's obesity rate and ryan braun:
ever wondered what it would be like if gary busey melded with yoda? this @teamcoco clip is for you:
21 best gifs of all time of the week vol. 6:
#ff @evilhag her new movie "the to do list" is out now! make a list of things to do this weekend and put seeing that movie at the top.
#ff @evilhag her new movie "the to do list" is out now! make a list of things to do this weekend and put seeing that movie at the top.
this guy definitely knows how to play a zelda song on an accordion while riding a unicycle in the woods:
jacob writes his roommate holly a very special poem from his heart:
abc news awkwardly suggests the royal baby was named after george zimmerman:
witness the vaginal birth of throwing shade: the podcast: the web series! @gibblertron and @bryansafi will rock you:
'in the way guy' ruins 11 of your favorite photos:
the best of @glenn_howerton's twitter takeover:
this dog really loves riding the slide in our office!
if you rearrange "george alexander louis" you get "relaxed gorgeous alien." coincidence? or just time to quit smoking pot forever?
no good deed goes unpunished. watch what happens when tom brady does his old "buddy" a favor:
if you're not watching drunk history tonight, there's a good chance you have the iq of an empty keg.
the snoozeroom, our weekly recap of the newsroom, is back! watch as johnny and kellynn break down episode 2 from bed:
a hardcore sex tape involving farm animals and the grease soundtrack would be less embarrassing than referring to yourself as carlos danger.
this is what your phone would look like if @buzzfeed was your text-happy friend:
r.i.p.d and m.i.b may just be the same movies set in different times:
16 great comic-con costumes you don't need to be a huge nerd to appreciate:
i mean now you almost have to name the baby "#royalbaby". hashtag and everything. (via @rejectedjokes)
campaign ads from the candidates in this year's dj mag top 100 election:
that's all from comic-con 2013! thanks for following us through the chaos. see you next year! #sdcc
hey, san diego! one last thing. first 3 ppl to come to 7th ave and k st right now win these cool @pfcycles bikes!
this guy's shoes depict a hypothetical battle between batman and boba fett. #sdcc
that's all from ron perlman! follow him at @perlmutations. and now back to the final hours of this life changing comic-con coverage. #sdcc
@sportsgeyser 
maw, i'd have the exact same life as a cab driver in new york
@findlay_5 

wait...which head are we talkin...?
@geotruckr 

love trying to make drama as funny as possible!
@spaceprophet 

leonard? is that really you???
@fionadotter both actually.
@brinasamcro 

lolabrigida!!
@zachthekinggg 

was i???
@fionadotter 

i always have a thong in my heart!
@fionadotter 
a little bleach. no starch please.
@jennyblueefc i'm wearing it right now! you?
@pilgrimomega 

oy!!!
@padre_vincent 

lunch!
@mrjayba 

who?
@brinasamcro 

can you dm from this site???
@pandora_2012 

let's face it...nobody can cool me.
@dayofthecatfish depends...how tall are you?
@brinasamcro only when i think i'm gonna fart and find out it was more serious...
@battleaxe1959  just soa; hamlet on a harley!
@rachtacular  they were looking for someone who spoke french badly. hello!!
@pierrelamont i'd like to play the role of jeremy renner's agent!
@theitoutspoken   dr. zhivago
@mariemariehb hellboy!
@pcan_do_it 

i'll tell ya 1 thing...it's bad being a hardass!
@mariemariehb   a few. i think.
@laura_gmg my battery of attorneys are looking into it.
@coolcats2001 what cage do you reside in?
@jjport1006 letcha know in about 40 years....
@adamfawns everything's fun when gdt's behind the camera!
@coolcats2001 

mom??
@adamlmiles "don't by apple" when it was 55 dollars a share! that guy's in a shallow grave!!
@iatse luv all my union bruthas and sistas!
@thewolfmanjones i ching!
@tacomeatforever 

funny! or die!!
@coolcats2001 individually? or collectively??
@madmantx i quit 2 years ago. had enuff cubans for 2 lifetimes!
@calvinshevlin across a dinner table from my wife and kids...
@brinasamcro the jail time...delicious!
@bluraymad 37 long years
@vorvadoss yeah, hilarious except for the fuckin guy that bought it!
6 minutes! 6 measly friggin minutes separates us and immortality! tweet a muthafucka @funnyordie. i meant 5! 5 frickin minutes...
ron perlman (@perlmutations) is taking over our twitter in one hour at 10am pst! start tweeting questions for him now! #sdcc
you could make a million dollars in san diego tonight with a bucket and a "save the hill valley clock tower" sign. #sdcc
ron perlman (@perlmutations) is taking over our twitter tomorrow (sun) at 10am pst to talk to you! prepare questions, expect answers. #sdcc
oh conversation about a $600 thor hammer: "it's nice, but it's too nice. i wouldn't fight with it." "i dare you to fight with it." #sdcc
this is glenn franklin howerton, iii saying... good bye...
that may be all, my friends. thanks for all of your questions.
@gregoryjpappas fuck cilantro
@evilabed101 charlie is aces, babe. aces. and don't you forget it.
@daytonaseagull no. and my name is glenn
@clockettup i'd say it's 90% scripted. and i don't think an improv has changed an entire arc, but they have developed into runners.
@jakejohnston the power to always not have to worry about what i'm going to eat next.
@prospectjoe chardee macdennis. that ep was a grind to shoot for some reason. a lot of yelling. more than usual.
@1ramblinmandan you just have to treat it like it's hot.
@jamesbsweet lethal weapon 6 coming soon!
@sav_czyzewiczz yup. tomorrow from 1:30 to 2:30 then panel at 3pm.
@whipsawed6 jeff. wait... you are talking about sanctimonious time demons, right?
@mmcartor add more green stains to make a green spotted pink couch. god!
@whipsawed6 get a new girlfriend. one that isn't so stupid.
@domdellamorte astley's pretty fast, so i'll go with him.
@levig3 we're like a three headed monster.
@officiallymaya this season.
@hockeypunk36 i absolutely love that show and those guys.
@kissy_elliott try rear grinding.
@levig3 i like early traffic.
@j_holtzman we haven't decided yet.
@tan_servo he's incredible.
@g__be benioff and weiss wrote an episode this season. the first time an outside writer has written something and it worked. brilliant guys.
@grape73 did you not see must love dogs?
@mbbernstein it's all written, then we ad-lib and improv within and around it.
@musicalj21 sean penn. because he's so fucking awesome. or gary oldman.
@vittorants win in the end by mark safan
@ryanhcollins about as awesome as a monster movie gets, pal.
@radiomuse210 i produced a film that will hopefully come out in the next year called the wilderness of james.
@m_evans10 jimmy simpson is a genius
@manbearhog of course i do. what am i, an idiot?
@gregoryjpappas you don't think i know that?
@grimy_va best show on tv currently.
@whipsawed6 why fake it?
@f4double_d he has no smell at all. it's strange.
@thorstensuppli on my ipad
@garbanzocakes there was a lot of singing going on.
@jonathanesal no doubt. it's just a fun little game i play. i'm not doing it to be a good person.
@tjfenton33 i've really been loving bill burr lately. that dude kills me.
@hellorw ricky gervais, mindy kaling, seth rogan and co., danny mcbride is a genius. jason bateman. there are many.
@yacobfoust i love those zucker abrahms zucker movies, man. airplane!, naked gun and top secret still kill me. the original office too.
@racheythomas i am inspired by my anger. and rob. and charlie. and my wife.
@whipsawed6 maybe after she stops shilling shitty products that are bad for people.
@imarecluse why does it need to be tasteful?
@yacobfoust why charlie hate?
@smlcjr yes, i am big fan. and i will miss the great glen mazzara
@migscalgary there is a real paddy's pub on race street. bring a shield.
we're handing our twitter to @glenn_howerton! tweet questions now and read answers here:
always sunny's @glenn_howerton is taking over our twitter in one hour at noon pst to talk to you! start tweeting questions now! #sdcc
if you have a dog, it should be illegal not to do this. #sdcc
thanks @pfcycles for sending us down to san diego w/ these cool bikes! they put pedicabs to shame. #sdcc
by far the laziest "shaun of the dead" cosplay here. #sdcc
two of comic-con's finest are taking over our twitter! @glenn_howerton tomorrow at noon and ron perlman (@perlmutations) sun at 10am! #sdcc
early contender for best sign of the weekend. #sdcc
tickets are now on sale for all @oddballfest dates, including newly added hartford, ct and las vegas!
watch this very nsfw video from los angeles skate punks @fidlarla to find out why @nick_offerman is so pissed:
leaked live reading of j.k. rowling latest pseudonym book:
the catholic church says you get less time in purgatory if you follow the pope on twitter! here are some other perks:
join @nekocase as she launches our new performance series: dressing room sessions!
how is there not a white rapper named enron hubbard?
this video titled "cartwheel fails" definitely delivers what it promises:
we're going to comic-con tomorrow! follow @funnyordie here, on instagram and vine for more nerdy fun than the average brain can handle. #sdcc
still not as bad as the time rolling stone put mumford and sons on the cover.
watch this nfl training video and you, too, can finally learn how not to murder people:
11 stars who just get how to be a celebrity:
billy on the street is returning to @fusetv for season 3! congratulations, @billyeichner!
high school av teacher, gary ashpole (@roryscovel), makes inspiring documentaries. brace yourself:
florida has had a lot of bad press lately. here's a definitive list of the pros and cons of this controversial state:
do you like new music videos? do you like @dalejrjrmusic? then you're going to love this:
"the snoozeroom" is our new weekly recap of the newsroom! here's the season premiere:
if 2 chainz doesn't have a cameo in "2 guns," a lot of people in hollywood need to sit down and rethink some things.
two friends visit a food truck and wind up meeting @carmenelectra in line:
new @oddballfest dates have been added! hartford, ct and las vegas on sale friday! buy tickets to all other shows now:
comedian @brodyismefriend tells you everything you need to know about the @oddballfest comedy festival:
links! the 25 worst rappers of all time, an 8-bit version of anchorman and more:
'pacific rim' is a groundbreaking masterpiece of 'sons of anarchy' fan fiction.
we're all going to hell for laughing at this. totally worth it:
we've got an exclusive deleted scene from pacific rim! must've been too implausible to make the final cut:
'hitler chicken' and 8 more dictator-themed restaurants:
the 21 best gifs of all time of the week:
going on an ice cream cleanse.
"glitter and ribs" by the incomparable @billyeichner is available on itunes! get it today, love it forever:
can't wait for the gta v side mission where you get fired from your real life job after not showing up for a month.
the justin bieber wacky headline generator:
"poking" someone on facebook is exactly as creepy as showing them your soft penis in an elevator. (via @robdelaney)
the @dodgers let us tweet from their acct last month. help us apologize by voting @yasielpuig to the all-star game:
do you like cute pictures? of dogs? kittens? baby penguins and shit? follow us on pinterest:
"eccentric" is just a nice way to call a rich person crazy.
cleveland browns fan makes the ultimate request in his obituary:
spotted in nyc. seems legit.
.@nick_offerman and @mrbobodenkirk star in this new drunk history clip! premieres tonight at 10/9c on @comedycentral:
14 photos of 90's kids that only 90's kids will get:
the leaked email chain between the disney execs who greenlit the lone ranger:
if there was a machine that could tell you how you die, would you be dumb enough to use it?
good luck finding a better name than this one:
if asian teenagers don't give you respect nods at red lights, your ride probably isn't worth shit.
10 things you might not know about the royal baby:
the new office 3d printer is for business use only. too bad the employees didn't get that memo:
don't forget what makes america great: your freedom to poorly recite bill pullman's "independence day" speech w/ a mouth full of hot dogs.
happy 4th of july! we made a 60 minute royalty-free salute to america that you can play at your bbq:
"magna carta holy grail" should've been called "does anybody at this party have a samsung?"
6 reasons you shouldnt photograph fireworks with your phone:
every 4th of july bbq has one asshole. please don't be this guy:
on this royal baby watch, @mrdavehill asks the chairman of the british monarchist society the tough baby questions:
15 gifs of animals who don't know what the hell just happened:
it's nice to see disney getting back to basics: a fun story, johnny depp in a wig and ambiguously misinformed racism.
take this fun "friends" quiz to find out if youre a friends fanatic or friends phony:
girl runs on the field of the college world series to take the greatest selfie of all time:
we've got exclusive new lone ranger footage! check it out and get excited for this 7th trailer:
kinda ironic that a guy named "snowden" winds up stuck in russia in the middle of the summer.
our awesome shirts are on sale today only! get one now to fly your fashionable freedom on july 4:
aaron hernandez bought bubblicious cotton candy gum before allegedly committing murder. here's his new gum ad:
nobody is safe from getting catfished these days. not even @davidspade:
how loud can you talk to yourself before people think you're crazy? asking for an imaginary friend.
links! phil hartman's snl bloopers, gilbert gottfried does breaking bad and more:
thanks to everyone at the @marfafilmfest for waiting in line to get personalized hand typed jokes! see you next year:
#ff @toroymoi and @cashmerecat take a chill pill.
17 surprising gifs of people falling down:
#ff @hordie making shit happen at fod like ev-uh-ree day.
the 21 best gifs of all time of the week:
#ff @davemustaine and @officialkennyg two of the most metal dudes the world has ever seen.
courtroom recording of supreme court justice scalia's dissenting opinion in the landmark gay marriage case:
a helpful graph for how often you're supposed to wash your clothes:
matt's hair is looking luxurious as fuck today.
"world war g" trailer shows the whole world getting infected. the whole, fabulous world:
7 anti-gay protest signs updated for the post-doma world:
.@mrdavehill has royal baby fever. the only cure? go to england and become the official royal baby watch correspondent:
8 failed 90's legal dramas starring @breckinmeyer and @mpg:
the 15 best tweets following the supreme court's overturn of doma and prop 8:
anybody worried this will lead to people marrying dogs needs to calm down, think rationally and realize that would be awesome.
goodbye prop 8 and doma! hello #marriageequality and the most fantastic weddings any of us have ever seen.
will ferrell's super sexy hot tan streaking strength sunscreen
6 game of thrones dating profiles:
summer tip: don't forget to drink lots of sunscreen and wear plenty of water.
"so you think you can prance?" w/ @adammshankman, @dizzyfeet and @bethbehrs is the hottest new competitive dance show:
this dog learns the hard way not to play around the pool:
9 ways to help your kanye west adjust to a new baby:
breaking: the grand canyon skywire guy cheated! here's the photographic evidence:
13 hall of fame worthy gifs of nba champion @chrisbosh:
.@megadeth's @davemustaine and @officialkennyg join forces. you're going to like the way this looks, we guarantee it:
links! the greatest mr. show sketches, the 50 funniest movie quotes ever and more:
you've got to be some kind of dumbass to wear a shirt with a hashtag on it.
las vegas: where alcohol doesn't even crack the top 10 list of things most likely to make you throw up.
7 equally clever first names for kimyes baby:
#ff @ohanaleigh the fresh new face for an exciting feminine product.
the @oddballfest w/ dave chappelle and flight of the conchords is coming soon! get tickets now or regret it forever!
david stern hands lebron the 'most hated on' award. "i'm blessed to have so many salty motherfuckers talking shit," says an emotional james.
congratulations to the spurs for finally being able to leave miami!
congrats to our friend @iamdiddy for getting @revolttv on time warner cable! they'll bring the contract by sometime between 8pm and march.
miss utah and miss south carolina join forces to give the perfect pageant answer:
stressed b/c someone's not responding to a text? relax! they're probably just busy or driving or they hate you.
15 pics that prove sometimes even one job is too many:
provincetown, ma! we're showing an "anchorman" and "isteve" double feature tomorrow at 8:30pm! get involved:
the official trailer for "anchorman 2" is finally here! it's kind of a big deal:
dave chappelle and flight of the conchords are headlining the oddball tour! this ain't your grandma's comedy show:
19 more of the greatest yearbook moments of all time:
miss utah's band keeps on grooving during her answer:
lebron james lives the way he plays...with similar results:
nsa official says cell phone snooping has intercepted over 50 terrorist plots, all of them dick pic related.
this is what happens when you bring an adorable dog to our office.
7 corporate ads based on 'yeezus' lyrics:
the sex you're having is only as good as it sounds:
only going through a metal detector at airport security really makes you miss the rush of anonymously showing your naked body to a stranger.
this young lady might be the greatest mad libs player of all time:
the nsa just released a sexy new commercial starring @sashagrey:
the oddball comedy festival w/ dave chappelle and flight of the conchords is coming and it's going to be monstrous:
links! letterman loves drums, the ss kid rock exists and more:
#ff @itrevormoore he's not afraid to blow a whistle.
13 amazing redneck family portraits:
rare video footage of nintendo's 1985 system reveal:
meats by dre
heard a security guard at the mall yell, "base! come in!" into his walkie talkie. probably the greatest moment of his life.
local kfod news correspondent les turner looks at this summer's upcoming blockbuster movies:
19 father's day gift ideas:
supreme court rules that human jeans cannot be patented. "human jeans? like pants made from skin? sounds gross," said clarence thomas.
a statement from fod regarding the privacy of our users:
a message from @itrevormoore about action we can take against the nsa wiretapping our phones:
apple's new ad encourages you to stop living your life and start recording it:
edward snowden says he's not hiding from the nsa in a new interview he did from an undisclosed location on the other side of the planet.
apple's new ios 7 has arrived! here's everything you need to know about it:
support our unmanned drones! get this shirt today and let everyone know you're a real patriot:
the best of @maisie_williams' twitter takeover:
links! game of thrones spoilers, the greatest event in television history and more:
sony: "ps4 plays used games and doesn't require internet." audience cheers, begins masturbating. janitors prep for long night of cleanup. #e3
every gamer's thoughts while watching the #sonye3 ps4 keynote: "please don't fuck this up like xbox. please don't fuck this up like xbox."
thanks again @maisie_williams for a great qanda! read all her answers here:
okay, goodnight everyone! i had great fun answering all of your q's, sorry i couldn't answer them all! see you next year on season 4 &lt;3
@ay_stecco @maisie_williams steal ned's head and leave in funny places!
@casterlyrocking olivia colman, she's brilliant!
@kingofwinterfel not again! ahhhh
@buzz_lanthier he is really cute, especially when he walks into things and yawns. photogenic tortoise!
@buzz_lanthier china, always wanted to go there! or north of the wall, by that would be really scary!
@editted on a scale of 0-dust, they are probably around a 9.3.. sorry bro:/
@cjeter @beyonce @gameofthrones @maisie_williams pleaseeeee! haha
@maisie_aryafan @katyperrycherry hello guys! i don't really know what to say?
.. 
cheese puffs!
luvya bye&lt;3
@srsaul04 @maisie_williams catleyn, everyone needs a mum!
@cjeter beyonc!!!! my life would be the best ever!
@alexandraintx @maisie_williams it hurts my neck looking up at him all the time, but i guess he feels the same only looking down! he's ace..
@darylsarms_ @maisie_williams simply amazing! the best experience of my life. i'm having a ball..
@haydonsmovies @maisie_williams maybe, the pressure to be funny is very high!
@jonathonbeggs @sophiee_turner yeah, it's just not the same!
@jonathonbeggs @sophiee_turner yeah, it's just not the same!
@raelshark @maisie_williams i went full psycho didn't i? never go full psycho..
@cjeter i am a fan of the show, which is strange. i do cringe immensely at arya's parts though..
@harvey_s the power to change your power with just a thought. boom! best power ever..
@mizticnz wow, you're the other side of the word! i still find that amazing that you stick to the floor and don't fall off..
@sudigreen @gameofthrones that is hilarious! hahah
@mr_gonz i had a lot of help from the stunt guys! my arm is beefy now.
@tristaann5 ygritte is pretty cool!
@carissablades @maisie_williams oh ma dayyzz, it is indeed.. stop judging my bed sheet choices! joking
@cjeter dancing, i always wanted to dance. acting just kind of happened! one day though..
@cotillardian emma stone, she's hilarrrrrrrr
@grandes4squatch hey nick williams, we share a name.. i like you, i'll kill you last!
joking
@jonathonbeggs the accent, it's class!
@mikeyrockslang not really but if they did, i wouldn't tell them..
@jonathonbeggs i hear conleth hill is a trickster, i haven't been blessed with his pranks yet!
@cotillardian hardest question ever!
@gameofthrones a tortoise. more specifically, my tortoise. his name is barney, i wander what is going on in his head. he's quite simple
@dadamstowel he deserved it to be honest. to any freys reading:
talk bad about my family again, i'll stab your other neck.. wait what?!
@proggrrl i don't really know. i had loads of adrenaline, and was just like stab, stab, stab! rory is so cool, and very funny!
@cjeter i will next time i see her!
@beneriksen999 @maisie_williams i have sensitive teeth, so yeah and no at the same time!
@haydonsmovies @gameofthrones boy, girl.. i am a sword!
@gameofthrones winner! hah
.@maisie_williams has taken over our account! tweet questions for her @funnyordie and she just might answer them.
games of thrones' @maisie_williams is taking over our account in one hour (5e/2p). start tweeting questions for her @funnyordie now!
.@gameofthrones star @maisie_williams is taking over our account today at 5e/2p for a live qanda with you! brace yourself. answers are coming.
the @gameofthrones season is ending, but @maisie_williams is taking over our twitter account tomorrow at 5e/2p to answer all your questions!
yikes! these celebs wore the same outfit! but who wore it best? download the occasional now to find out:
thanks @mlb @dodgers and @braves for letting us take over their accounts! and thanks to their fans for tolerating us.
we're taking over the @mlb, @dodgers and @braves accounts this afternoon! follow them now for live tweets about hot dogs.
#ff @nick_offerman king of summer
#ff @actuallyberg able to read heavy books.
in honor of superman's 75th anniversary, here's the complete history of america's most iconic hero:
office coworkers discuss their big plans for the purge:
j.c. penny denies having more nazi-related products:
verizon unveils new slogan and data plan in the wake of the nsa scandal:
.@jennyslate25 and @gabeliedman are back in a new bestie x bestie to talk about who's horny:
21 more photos of bill clinton having the goddamn time of his life:
man jumps off a balcony to escape his angry wife while a crowd cheers him on:
the cast of mad men react to the red wedding:
welcome to the funny or die yard sale!
12 examples of the sloth-facing meme:
heroic local fat guy manages to photobomb bbc news dozens of times:
the best thing about the new superman is his power of being in every advertisement. (via @paulscheer)
nick wiger directing two actors on how high they need to be for a scene.
6 pictures from the "game of thrones" red wedding photo booth:
if we rename climate change "bacon and tits" i bet more people would pay attention to it. (via @ghostpanther)
jonathan the hairstylist recaps this week's red wedding episode of game of thrones:
graffiti is the voice of the streets. and the streets is apparently an asshole:
michael douglas revealed cunnilingus caused his throat cancer. here's guide to his other medical ailments:
not watching game of thrones is the new being a jewish kid on christmas. (via @jensenclan88)
take a look at behind the scenes at the crew that made the prancercise video:
9 hilarious letters written by kids to their teachers:
links! everything ron swanson has ever eaten, @marcmaron interviews himself and more:
strip clubs and museums have the same rules. (via @bryansafi)
the only thing alcohol can't cure is alcoholism.
#ff @terribletown pat made some great videos like the wire: the musical and american psycho w/ huey lewis. follow him! you won't regret it.
the apocalypse is coming! this is the end! check out this playlist of 10 fod videos to watch before it's all over:
we've got the exclusive script to the 'grumpy cat' movie! spoilers ahead:
#ff @hayeslady @michaelawat and @ardenmyrin dress friends are best friends.
download the free new tech issue of the occasional for reviews of hot new apps, like operation: kim jong-un edition!
this pic of @roblowe is currently hanging just above the urinal in our men's bathroom:
the real reason michelle bachmann won't be running for re-election next year:
do you have trouble getting out of bed? especially to go to a baby shower? this video is for you:
troian bellisario (@sleepinthegardn) taking our slide for a ride:
michele bachmann announced she isn't running for re-election. "i just want to spend time with my family and focus on being crazy at home."
nick carpassiosso has a lot of gripes. you could even say he's the king of gripes:
the 15 most confusing signs ever:
here's what happened when vine tried to make a commercial for vine:
play "fuck, marry, kill" with your favorite movie robots in the free new tech issue of the occasional!
it's no coincidence that dad advice rhymes with bad advice.
congratulations on already finishing the new season of arrested development! couldn't do it twice by now? must not be a real fan. bummer.
the 11 most outrageous celebrity mugshots:
"white dude" by @lildickytweets gets real about what it's actually like to be a caucasian male:
happy memorial day! don't forget what makes america great: brave heroes, bbq, beer and freedom. basically all the stuff from fast and furious 6.
what did top innovators look like when they were young? try the morphing tool in the free new issue of the occasional
the reviews are in for "behind the candelabra" and they're all focused on the important things:
"how warm is your butt right now?" - one of many sexting tips available free in the new tech issue of the occasional:
14 photos that can't possibly be a coincidence:
#ff @meganamram and @jakefogelnest two proud independent women doing their damn thing in los angeles.
if you like videos where a monkey shares a lollipop with a dog, you're going to love this:
we've got an exclusive sneak preview of the new arrested development! check it out unless you're chicken:
obama pledges to limit drone strikes to people who participate in throwback thursday. approval rating soars.
12 photos of cats treating dogs like pillows:
kelsey grammer performs open heart surgery on the worst heart ever:
thank you, @gqmagazine for saying between two ferns is the funniest thing on the internet!
simon rex (@dirtnasty) hosts a new show "hollywood on vine" that shows you the very best of vine:
the cutest dog ever is in our office right now.
are you ready for the future of comedy? ed asner, cloris leachman and rip taylor give you a tour of their hip new site:
hockey players wear knives on their feet. that might be the most hardcore shit of all time. #stanleycup
this video finally reveals the truth about who @kenjeong really is:
meet doug farber, one of the mickey mouse club's most talented mouseketeers. see what he's up to today:
xbox one: new graphics. new hardware. same kids on xbox live claiming they banged your mom.
6 gifs of miguel's epic stage dive:
jonathan the hairstylist is here once again to do his weekly recap of the new game of thrones:
check out the red band trailer for "the kings of summer" w/ @nick_offerman, @alisonbrie, @hannibalburess and more:
yahoo announced today that they, "promise not to screw tumblr up." that's exactly what someone says before they screw something up.
in case you missed it, here's everyone who showed up to stefon's wedding on the snl finale:
mr. @pattonoswalt gets a strange pair of glasses that reveal a terrifying secret about the world around him:
finally someone is brave enough to speak the truth. rt @kevingchristy: if i was a woman i would have so many pairs of fun leggings.
astounding fact to make you feel old: sisqo's thong song is closer in time to the civil war than it is to today. (via @mrchadcarter)
rich kids complain about zach braff ruining kickstarter:
#ff @danabramson if you like things that are both timely and topical, this is for you.
the video game character's food pyramid:
#ff @kylieminogue and @iamdiddy coming soon to a tv near you.
the special unit's unit (@adamdevine) is patrolling the streets to make sure guys keep their body hair under control:
police cars with "watch the road" bumperstickers = extremely lazy entrapment.
jonathan the hairstylist returns for another fabulous recap of this week's game of thrones:
the rumors are true! sean combs (@iamdiddy) proves he was really the first black cast member on downton abbey.
.@peteholmes joined forces with @realpaulwalker to make the "fast and furious" franchise a bit nicer:
robot guac #daftfood
ramen access memories #daftfood
"lawyer cop m.d." is the most original legal police medical drama on television:
18 shocking gifs with unexpected twist endings:
anybody who feels the need to tell you they own a bugatti, and that they also sleep in it, is probably broke as fuck.
we get it. you need to save time and be a cool adult. but spelling "though" correctly is actually pretty easy tho.
this new hello kitty movie does not sound like it's for kids:
angelina jolie's breasts brought joy to millions, raised cancer awareness and spread life saving info. we should all aspire to be so awesome.
tasha van der sloot interviews @robdelaney about his new board game:
6 behind the scenes photos from "she-ra" w/ @kylieminogue and alfie allen:
meet @bobsaget's mom, dolly. this is her story:
daft punk shocks world with news that they secretly owned quizno's this whole time. "no plans to tour, we just want to focus on sandwiches."
she-ra starring @kylieminogue is coming soon to nbc in this live-action reboot the universe has been waiting for!
power couple (@reneefsmith and chris gabriel) expresses their love for mommies with this hot new track:
links! your mom's best quotes, colbert's new book club and more:
happy mother's day! call your mom and thank her for putting up with the various types of shit you've been able to produce.
"gentlemen, be not mistaken: the party is here on the western side." -sir montell jordan (via @szyjake)
okay, this gatsby inspired product promotion is getting out of hand:
the 8 punniest 'great gatsby' reviews:
holy crap! @fatmike_of_nofx got a ron burgundy tattoo! stay class, mike:
safety first.
the 25 most unfortunate names in sports history:
the 25 most unfortunate names in sports history:
#ff @edwardnorton and @galifianakisz and @thelonelyisland best friends forever
8 totally omg sidebob photos:
bobby bottleservice (@nickkroll) has a message for all the mothers out there this mother's day:
sparks fly when wade walker (@mrcraigrobinson) crashes the preppy peeples annual reunion:
25 mothers day gifts to avoid this year:
watch the "it's topical" crew take aim at this week's hottest news:
warning! this new "star trek" clip contains a potential spoiler. it's also hilarious:
do you enjoy cute pictures of puppies? themed cupcakes? mean girls quotes? follow us on pinterest:
"maury, i don't care what your paternity test says. i love this burrito and i'm going to eat it with hot sauce like it was my son."
jonathan the hairstylist is back for this week's recap of the latest game of thrones:
do you like steven seagal? do you like music videos? then watch this music video about steven seagal immediately:
lightning brutes aren't action figures. they're figures of action:
kinda fun to imagine kim kardashian's baby was inside of her dressed up like a little floral ottoman.
here's the criterion collection cover for farrah abraham's  "farrah superstar: backdoor teen mom" sex tape:
you might not be able to see it, but there's a car in this photo.
6 realizations you have after graduating:
michael shannon left a pretty disturbing message when he signed our wall.
garfield really hates mondays:
if you don't have anything nice to say, talk mad shit and be a catty bitch. #yolo
.@jessetyler ferguson and @georgetakei star in this psa about dangerous individuals who oppose marriage equality:
links! zach galifianakis tells the truth, phallic movie images and more:
isteve  the first steve jobs biopic  is available now on @huluplus! watch it today and love it forever:
when life gives you bullshit, package it and sell manure.
happy star wars day! may the 4th be with you! get it? that's today's date, but also a line from star wars. basically the greatest joke ever.
#ff @eugcordero and @destructohard scottsdale's finest.
indian food lunch buffet doesn't exactly set you up to accomplish great things with the second half of your day.
#ff @robdelaney still the undisputed heavyweight champion of twitter/your heart.
jonathan the gay hair stylist is back with a new confusing recap of the latest game of thrones:
this music video for "ex-boyfriend" by lil dicky is the feel uncomfortable summer jam of 2013:
8 broadway shows for dads:
21 nic cage face swaps that will keep you up at night:
.@mrcraigrobinson plays the piano and sings a sexy song about how to show your girl you love her:
andrew the pizza guy talks about his experience collaborating with daft punk on their new album:
donna and leslie decide to cut the bullshit and get real with each other:
20 photos of comedians posing with baguettes:
the honorable judge bro brown (@adamdevine) presiding over his courtroom:
congrats @billyeichner for the best game show host emmy nomination! the whole fod team (except one guy who is kind of a dick) is very proud!
6 depressing warning labels:
willie nelson's audition reel for the hobbit 2:
it's nice that we can finally experience gatsby in 3d the way f. scott fitzgerald always intended.
bitchy resting face is a disorder that affects millions of women every day. together we can face the problem:
michael jordan's wedding invitation:
screenwriter michael arndt documents his first day writing star wars episode vii:
this 8th ep of best of craigslist takes a look at someone who accidentally ate weed and thought they were dreaming:
this trailer for "average party" is a reminder that sometimes one big party can change your life...but usually not:
the 16 best jokes by president obama and @conanobrien from the 2013 whcd:
matt @braunger and @johnnypemberton offer up some potential slogans for @oldmilwaukee:
9 ways to get the most out of spring:
timberland boots at a pool party is an aggressive move.
so is game of thrones based on real events like the bible or based on real events like the moon landing?
#ff @derekwaterss drunk historian.
this video titled "cat video hilarious compilation" is probably the best thing you'll see today:
busy day at the office.
breakdance like nobody's tipping.
#ff @bryansafi and @listgenerator they directed that amazing michael shannon sorority letter video. you should really be following them.
21 photos of bill clinton having the goddamn time of his life:
hey bowling green, oh! first 20 ppl to go to howard's club h tonight and say "craig" get free tix for @braunger and @johnnypemberton ! do it!
throwback thursday: because a spoonful of nostalgia helps the narcissism go down. #tbt
.@ryanlochte introduces his new fragrance inspired by the water that propelled him to victory:
jonathan the gay hair stylist delivers his confusing weekly recap of the latest game of thrones episode:
larry charles, @flea333 and jerry stahl making three very different fashion statements at a shoot today:
exclusive police footage of reese witherspoons arrest:
14 old passwords the ap twitter used before getting hacked:
14 pants that test the limits of butt writing:
the reviews for "isteve" are in! check out what the critics have to say:
charlize theron gets hacked and jean dujardins villain auditions are both up for a best performance webby! vote here:
can you tell which one is actually tom brady?
does 2 chainz ever wonder where he can go artistically? and is his answer always, "i could get a third chain. 3 chainz."?
.@alisonbrie finds out what it takes to be dave franco's dream girl:
theres nothing sexier than a man who drinks @oldmilwaukee...even if hes a terrible person:
.@henryrollins visits @gorburger to honor a fallen friend plus discuss smiling, art, government and forgiveness:
"just one day?!? every day is earth day to me! i compost and make my own shoes out of feathers and recycled cans." -the worst person ever
cnn now reporting that reese witherspoon is actually a 45 y/o muslim man.
jonathan the gay hair stylist recaps the latest game of thrones episode w/ @alfieallen in his chair:
the wire: the musical and bar refaelis sex tape kickstarter are both up for a best individual short webby! vote here:
links! conan reunites with simpsons writers, @pattonoswalt's best bits and more:
.@cheechmarin and @tommychong give their first ted talk:
.@cheechmarin and @tommychong count to one minute:
.@cheechmarin and @tommychong read 4:20 verses from the bible:
the history of 420 as told by @cheechmarin and @tommychong:
when you don't want or haven't earned a full beer, make it an @oldmilwaukee 1 oz. can:
#ff @ryguyperez and @hordie he wrote/directed/edited "isteve" and she produced it. follow them both right now.
why do people say they want to eat cute babies and tiny dogs when they see them? cut it out, people! it's weird as fuck.
a guide to the edible parts of a sandwich:
#ff @justinlong and @jorgegarcia they put the steve in isteve.
a girl has trouble selling her ticket to weekend two of coachella:
we've got a big pile of #gearsjudgment games. who wants a copy? 5 ppl who rt this get one!
mr. @pattonoswalt meeting his biggest fan:
brave cat fights invisible water monsters:
want to watch isteve on your apple tv? here's how to do it:
the occasional, our digital humor magazine, is up for a webby!
vote for it now! because magazines have feelings, too:
matt @braunger is excited to finally go on tour with his son @johnnypemberton for the old milwaukee comedy tour:
.@hellobleached visits @gorburger to discuss astrological signs, play the laser round and perform a song:
isteve  the first steve jobs biopic, starring @justinlong  is live! watch it now on funny or die:
.@hayeslady, @ardenmyrin and @michaelawat visited us today to wear cool dresses and look surprised:
help us win the webby award for best humor website! vote for us today and we'll love you forever:
after a big party, the hipsters wake up to their worst nightmare...they lost their coachella tickets:
the premiere of isteve has been delayed until tomorrow on fod. please help today by donating to boston red cross:
justin bieber's thoughts on 10 other historical figures:
jonathan the gay hair stylist does a confusing game of thrones recap for the first two episodes of the new season:
links! will ferrell yelling, louis c.k. answers your questions and more:
david alan grier returns to michigan in big10 celebrity homecoming. tune-in tonight @ 12e/9p on the b1g network
coachella is like chuck e. cheese for adults except the pizza is better and the guy wearing a mouse head is a millionaire.
this rottweiler really does not like shrimp:
#ff @shelbyfero future leader of america.
a new dating show hosed by @vanderjames follows a bachelorette as she picks the phone that will be her one true love:
that kid sam neill scares in the beginning of jurassic park hits the streets for the 3d re-release:
#ff @bryancranston and @sethrogen probably lots of fun on road trips.
what it would be like if shazam worked for people:
four boys go to coachella bootcamp to prepare for the greatest weekend of their lives:
comedian @thehumphreyker takes a stab at the japanese school girl hadouken meme:
tj (@ghostpanther) and @owenburke are back to cover all the latest news! get informed:
the 11 worst lines in brad paisley and ll cool j's 'accidental racist'
we're glad you follow us here, but you should really step up your stalking game and follow us on google+
8 more types of people at coachella:
after doing something charitable, @sethrogen decides it's okay to become the worst person in the world:
cbs's terrible post march madness montage song recut with the shining to tell a new story:
6 inappropriate garfield doctor reminders:
it's free ice cream cone day at ben and jerry's. fuck you, north korea. (via @robhuebel)
7 internet "magic school bus" trips:
it's hard for a genie (parker posey) to grant expensive wishes in this economy:
here's a collection of the best messages you've left on the fod hotline! call 1-855-mr-funny anytime:
check out "fully loaded" (@filmfullyloaded) produced by @ghostpanther on @hulu! it's smart, funny and free:
.@waynecoyne from @theflaminglips visits @gorburger and takes advantage of his special surprise:
we turned our best tweets into shirts! buy this "enjoy alcoholism responsibly!" one if you like partying/fashion:
9 gifs of cats being attacked by ghosts:
in this raw practice footage, we see rutgers basketball coach mike rice save his players from scary spiders:
links! the new arrested development, jurassic park 3d and more:
one dude alone in a hot tub is a bad look.
gay marriage and universal free wi-fi are the great civil rights issues of our generation. (via @joemande)
we're at twitter hq for #comedyhackday. it brings comedians and developers together over a shared love of coffee.
#ff @szyjake he's replacing lou reed at coachella.
here's what happens when making a vine goes horribly wrong:
medical marijuana cures symptoms of insomnia, migraines and "i want to get high, see jurassic park 3d and pretend i'm a dinosaur."
20 things you didnt know about dogs:
#ff @huey_lewis_news and @alyankovic best friends forever.
11 funniest lines from roger ebert's reviews of bad movies:
rip roger ebert. thanks for watching all the bad movies so we wouldn't have to. you will be missed.
whoever ordered lunch is getting a raise.
maybe we get north korea to agree that farts are funny and thus begins the process of realizing we're not so different after all.
the unofficial @aliceinchains documentary has arrived and it is spectacular. here comes the rooster:
if eyes are the windows to the soul, then eyebrow piercings are their "beware of dog" stickers. (via @lianamaeby)
"teen mom" sends the wrong message to kids that it's ok to live in the midwest. (via @schindizzle)
a line-by-line translation of du hast by rammstein:
huey lewis invites @alyankovic to his apartment to ask him if he likes american psycho:
the j-lo sex tape has leaked online. this link is not safe for children or adults with a heart condition:
.@carsondaly does @gorburger his greatest honor and guest hosts the gorburger show:
things get a little carried away when a couple of guys celebrate a game winning shot:
kim jong un's official map of us cities to attack:
the trailer for isteve  funny or dies steve jobs movie starring @justinlong  has finally arrived:
thank you @whatculture for taking us all back to 1998 today. great sites prank alike:
quinn mallory (@mrjerryoc) wants to slide into a new dimension: the movie theater! help him fund the "sliders" movie:
baby sinclair from "dinosaurs" has a new live one man show! "where's the mamma?" needs your cash to become a reality:
the family matters movie can happen, but it needs your help! donate today and say "did i do that?!" when it comes out:
links! breakdancing nick offerman, @marcmaron's new show and more:
here's what "game of thrones" would look like on facebook:
thank you zombie jesus for this delicious bounty of chocolate eggs and marshmallows covered in neon sugar. #easter
spectacular ad for @conanobrien's live show in atlanta:
bottle service is weak. real ballers get frozen thin mints and vhs copies of "jurassic park" delivered to the table.
#ff @annakendrick47 huge overseas. less than tall in person.
#ff @imchriskelly magician to the stars.
.@jeremypiven's niece makes fun of his beard, his new show and his attempt to play anyone other than ari gold:
#ff @jimcarrey you can have his twitter account when you pry it from his cold dead hand.
do you like stuff from the 90's?!? then you're going to love this video:
some highlights from the easter egg contest happening now at the office.
the 11 funniest signs opposing doma and prop 8:
just heard someone say, "you only die once. yodo." remarkably, at 11:45pm with 15 min to go, that's the smartest thing heard today.
7 unfortunate effects of heterosexual marriage on children:
quite possibly the greatest first tweet of all time. rt @philjackson11: 11 champ;ipnsikp[ ringhs
in 1996 everyone used aol, macarena was #1 and doma was enacted. we all handled the first 2, supreme court it's your turn to do some lifting.
here's what happens when an internet troll meets a genie:
game of thrones has a new spin-off! it ain't easy being a single mother of dragons and this reality show proves it:
do any of you guys have fod tattoos? tweet pictures of them @ us, we want to reward you for your questionable decision.
a drunk girl and a high guy review their respective experiences with the endeavor space shuttle:
two simple steps to improve life on earth: 1) marriage equality for all. 2) new starfox game.
a night is forever changed after four boys see spring breakers:
.@killhodgy and @realleftbrain from @wtfismellowhype visit @gorburger to count joints, talk cooking and perform live:
in the fast food edition of "fuck, marry, kill" how do you pick between the burger king, ronald mcdonald and wendy?
modern existential crisis: if nobody tries to contact you for 10 minutes, do you still exist?
11 more of the greatest yearbook moments of all time:
.@jimcarrey debuts his new song "cold dead hand" on hee haw. it's sure to be number 1 with a bullet:
come see @robdelaney @matt_dwyer @braunger @mrhoratiosanz +more live on march 29th in la and help out a great cause:
nobody has ever complained about hearing too many outkast songs at a party.
#ff @nickcorirossi he's probably the reason ryan gosling is taking a break from acting.
friday productivity tip: have a lot of unread emails in your inbox? say, "fuck that noise," and watch full eps of "small wonder" on youtube.
dog photobombs every picture in a craigslist apartment ad:
weve turned your favorite fod videos and tweets into stylish shirts you can buy for 40% off today only! go get 'em:
.@azizansari and @joemande sit down for the 8th anniversary of "hitch" to talk about one of the greatest movies ever:
the conversation between amc's hr dept and jon hamm regarding his massive penis:
a prequel to "flight" where denzel is just flying around the world doing coke, having sex with a hot stewardess and loving life.
strange phenomena sweep the nation as people go to any length to pick the perfect basketball tournament bracket:
7 major gripes with the batman franchise:
call the brand new fod hotline! dial 1-855-mr-funny and leave a message after the beep. we promise to listen to every single one.
prince recaps his performance at sxsw, unanimously declared the sexiest performance texas has ever seen:
kevin brings in a special guest to picking winners to guarantee he wins his bracket:
you know your acting career isn't going well when you've got more mugshot photos than imdb credits.
we created a fod hotline for you to call us and leave a message! @cedricyarbrough is here to sing all the info:
thought you only report fake news? rt @theonion: macaulay culkin hoping @funnyordie writers come up w/ video for him
a handy timeline for the upcoming seasons of mad men:
13 people and things that are not good at what they do:
ryan gosling invites you to come on down and check out his acting range:
birthday parties might actually be worse. rt @ryanhemsworth: the more friends you make the more funerals you'll have to eventually attend.
joey fatone reviews justin timberlake's new "the 20/20 experience" album:
10 buttons people hit a lot thinking it makes the thing work faster or better:
we made a movie! "isteve" stars @justinlong and will be the first steve jobs biopic on april 15th. read all about it:
links! jt and fallon's history of rap, you are not the father and more:
your favorite funny people donned some seriously sexy styles for the occasionals spring fashion preview:
and thanks to these folks for their hospitality: @sxsw @mobilefomo @hypem @uber_atx @boilerroomtv @oldmilwaukee @yellowcab370 @atrak  @vevo
this pretty much sums up the final night of #sxsw.
overheard at #sxsw: "if i get to see third eye blind and chief keef tonight, this will be the greatest fucking day of my life."
drunk history's last stop on the road is san francisco! come by @hobsonschoicesf tonight (sat) 8:30pm to hang out and have a few drinks!
#ff thanks @kittentheband and @jeromelol for playing our #sxsw party! if you die without hearing these people play music, you messed up.
12 honest st. patrick's day buttons:
10 years ago, a guy named chad made a love song for jennifer love hewitt (@thereal_jlh). here's the new music video:
lassie, the most trusted dog in the world, reports unthinkable acts committed by the heroes of a local sports team:
.@gorburger introducing @theflaminglips!
overheard someone say, "oreos are the grilled cheese of desserts." mind fucking blown. #sxsw
housesitting for a friend? might as well redecorate with some pictures of samuel l. jackson:
10 signs you're in the doghouse:
meth match is the #1 dating site for meth addicts! put down the pipe and find that special someone:
some people are content to go through life always acting like they just smelled a fart.
want to visit our office and spend a day behind the scenes with us? bid on this charity auction to win:
follow us on pinterest! it's a place full of kittens, puppies and other wonderful things:
you've heard about the new pope. here's a handy guide to the colored smoke:
hey, austin! come see drunk history today at the next stage at 3pm. easily the coolest thing you could do with your afternoon. #sxsw
the third episode of guy talk is here and all of the guys are back to talk about guy stuff:
the wonderful folks at @mobilefomo gave us a free house for music week! we were greeted with two full kegs and a karaoke machine. #sxsw
strapping a gopro to your head and expecting to get something watchable is the most delusional act of the 21st century. #sxsw
see a civil war reenactment get disrupted when larpers take the field for #gearsjudgment (rated m for mature):
.@richardmarx puts a twist on some of his biggest hits w/ his new album richard marx's soundtrack for self-pleasure:
thanks @uber_atx for sending a tesla to get us home. thanks driver for asking twice if we wanted to go to
this kind of shit only flies 3 times a year: e3, comic-con and #sxsw
drunk history is in san antonio, tx! come by @esquiretavern tomorrow (tuesday) at 5:30pm to hang out and have a few drinks!
this is a robot 3d printing a tiny pirate ship. the future is now! #sxsw
.@flea333 stops by @gorburger to talk about sock photos, matters of the heart and more:
toby sits down with an old friend (lizzie caplan) and finds out what exactly constitutes a date:
the vibe in our living room this morning can best be described as 8 grown men having a slumber party. #sxsw
if you can't stand the gay, get out of the gay kitchen.
the abundance of facial hair and free promotional sunglasses feels familiar and overwhelming at the same time. another year in the shit. #sxsw
greetings from austin, tx! it's that time of the year again. prepare for a week of tweets about nerds, bbq, beer and music. #sxsw
links! robot overlords, seinfeld vs. louie smackdown and more:
ll cool j solves crimes every tuesday on cbs. how is that not weirder to all of us?
korean abdul jabbar
#ff must see #sxsw edition @theflaminglips @alt_j @disclosure_uk @kendricklamar @ciaotiga @earlxsweat @ryanhemsworth @awonderdj @braidsmusic
when he's not performing magic at bally's in las vegas, anton marvelton likes to make the world a better place:
bill cosby bukowski (@jondaly) delivers a keynote on the jphone lime to potential investors:
#ff @gibbstack and @scharpling everybody they know is more relevant than everybody you know.
kumail nanjiani (@kumailn) has an action packed new series of videos about gears of war: #judgment. here's a preview:
north korea threatens preemptive nuclear attack. dennis rodman really taught them how to step up their shit talking game.
dog the bounty hunter whisperer:
rain on your wedding day is only ironic if your name is jeff sunnywedding. (via @thesulk)
conan shuts down a "harlem shake" video shoot:
.@azizansari and @joemande discuss the importance of the cinematic classic hitch:
can you tell the difference between a reality star and a space craft? it's harder than you think:
maybe "terminator" is actually the story of the most elaborate lie a guy in la every told to get a woman to sleep with him.
every 'cosmo' cover you've ever seen:
.@billyeichner asks @hankazaria whether a fact is about @charlizeafrica, @tyrese or @denise_richards:
@krupsusa yes please! we promise not to destroy it with a baseball bat. dm sent!
we gave our terrible coffee machine an office space funeral.
going vegan to get skinny is like having kids to get tax breaks.
miranda huntington (brooke shields) needs a new lease on life and she's going to follow her dreams until she finds it:
in the post-apocalyptic world of the near future, zone is humanity's only hope in the fight against cyborgs:
british cowboy reggie braithwaite voices his concerns over the european horse meat scandal:
hey, chicago! come to mullen's tomorrow (tues) at 8:30pm to hang with the drunk history crew and get your drink on:
we're shooting today w/ @jimcarrey! actually, he's doing most of the shooting:
the 13 greatest responses to flyers (by other flyers):
dante basco, the actor who played rufio in hook, has a tough time at a new audition:
.@anthonyjeselnik answers five burning questions in the new issue of the occasional!
hey, detroit! hang out w/ drunk history at ye olde tap room tonight at 10pm! the best thing to happen since robocop:
"you need to shut your mouth when you talk to me if you've never seen blank check," is an appropriate way to end a conversation.
#ff @richeisen undefeated super bowl champion.
here's a picture of nicolas cage's face hand painted on a denim jacket. you're welcome:
billy eichner sees if his new friend jordan can tell if a name belongs to a space craft or a reality tv star:
things don't always go the way you planned. case in point, this guy's ski jump attempt:
#ff @iamcolinquinn makes impeccable choices when it comes to ordering takeout.
drunk history is in washington dc! come by smith commons on h st. tomorrow (friday) at 8pm to hang out, have drinks and maybe learn something!
our espresso machine always breaks, so we're destroying it w/ baseball bats like office space. seriously. anyone want to send us a new one?
next time someone cuts you off in traffic, roll down the window and yell, "jamba juice!!!" guaranteed to disrupt their day more than a finger.
the pope's to-do list on his last day of work:
finally! the white house explains what the sequester is to everyone who doesn't understand it:
completely disgusted that a beauty pageant contestant has a sex tape. "disgusted" is the one where you feel like it's your birthday, right?
tyler, the creator (@fucktyler) executes a perfect photobomb on donald trump:
people might not remember the things you say, or what you do, but they will never forget that weird haircut you got one time.
blu-nies are the new vapor alternative to brownies. check out noah wyle's ad for them:
serious question: when you feel your phone buzz, but it didn't actually buzz-- what the fuck. is that ghosts?!!?!
"that's a handsome haircut," is apparently not polite conversation for the checkout lady at walgreens.
drunk history is on the road! first stop: atlanta. come by the highlander tomorrow (wed) at 7pm to hang out and have a few drinks!
our writers meeting turned into a game of telephone.
ikea's instructions for making meatballs:
.@billyeichner and @pink play billy's new favorite game: "pink, meryl streep, or who cares?" while 20 feet in the air:
mantra for personal betterment and inner peace: talk less. listen more. eat pizza.
drive would've been a very different movie if owen wilson was the star:
if you only read one oscars recap today, it might as well be this one:
we'd like to apologize for the tweet from 8 months ago when we called 'jurassic park 3' pretty good.
megan mullally and nick offerman perform a lively cover of "smell yo dick" for an eager crowd:
just once, it would be fun to hear someone get up there and say, "i sucked the devil's dick to get this gold man and i regret nothing." #oscars
if your acceptance speech includes "uhhmmm" more than three times, they're playing the jaws theme. #oscars
rt if you're having an anxiety attack right now. #oscars #goldfinger
danny mcbride is on the cover of the occasional! it features @azizansari, @nickkroll and more!
and the academy award for best hand job goes to...
feel good tweet of the year. rt @kylekinane: you can use a children's casket to bury your dog or vice versa.
just did a triple take on someone drinking a smirnoff ice unironically.
#ff @s_morris12 doesn't hesitate to watch batman returns when it's on tv. even with commercials.
dogs smelling each other's butts is like their version of networking, just not as gross.
.@pink hangs out with @billyeichner on tonight's new episode of billy on the street at 10/9c on fuse!
#ff @boring_as_heck and @bad_acid_ ready to start the revolution if you are.
6 reasons you shouldn't buy a ps4:
in case you missed it, leonard cooper gave the greatest final 'jeopardy!' answer of all time:
you know, it's easy to make fun of someone just because they're different. it's fun too. (via @mikeleffingwell)
danny mcbride graces the cover of the stylish new issue of the occasional! get it today for ipad and iphone:
jumping over a chain isn't always as easy as it looks. this guy learns that the hard way:
the 11 best ways to wear a horse mask:
zed and his roommate @zackpearlman are both late for work and they both have to shower. what will they do?!?
10 awesome pictures of comedians:
the last harlem shake video you'll ever need to watch:
can't decide if taco flavored toothpaste would be the best thing ever or the invention that finally destroys us all.
college student becomes worried when he starts getting snapchats from jesus:
the xx is great music to listen to if you enjoy taking ambien and staring at one lit candle in a dark room.
our twitter account was hacked by someone posting unfunny jokes and videos. it happened 4 years ago. we apologize for everything since then.
he's only 2 feet tall and about 5 pounds, but yoda's dream is to play notre dame football:
6 things from movies and tv that make no sense:
hollywood actor @davidspade is a qualified celebrity spokesperson. don't believe it? let him convince you:
a rogue cop (@vernetroyer) and his partner serve and interject, one story at a time:
links! louis ck's photo policy, drunk parks and rec and more:
people only blame bad stuff on the moon. nobody has ever said, "wow! i found 10 bucks on the ground! must be something weird with the moon."
#ff @msjunediane and @burninglovejul if you're not watching burning love, you're either fucking up or blind. possibly both.
#ff the team that made the latest between 2 ferns videos. follow them and say thanks: @scottaukerman @bj_porter @brianlaaane @galifianakisz
.@billyeichner and @debramessing play billy's new favorite game. new billy on the street tonight at 10/9c on fuse!
10 people who should be immediately un-friended on facebook:
#ff @thebrianhuskey and @padmalakshmi they could sell ketchup popsicles to a woman in white gloves.
friends don't let friends text their ex after midnight.
one of our writers made some ads for vine.
a guy races against the clock to find a date for his ex-girlfriend's big party:
valentine's day fun fact: everybody dies alone, but at least there's usually something good on tv until then.
john goodman tells a tragic tale of a first love gone horribly wrong. happy valentine's day!
we turned our best tweets into shirts! buy one to let the world know you agree that "the usa is just canada's mexico"
last night, will ferrell went to the lakers game as an usher named ted vagina and ejected @shaq. here's the video:
follow us on pinterest! it's your daily dose of baby panda photos and other cute junk:
top chef's @padmalakshmi heats up valentine's day with her sexy new clothing line:
ash wednesday? more like- no, wait. never mind. it's actually just called ash wednesday and there's no fun play on words. bummer.
obama promises to improve the voting experience. "from now on, we will vote on sunday. and do it on water slides. free. pizza." #sotu
10 valentine's day cards chris brown is giving to rihanna:
lapd confirms that suspect in the big bear cabin probably isn't two elderly asian women.
leaked: obama solicits email advice before state of the union address:
zach galifianakis talks to bradley cooper, sally field and more in part two of the between two ferns oscar buzz edition:
the great thing about losing touch with reality is how much ping pong you will play in a bathrobe. (via @eddiepepitone)
.@billyeichner and @iamrashidajones play "whistle-blow that jew!" in a clip from the latest billy on the street:
free idea for the best tv show of all time: shark tank, but for picking the next pope. call it pope tank.
5 more shocking nude portraits by george w. bush:
update from grammys after party: they're playing depeche mode and serving cheeseburgers. say what you will, these snakes and cowards can party.
the walking dead or the grammys. do you watch the bloodthirsty monsters ready to eat each other to survive or do you go with walking dead?
links! triumph crashes a dog wedding, community returns and more: 
#ff @kumailn making quality observations about far cry 3.
#ff @brobible sacred words all bros should live by.
5 gifs of obama shooting things:
#ff @matchboxtwenty and @thisisrobthomas check them out in the tv adaptation of smooth! here's a preview:
5 reasons not to be excited about the grammys:
#ff @michaelcmaronna and @dtamberelli the tweets of pete and pete
if dolphins are so smart, how come only 4 of them have ever been a contestant on jeopardy?
if you find yourself washing just one hand, odds are you just did something gross. (via @sethrogen)
helpful graph explains how no more mail on saturday affects you:
17 more ridiculous (and context-free) tv screenshots:
effective way to get someone to stop talking to you: close your eyes. hum the charles in charge theme song. walk backwards slowly.
there's a cat on a leash being walked around our office. that's a first.
20 signs you should stop going to your office happy hour:
dave franco and la clippers center @deandrejordan play a friendly game of h-o-r-s-e that quickly spirals out of control:
snapchat employee discovers naked pictures of his girlfriend that weren't sent to him:
we're shooting a video today w/ @padmalakshmi and @thebrianhuskey! it might scar you for life:
a purple pt cruiser with chrome rims. three bad decisions that, when combined, invalidate your opinion on everything forever.
this completely insane cover letter is better than yours:
happy national pancake day! america might not have health care or gun laws figured out, but we have delicious fake holidays on lock.
highlights from the puppy bowl's post-game press conference:
it must be nice for king richard iii's family to finally get some closure. (via @dfarecords)
super bowl recap! beyonce, blackouts, and oh yeah, there was a game:
the cast of pete and pete reunited for their 20th anniversary! here's the glorious video:
will ferrell made a sexy #superbowl ad for old milwaukee that only aired in a few
small towns:
first major win of obama's second term: the #superbowl halftime show is awesome again.
links! biggest nerds in pop culture, the 30 rock finale and more:
want to carry @billyeichner around in your pocket? these free billy on the street ringtones are the next best thing:
ever wonder how to make a handkerchief disappear? the masked magician will show you how! (nsfw)
#ff @jarellperry he works at funny or die and also makes wonderful music. follow him immediately.
.@billyeichner and @zacharyquinto play "it's spock! do you care?" new billy on the street tonight at 10/9c on fuse!
super bowl faqs: everything you need to know
super bowl faqs: everything you need to know
#ff @lianamaeby writes stuff that will make you laugh.
the grass is always more sexually available on the other side.
honest billboard for "do no harm"
tune in to conan tonight at 11/10c for a very special episode made entirely by fans. here's a taste:
a cashier at a frozen yogurt place (@shelbyfero) deals with an armed robbery on her shift:
45 of the best '30 rock' quotes:
just heard 1/2 the puppies in the puppy bowl tested positive for steroids. #darkday #fallenidols (via @paulscheer)
hey, san francisco! @billyeichner is doing a show on sat w/ @julieklausner, @jondaly, @gabeliedman +more! get tix now:
two cops interrogate a drug dealer using the old "good cop/good cop" routine:
chris brown's list of people to beat up:
the guys in the cool boyfriends club might be the best boyfriends ever:
tatyana ali (@officialtatyana) serenaded us today with a beautiful rendition of "make up your mind"
this is how you prepare your dad in case you get kidnapped while traveling overseas:
the real reason chris brown and frank ocean got into a fight? parking signs in la are really confusing:
.@macklemore and @ryanlewis sit down with a hotshot record exec (@paulscheer) to talk about getting signed:
if a teenager skateboards, and his friend doesn't film it, did he actually skateboard at all? (via @burkosays)
innocent until proven guilty, unless chris brown was involved in which case come on that seems pretty open and shut.
dick tracy dresses like a pimp named big bird.
today's the last day to get a "sb xlvii: full house vs. the wire" shirt shipped before the super bowl! go get it, dude:
the 15 funniest crimes ever committed in florida:
play an interactive game of quizzed in the face w/ @billyeichner! it's the most fun you'll have all day:
links! the best dave chappelle sketches, the puppy bowl and more:
we're filming a "pete and pete" reunion in san francisco! here's the cast w/ director @ferniecommaalex:
we printed a limited run of "sb xlvii: full house vs. the wire" shirts for next week's big game! catch the action:
2013 is almost 1/12 over. bet you feel pretty silly for thinking fractions would never matter in adult life.
do you like robots, violence and @andrewwk? then you're going to love this video:
realistic coachella 2013 poster:
mr. @billyeichner plays a lightning round in this clip from tonight's new billy on the street. watch it @ 10/9c on fuse
#ff @eugcordero invented pants but doesn't feel the need to bring it up in every conversation.
homemade mechanical bull turns out to not be a good idea after all:
inspired by michelle obama, it looks like everybody in the world is now getting bangs:
a few gifs of what obama turned around to look at after the inauguration: 
meet the man (@mrhoratiosanz) who is the new tour de france champion since lance armstrong was stripped of his medals:
rain = free car wash
we got the audio from beyonce's mic at the inauguration. here's what she really sounded like:
we're turning our most popular tweets into shirts! check out this one that reveals the third rule of fight club:
everybody lip-syncs to beyonce, but only beyonce is good enough to do it for the president.
ms. @jillianrosereed (mtv's "awkward") embarks on a mystical journey. this video might blow your mind:
this cat finds out the hard way that you can't jump through a mirror:
these photobombs were the best part of the inauguration:
roe v. wade turns 40 today. you'd think the anti-abortion crowd would consider that too old to throw out.
a 12-year-old's guide to understanding women:
marcy (@juliettelewis) just doesn't know when to stop wishing people a happy new year:
watch @therealdratch run the world's first julia roberts obstacle course in this new clip from billy on the street!
super bowl xlvii: full house vs. the wire
manti te'o's "catfish" trailer has arrived:
tig notaro answers 5 burning questions in the latest issue of the occasional! download it today for ipad and iphone:
enjoying everyone's tweets from #sundance. it sounds like comic-con, but for nerds.
in a dramatic turn of events, kim and kanye's unborn baby has escaped in a stolen car and is making a run for it:
watch @billyeichner play his latest favorite game. new billy on the street w/ @therealdratch tonight at 10/9c on fuse!
manti te'o's new eharmony ad is almost too good to be true:
watch these bloopers from @juddapatow's "this is 40" because it's friday and you deserve to not be doing any work:
#ff @samgrittner rick rubin's hairstylist.
well played, @deadspin. this is how you respond to a compliment from donald trump:
we shot a video today w/ @paulscheer, @macklemore and @ryanlewis! coming soon to a computer near you.
stay for the credits after zero dark thirty. there's a fake trailer for "weekend at bernie's 3" starring bin laden's corpse.
thanks for sending us this pile of candy, @redvines! breakfast of champions.
this new nra ad calls obama an elitist hypocrite for having the secret service protect his daughters w/ guns:
manti te'o will meet even faker girls once he's an nfl millionaire. (via @schindizzle)
"kroll show" premieres on comedy central tonight at 10:30pm. watch it to support @nickkroll's drug habit and the jewish control of the media.
a statement from manti te'o addressing the news of his fake girlfriend:
16 more signs improved by hilarious graffiti:
obama unveils plan to cut gun violence and keep kids safe. nra counters w/ plan to talk shit like a drunk vagrant wandering an abandoned zoo.
a vacation to the beautiful whispering pines campground reveals a sinister secret:
the delightful @juliettelewis visited the office to make a luau lunch for us! it was delicious.
got an onion ring in an order of french fries. thanks, obama?
20 other shocking revelations lance armstrong made to oprah:
if you like shows about rich, 20-something girls in ny, you're going to love this new show about those girls in la:
everything you need to know about the flu:
lance armstrong sends a powerful message to the kids of america: don't do drugs and cheat unless you want to be rich and go on oprah.
jodie foster should start a podcast.
al roker stopped by the office over the weekend to meet the whole team!
@mageeerin1 send us a dm with your mailing info so we can send you your prize. thanks!
the best pics and gifs from the golden globes:
thanks for all the rts! @mageeerin1 won the giant tweet signed by will ferrell! come back soon for more free stuff.
links! will ferrell and ryan gosling sell knives, conan talks to jack white and more:
jon glaser (delocated) takes you on a tour of the different seasons in ny in this back issue of the occasional:
if tom hanks starred in all the oscar nominated films:
having cats is like having ghosts that you have to feed. (via @bazecraze)
this is why @sethmacfarlane shouldn't check twitter while he hosts the oscars:
someone who rts wins this giant fod tweet signed by will ferrell! happy 5 million twitter followers!
#ff rt @terribletown: when i said all you need is love, i forgot about toilet paper. - john lennon
how do you improve a classic painting? by adding bill murray, of course:
#ff @almadrigal funny on the daily.
robby uses craigslist to throw himself a very interesting party:
tarantino should threaten to only speak in an australian accent forever if django loses any category. guaranteed landslide victory.
28 easy ways to instantly feel better about your life:
jamie kennedy's new year's eve broadcast on kdoc is the biggest fail of 2013 so far:
if you only watch one comedian-filled webseries about an apartment complex this year, make it this one:
this cat used to have the best name ever:
sweatpants in public are the best way to let the world know you don't give a shit today.
we reached 5 million followers on twitter! will ferrell made this video to congratulate us:
takeo ischi is probably the best chicken yodeler you've ever heard:
the multi-talented @maudeapatow does a few kardashian impressions in this deleted scene from "this is 40"
this couple's ocd has gotten a little bit out of hand:
when life gives you lemonade, add vodka.
7 reasons why rick moranis needs to make a comeback:
mr. singh is stopped by @billyeichner to play a game of quizzed in the face. he might be our favorite contestant ever:
the truth behind the 12 craziest rock myths and legends:
.@courteneycox and the cast of @cougartowntbs are having a lot of fun on set. also a lot of wine:
forever glue is the only super glue on the market that promises to never, ever break its hold:
america! all new episode of billy on the street in 10 min on @fusetv! watch it or risk being culturally irrelevant
#ff @nickkroll bottle service enthusiast.
.@billyeichner plays a quick round of amateur speed sketching. new ep of billy on the street tonight at 10/9c on fuse!
13 movies you should look forward to in 2013:
#ff @michaelianblack words you should be reading.
do you like @fred_willard, lizzy caplan and @eugenemirman? then you should watch this video immediately:
this is just a good video of jay-z's sister videobombing the news:
bobby bottleservice (@nickkroll) interviews a prospective singer (@chelseavperetti) to add to his musical empire:
15 vanity plates that should not exist (but we're glad do):
there will be days when you accomplish great things, and then there will be days when you eat french fries for breakfast.
les biz - "look down" (an epic hollywood parody)
cat interrupts the local spanish weather report on live tv:
will ferrell plays a game of "would drew barrymore like that?" w/ @billyeichner in this clip from billy on the street:
now that we avoided the fiscal cliff, let's tackle the big issue: we still have to wait 6 months for new breaking bad.
10 celebrity new year's resolutions for 2013:
happy new year! if you're drinking don't drive, and if you're driving drop your windows and blast prince. your passengers want to dance.
thank you, kim and kanye, for giving everyone something to talk about tomorrow during awkward gaps in party conversation.
#ff @therealstanlee happy 90th birthday, stan lee!
big shout out to all the pot dealers willing to accept the sears gift card your grandma got you for christmas.
merry christmas! it really is the best: presents, family, food and realizing you don't have to deal w/ any more holiday bullshit for a year.
hey, football fans! @lenovo is giving away an unreal prize pack that includes a free trip to super bowl xlviii
a fantasy football coach flies out to protect chicago bears rb @mattforte22 before a big game:
some guys need chain wallets because theyre so badass their wallet is afraid of them and will try to run away. (via @robdelaney)
those commercials for ciroc where @iamdiddy parties with @aaronpaul_8 feel like a weird fever dream.
east coast! will ferrell guest stars on a new billy on the street in 10 min on @fusetv! watch it or risk cultural irrelevance!
new world news brings you the latest news, weather and events for the post-apocalyptic united states:
charles barkley reunites the dream team for christmas in this video from the latest issue of the occasional:
two co-workers compete to throw the biggest party of all time to celebrate the end of the world:
kate makes kevin wait to open his christmas present, but kevin has a hard time not peeking:
are you a fan of the hebrew hammer? then help fund the sequel: the hebrew hammer vs. hitler
are you a fan of the hebrew hammer? then help fund the sequel: the hebrew hammer vs. hitler
worried about the world ending tomorrow? @ghostpanther explains how to prepare for the mayan apocalypse:
michael bolton hides out in a cabin with some folk singers after his fast-lane lifestyle catches up with him:
it's the @gorburger christmas show! @andrewwk stops by to chat and there's a very festive performance from @intanetz:
18 images that defined 2012:
we got a ton of fod sweatbands to give away in 2013! someone who rts this wins one!
washington redskins qb @rgiii gets some unsolicited coaching from a fan who has him on his fantasy team:
follow us on pinterest! it's a land of puppies, koalas and other heartwarming visual stimuli:
what you might wish for if santa claus was one of these celebrities:
marnie tethers (@brittanysnow) might be the most annoying christmas caroler of all time:
thanks for all the rts! @rastro88 is the winner of today's @beatsbydre headphones. come back soon for more free stuff!
billy on the street ad in times square! watch a new ep fri @ 10/9c on fuse w/ special guest will ferrell!
this commercial director has a hard time with his cast:
maybe don't put any of your eggs in a basket because what kind of sociopath goes around putting eggs in baskets?
this is just a great video of two baby monkeys hugging each other:
going to a kenny g concert must feel like being on hold for two hours. (via @schindizzle)
the folks at @buzzfeed picked our west wing video as one of the best reunions of 2012!
links! awesome holiday sweaters, conan's favorite sketch and more:
the 16 funniest memes of 2012:
triumph the insult comic dog visits the set of "this is 40"
bohemian rhapsody makes a surprise appearance on the local weather report:
here's what happened behind the scenes when the pope sent his first tweet:
a girl breaks up with her iphone 3gs over text messages:
this is pretty cool. @teamcoco is re-creating a full episode of conan from fan submitted clips:
google maps is back on the iphone!!! do you know what that means?!? it means we're all still struggling to find some meaning in this life.
the best news bloopers of 2012:
holy shit! one of the cameramen got a #gorburger tattoo on his leg!
josh homme and jesse hughes from eagles of death metal hanging out with jack black and @gorburger:
do you like spoofs? do you also like goofs? and dares?!? then you're gonna love this playlist of spoofs, goofs and dares:
things don't go so well when @catpower sings songs to a classroom full of children:
thanks for all the rts! @kkarbasian won yesterday's talking ted bear. come back soon for more free stuff!
remember when rap lyrics actually had a message? like how you could get with this or you could get with that?
check out elena, one of the funniest #billyonthestreet contestants ever, get quizzed in the face by @billyeichner:
the 11 funniest autocorrrect texts of 2012:
charles barkley is on the new cover of the occasional! download our interactive magazine for ipad and iphone today:
this is just a good video of a cat fighting its reflection in a mirror:
it's humbling to know a monkey wearing a coat in ikea has touched the world more than you ever will.
shocking footage from a @krishumphries home video has leaked online:
straight girls respond to lesbians who responded to straight guys who responded to gay guys will marry your girlfriend:
fiscal cliff would be a pretty good name for a german death metal band.
check out the new red band trailer for @juddapatow's "this is 40"
the ikea monkey may be the best news story of 2012:
links! bill murray gets tasered, the best of @juddapatow and more:
hey, dudes in their 40s still riding skateboards, congrats?! (via @nickkroll)
#ff @rachaellcook and @mpg etsy enthusiasts.
hey! you! yeah, you. the bored person. go watch this playlist of fod classics presented by coke zero:
hey guys-its @billyeichner. thanks for all the great questions! watch funny or die's #billyonthestreet tonight at 10/9c on @fusetv!!!
@hugeredskinsfan tom bergeron.
@gretchenraine are you referring to the leads on hot in cleveland?
@juliekruse_ 7.
@henleychase watch the movie the help - its all in there.
@dallas0982 fuck yeah!
@jamesdseals yeah, thats all kinds of cool. i also love duck dynasty.
@clemencydoyle it is me. i host a game show on fuse tv called billy on the street. go to
@dallas0982 gabourey.
@amandacasey1998 hopefully next year! jan or feb..
@strictlydicktly neither. just a napkin.
@plumcrazyyy yes. i was talking about biggie a lot and i was wearing white.
@jamesdseals yes. i am made of goobers and my dick is a starburst.
@thetonyharris you mean rupert everett from my best friend's wedding?
@kellermarilyn no, its a hotel. i'm having a sex party here!
@jamesdseals i am a large felt puppet and i'm vegan.
@jgardea87 cloud atlas.
@gmccarthywriter fuck eggs.
@khguthrie i do. its a lot of responsibility but i can handle it and its worth it cause i love this town.
@tweetgrubes i do. i like eating glass and paint.
@tweetgrubes i expect a lot of golden globe nominations for les miserables.
@hugeredskinsfan nancy reagan.
@sportsgeyser no comment.
@bbrrrrr22 i would love to date an extremely short version of myself. really small. the smaller the better.
@dwings85 the bed is perfectly made you sick fuck!
@leanegerber teeth.
@jp91091 yes would love it! i do a guest voice on bob's burgers this season!
@henleychase yes! i am a shortstop.
@codyblurr repeat i guess.
@panther6prime78 i would like to, yes. looks great.
@chrisjdonoghue gyllenhaals.
@tweetgrubes patricia heaton.
@tbvickroy yes.
@petershutup i love pizza! some kinds of pizza are kosher i think. i'm not sure. ask a good jew like barbra streisand or henry winkler.
@ivanmedranoath vagina that looks like dick, please. thanks so much for this great question.
@juliecollins14 i am not, i am jimmy smits.
keep tweeting questions for billy eichner @funnyordie and read all of his answers here:
@mark_steinberg_ meryl fucking streep!
@mrjoshuacomic all day, every day!
billy eichner has taken over our twitter! tweet questions for him @funnyordie right now and he might just answer.
the best christmas family portrait of 2012:
#ff @billyeichner billy's taking over our twitter acct at 1pm pst to talk to you and answer your questions! so get ready for that.
this adorable cat is also a pretty sick dj:
7 signs of the apocalypse:
david copperfield sent us a box of fairytale brownies from his island in the bahamas.
mr. @billyeichner is answering your questions on reddit right now! ask him stuff, he'll probably respond:
kaiser permanente's ceo (@bobbalaban) starts doing santa fe thursdays at the office:
don't trust anybody who owns a working printer.
mr. @andy_richter teaches you all about impending financial doom with fiscal cliff 101:
million dollar idea: netflix instant, but for sandwiches
40 of the best 'walking dead' memes from season 3:
"hero" is a word used a lot these days, so let's not use it to describe this drunk lady photobombing a news reporter:
mr. @billyeichner and @bravoandy backstage at the #billyonthestreet season 2 premiere.
outside of the #billyonthestreet season 2 premiere party happening right now in nyc w/ @billyeichner!
every time somebody tweets "your an idiot" an irony angel gets its wings. (via @alyankovic)
etsy is run by a maniacal queen named ellie (@rachaellcook) and fbi agent michael peck (@mpg) is here to stop her:
new ad for trojan's fire and ice condoms lets you know how not weird or terrible their product is:
have you ever realized you're way too high to be at the supermarket only to realize you're actually at office depot?
conan's @deoncole demonstrates how the new ultimate tbs app for @windows will give you a serious comedy workout:
kate middleton is pregnant and the pope joined twitter. truly a huge day for shit that won't impact your life at all.
a glimpse into the most important business meeting of all time:
links! the new beverly hills cop, the best of richard pryor and more:
time for a serious tweet. please support @miketyson in his quest to help homeless kids. go to
#ff @matthewperry and @brettgelman one of them has been in over 30 funny or die videos. the other one is brett gelman.
8 minor characters the new 'boy meets world' needs to bring back:
#ff @jtramsey supremely funny in real life, online and probably as a ghost too one day.
in the thrilling conclusion to the series, captain planet (@iamdoncheadle) is croc peterson in a new action movie:
general petraeus' sex tape has leaked online. viewer discretion advised:
10 portraits ruined by the mirror:
it's safe to say this will be the last year the cast of dallas invites patrick duffy to join secret santa:
owen (@owenburke) and tj (a cell phone case salesman voiced by @ghostpanther) tackle current events in their new podcast:
this is a powerful video!! @matthewperry has a spiritual awakening and encourages people to not watch "go on"
has science explained how mario lopez looks younger now than he did on saved by the bell?
the facebook sales team deals with the legal copy writing everyone has been posting:
getting anyone to show up anywhere is as simple as offering free pizza.
captain planet (@iamdoncheadle) stops by the environmental protection organization and has a heart to heart with ma-ti:
this dog is not a fan of going for a walk at all:
the best gifs from captain planet 2:
will ferrell's old milwaukee super bowl ad is nominated for best commercial of 2012! vote for it here:
6 things chris brown has time for since he quit twitter:
if jimi hendrix was alive, he'd be 70 years old today. if the ocean was dry, it would be land. hypotheticals are a great use of your time.
taxi expert @nickthune gives valuable advice on catching a cab when you're in a jam:
one of our writers @ferniecommaalex wrote some spectacular "homeland" fan fiction:
complaining about facebook on facebook has got to be one of the dumbest ways to spend your time on the internet. that's saying a lot.
hey, planeteers! @iamdoncheadle returns as captain planet in a new series of videos! here's the latest one:
facebook hero manages to pull off the perfect prank:
mr. @ericandre offers free mammograms to women on the street:
links! bill hader talks stefon, conan and judd, and more:
#ff rt @brianlaaane: jumanji
icymi: @gma pumps up the volume as @onedirection hits central park
check out @peoplemag amazing 360-degree @vineapp videos from the #amas with this custom timeline
today we unveil a site featuring best practices, success stories and more to help you leverage the power of twitter:
on the mediablog: custom timelines in action. how to use them and best practices
@newsnigel hi there - can you check the link? we'd love to see it!
we are compiling a custom timeline of custom timelines! can you help us add to it?
rt @twittersports: how @usolympic celebrated #100days to sochi
picture this: more visual tweets
rt @twittertv: .@nashville_abc cast rents party bus for live-tweeting fest
rt @twittertv: 'medium' well done: @tlc uses twitter to drive premiere chatter:
icymi: @jenniferpreston explains how she verifies tweets when the news breaks
rt @gov: #bestpractice: drive conversation around issues by prominently displaying your hashtag. e.g. @worldbank
mt @gov: on the #twittermedia blog: how twitter remains essential during #governmentshutdown
rt @twittertv: fall premieres: live tweeting with #cbstweetweek
look what happened when we tested different types of live-tweeting with @mlb
rt @twittertv: fall premieres: how @sleepyhollowfox became @foxtv s social hit of the season
check out our data-led analysis of the #emmys action on twitter
rt @twittertv: see how the #emmys played out on twitter
great twitter live poll on @espn #cfblive
vine videos that grew on us - sept 13 - cc: @whitehouse, @theellenshow, @denverbroncos, @nickkristof, @ew, @unicef
rt @gov: how politicians turned to twitter to react to news about president obamas speech on syria.
excited to welcome @trendrr to the flock! will help us to build great tools for the rest of the tv ecosystem.
icymi: check out our data-led analysis of what worked at the #vmas
tweeting the #vmas: the techniques that worked
vine videos that grew on us - we've pulled together some great uses of vine from @mtv, @nba, @mashable and more
visualized: how videos go viral on twitter
behind the numbers: how to understand big moments on twitter
new on the twitter media blog: america's got talent (@nbcagt) viewers now voting via twitter 
new on the twitter media blog: vine videos that grew on us - july 26, 2013
new on the twitter media blog - visualized: the world of verified users
icymi: introducing our new blog highlighting great work on twitter by media partners, plus how-to's, data viz, more:
check out the new @twittermedia blog
thrilled to unveil our new blog highlighting great work on twitter by media partners, plus how-to's, data viz, more:
rt @twittersports: a king, a cup, and a legend 
rt @twittersports: since the #nbafinals began, @dgreen_14's followers have increased 70%. mvp material?
in game 6, @kingjames lost his headband. it was mentioned 788,077 times in 1 hr. will he wear it tonight? #nbafinals
follow @melbrooks. his first tweet today at 5e/2p will contain the livestream of qanda w/@carlreiner and @juddapatow. #comedyfest
the secretary of @statedept, hillary clinton, will be holding a global town hall in 15 mins and will answer questions via twitter. #askstate
announcing the nielsen twitter tv rating, a new way to measure engagement. read more here:
check out our new twitter photo filters!
we are thrilled to welcome @bcbengrossman to the twitter media team, leading our media marketing and operations!
an on-camera twitter sign-up: @tristanmacmanus joins twitter on the @rickilakeshow
all the best insider perspectives from the tampa #gop2012 convention in one place:
all the best insider perspectives from the tampa #gop2012 convention in one place:
there were over 150 million tweets sent about the #olympics. read our round-up of the games on twitter:
twitter and @univision are giving fans the vip treatment during tonight's #premiosjuventud! you won't want to miss it!
have you met our friend ted? welcome to twitter @joshradnor! cc: @jasonsegel @cobiesmulders @actuallynph @alydenisof @bobsaget #himym
news! @fredgraver joins @twittermedia to lead the tv team of @eyecaster @gracelee @kateb. also, best wikipedia ever:
the @billboard music awards are almost here! follow along tonight with our official live-tweting cast:
our #bbma live tweet cast includes @therealmikeepps, @juliannehough, @ninagarcia, @tracymcmillan, @askanyone and more!
#onlyontwitter this week is about photos and connections. and a new hashtag we learned about called #sip:
looking for a new guilty pleasure this summer? welcome @markfeuerstein
 of @royalpains_usa to twitter! season 4 premieres june 6th at 9/8c!
can't get enough #greysanatomy? follow along as @jessicacapshaw live-tweets tonight's episode from 9-10pm pst! #jessicacapshawlive
have you been 'sucked into' the vampire diaries? tweet your questions to @katgraham with #bingit today from 12-1p pst!
more and more tv and ad executives, as well as journalists, now refer to the "real time water cooler". a quick round up:
#onlyontwitter this week is all about photos: a space shuttle, sports stars past, and nascar stars at the white house
twitter welcomes @bettymwhite this week...and then she pranks her co-star. #onlyontwitter
#onlyontwitter this past week: saved by ryan gosling and an intimate chat with madonna
#onlyontwitter this week: tweets from the seafloor, tweets from the supreme court, and nascar tweets from the sky.
you get to choose: who is the funniest person on twitter?
every week from here on out, we'll share the best moments that happen #onlyontwitter. here are this week's selections:
take inspiration from your followers. see how fox is doing this for their show fringe:
how social media impacts the entertainment industry:
writer and producer @lenadunham of @girlshbo on how twitter has affected her creative process:
study suggests 17% of british tv viewers use social media to find new shows
welcoming the posterous team to the flock
here's a chart showing the number of tweets featuring the word "ipad" from yesterday's apple event
the road to super tuesday in tweets
call your hashtag out on air & see the results. #bestdressed got a 7x lift when called out twice on the oscars pre-show
"i'd like to thank my twitter followers" - the @wsj social media guide to the #oscars
oscar sunday! follow along with our list of live-tweeters
watching the sprite slam dunk contest this weekend? this year you can vote with your tweets!
&lt;shameless plug&gt; check out our fearless leader @chloes in this great vogue piece by @jacobwe
#how #to #best #use #hashtags (hint: not like this)
roar of the crowd: super bowl on twitter
it's oscar season! we made a list of nominees like @jonahhill & @helpmovie, many experts and @billycrystal. check it:
hot data! full dataset on @mittromney & @newtgingrich's #answer vs #dodge results from the #scdebate. graphs & summary:
live-tweeting tonight's #scdebate? tweet candidate name + #answer or #dodge to keep them on topic. cc: @anamariecox @antderosa @buzzfeedben
tonight's #scdebate: help @foxnews keep candidates on topic. tweet candidate name + #answer or #dodge. results on-air &
and finally, keep checking in on this special 2012 election list, well be updating it regularly.
if youre a reporter and want to be on the list, check out some of our best practices for twitter reporting
among tv reporters, weve been loving @bretbaiers tweeting behind the scenes of his big interviews.
wanted to highlight a few journos on the list: the folks at @buzzfeed are rocking it: @buzzfeedben, @zekejmiller, @_rosiegray and more.
weve created a special list for the 2012 election: candidates, pundits, and the best twittering political reporters.
humorist @borowitzreport presents @kimjongnumberun, a hilarious parody. the account has gained over 20,000 followers in less than a week.
take a look at the incredible work by @massrelevance, the company that helps put curated tweets on tv and the web:
why authors tweet:
happy holidays from twitter. enjoy our holiday staff picks, featuring @salvationarmy, @timessquareball & more:
comedian @billyeichner took over @funnyordie's account today. here are the laughs:
announcing photos on twitter, a new best practices guide to help you tweet with rich media.
we were riveted by @nickkristof as he live-tweeted a raid on a cambodian brothel. see a recap of his tweets here:
did you get to #askjt in 2011? see how @jtimberlake handled his twitter q&a:
we've been highlighting some of our favorite uses of twitter. check out the whole list & tell us about your favorite:
a great example of a parallel storyline came from @nbccommunity as they tweeted about #anniesmove during the show:
we gathered up some of our favorite experiences powered by tweets:
the @goldenglobes are coming. check out our list of nominees, experts, and more (we didn't forget you, @rickygervais) 
here's how it works: tweet candidate name + #answer or #dodge. see the live results here:
launching twitter's first election experiment w/ @foxnews tonight. weigh in: do the candidates #answer or #dodge the #iowadebate questions?
we hope the show @robdelaney gets picked up by @comedycentral. we can guarantee a few hundred viewers from twitter hq.
@dannyskarka thanks danny! + the man responsible @briggles
oh yeah, there's a new @tweetdeck as well:
there's also some newness coming to profiles. see it in action on the new web interface for @roomtoread, @twitter, @kiva & more. #letsfly
to get access to the new web interface, download the iphone or android application and log-in with your account.
you can also now embed tweets all over the web. more on this great new feature here:
we've been hard at work, creating a new kind of twitter! come explore, come discover at
thanksgiving is almost upon us! find chefs, last-minute-tips, football and more right here:
watch our fearless leader @chloes onstage now at the #socialtv summit:
hear ye! @massrelevance is our 1st syndication partner (more coming). tv nets & pubs can now monetize curated tweets!
looks like @stevemartintogo is publishing a book based on his tweets:
later today at 7:30pm est (4:30pm pst), @jtimberlake is hosting a q&a...hit him up with questions and tag it #intime
a tv milestone: you can now vote on @thexfactorusa using twitter! (next up: getting simon to tweet.) learn more:
joining twitter on live-tv, what a way to arrive on the social scene. see how @samuelljackson did it on late night:
@theromit they're on it! you gotta scroll down to see all the accounts. and they're not in any order.
the fall tv season is upon us! follow your favorite shows, actors and showrunners right here:
tweets help a team on @amazingrace_cbs. @philkeoghan said: "this #tweet magic could never have happened 10 years ago!"
wow, did you catch @kunalnayyar's live-tweets during the #bigbangtheory premiere? what a win for @cbs #tweetweek.
we're reading @danieltosh's live-tweets from last night's tosh.0 premiere and laughing out loud. check out his profile to see them.
make sure you're following @lisalampanelli tonight during the #sheenroast on comedy central. she'll be live-roasting via tweets.
done presenting, @msleamichele might start tweeting more. should've known @mindykaling would deliver. sofia backstage:
tv lovers! get backstage & front row at the #emmys by following the live tweets of glee's @msleamichele & good wife nominee @mrjoshcharles
the #emmys are coming this sunday! follow the nominees, shows, presenters and more right here:
we love how @jwfringe is building up the hype for fringe season 4 by answering fan tweets. he says he'll be back on tomorrow to answer more.
@thecloser_tnt @kyrasedgwick hey is there anyone at tnt we could talk to? we loved your live-tweeting yesterday! dm us an email address.
we hear they're pulling questions from tweets during q&a sessions at #tiff2011. see:
we saw 10 million @mtv #vma-related tweets on sunday during the east coast airing. that's more tweets than any award show to date!
there are some great real-time #vma chroniclers in the house tonight: @rickyrozay @druidedude @kenny_wormald and yes @vinnyguadagnino
awesome to see #whatwillgagawear go from on-air mention to trending topic back to a #vma payoff in like 15 minutes. feedback loop!
a hundred retweeters just got a moment of #vma fame on air! they're retweeting paparazzi photos from @mtv over here:
a hundred retweeters just got a moment of #vma fame on air! they're retweeting paparazzi photos from @mtv over here:
what gets a celeb ready for the mtv #vmas? spandex, tequila and live tweeting! rt @katyperry: too many dress options! #vmagirlproblems!!!
@brianstelter wait 'til you see the hot seat app, which is going to light up as #vma celebs tweet from their seats:
@jambajim @mylifeback we are watching you /cc @chloes
the vmas are coming together all around us. the set for the pre-show looks a bitalien:
arrived in la for #vma prep w/ @mtv & @stamen. everybody's talking about some hot new act named #irene
some twitter sites, including twitter media, are experiencing technical problems. we're on it and hope to resolve as quickly as possible.
fact: there are up to 2mm tweets/day about weather! twitter & @weatherchannel team up on twc social:
excited about the #haven storyline starting this fridaythe deepest integration of twitter into a scripted series yet:
wow. look at the numbers for @discovery's #sharkweek slate over at trendrr. that's incredible:
join @twittermedia's team! we're looking for someone to drive the next generation of entertainment content on twitter:
some best practices have nothing to do with your tweets. read our account security checklist:
2012 is shaping up to be a big year for media, and the olympics are a huge reason why. it's #1yeartogo until london:
sharp post by @mims on all the ways to follow the news from oslo in real time:
want to make a show more social? start with the script  online video news
here's some #socialtv for ya! @noelclarke tweets a video thank-you to viewers minutes before #adulthood airs on @bbc3tv:
want to help design & drive the next generation of twitter tv integrations? know someone who'd be perfect? we're hiring:
deep, detailed q&a w/ @nbcthevoice over at @lostremote. this is a twitter tv must-read:
the #askobama @townhall starts in mere minutes! don't forget, you can post questions live during the event, too:
the new social tv report from @emarketer is full of great twitter data. check out the survivor analysis in this post:
great to watch a massive broadcast show flex its muscles in pursuit of interactivity. reminder of #thevoice's playbook:
fun meeting with @primetimeemmys - thx for having us!!
thank you @hermida @digiphile @jessicareinis @mathildepiard! #tfn
calling reporters, editors, producers and correspondents! a new guide called twitter for newsrooms launches today:
less than 6 hours till @bet's "most social award show ever" and @kevinhart4real is already trending. here we go! learn more: l-r.tv/lmbwq6
love this. @propublica's new #muckreads project uses tweets to find & filter investigative journalism:
how do you use twitter in daily reporting?@nickkristof & @nytimes colleagues take time to discuss, share best practices
'the voice' becomes a hit with twitter's help:
both fox sports & fox broadcast used #barca vs. #manutd on-air during uefa championships to help drive us tweets.
we're thrilled to welcome @iaindodsworth & the @tweetdeck team to twitter. great news for journalists, media companies & other power users.
nice on-air hashtag during an indian premier league broadcast!
cool case study! read about how a spanish tv show used twitter to develop a plot, share clues real-time.
.@nbcthevoice's persistent on-air hashtag pays off: 3/4 of tweets include that hyperlinked bit of wom magic. ad age
want to know the peak tweets per minute about the #royalwedding? check our post about the top twitter tv integrations:
brilliant idea from @adage: ask newton minow, who famously called tv "a vast wasteland," what he thinks of it today:
jeff probst: community manager! don't miss the videoi love his openness & earnestness:
on-air hashtags get the @tvguide treatment, thanks to @franklinavenue:
our pals at @mtv have been nominated for the #webbyawards. it's their killer 2010 #vma visualization. vote for 'em:
breakthrough! @cspan has figured out a way to spice up the telecast of a senate quorum call:
loving the #comedyawards, & not just b/c of the hashtag in the corner of the screen. room full of comedians = no idea what's coming next.
love this primer on tv ratings from @syfy's craig engler. super clear & candid communication w/ fans of the network:
@lostremote love the tv account leaderboard! ideas: 1) more categories for showsnot just news; 2) throw some @klout score in there.
the top five things we noticed and loved about @oprah's live tweet-a-thons.
@francilien thanks for the heads-up!
attention to detail: a @60minutes trait. @ritagarg took it v. seriously, ensuring their lobby photo display is level: 
a trip to usa networks yesterday included a *lot* of bling: 
from cricket to charlie sheen to the ivory coast: the world in 18 tweets. h/t to clever curations via @storyful:
next week is tweet week on @cbs_television, with lots of live-tweeting from on-air talent:
here's @galleycat with a look at an e-book w/ built-in twitter searchan "instant book club inside of your book":
@markghuneim all hail the td!
to read during the @pierstonight breaks, here's @techsoc making the case for npr's @acarvin as a new kind of anchor:
also live-tweeting right now from @pierstonight's #onlyontwitter episode: @jack, @biz, @nickkristof okay, basically everybody.
will be super-interested to see abc's ratings this morning#gmabritney is trending, & functioning as a really effective tune-in message.
the bbc did some really nice work w/ the #bbcbudget hashtag this week. here's a recap, including its on-air appearance:
loved this deep, detailed post from @trushar on the bbc's newsy hashtag strategy this week:
@nickobyrne is it on screen persistently, i.e. a peer to the network bug? if so, i may be forced to concede
can you trump this? the single deepest integration of a hashtag on air, ever:
@gavinpurcell noted, recorded, thanks.
cool to see #trumproast trending worldwide! comedy central is showing the hashtag persistently on-air, & it's paying off. #bestpractice
this is provocative. @netflix just outbid hbo & others for an original series from david fincher & kevin spacey:
sounds like the #sxsw social tv panel was a blastboth times:
don't usually tweet marketing stuff from @twittermedia, but this project from @klm is a gemauthentic, spontaneous, fun:
what's the age of the average prime-time tv viewer? @wsj's @amychozick reveals and explains "the tv generation"
keep an eye on @ajestream, the new show in development at al jazeera:
@rozzy @eric_andersen our data show real-time connection from hashtags/handles on tv --&gt; twitter. see media.twitter.com last 4-6 posts.
get the insider experience of #americanidol thru the tweets of the 13 finalists via their official @twitter accounts:
the travel channel's @noreservations twitter integration is simple & powerful:
useful! @thefix did a twitter call-out for the best political accounts in all 50 states:
tune in now to catch tony bourdain's live tweeting (via @noreservations) of his show premiere: "actually nervous. tweet finger all sweaty."
during the #oscars last night, through @jamesfranco's lens, we glimpsed a new kind of 360-degree event:
love how @theacademy and tim gunn give @twitter so much love. tune in and hear tim read tweets about fashion, stars and what's hot. #oscars
prepare to be dazzled. while watching #oscars have @eonline's twitter page open for an awesome tv twitter experience
#oscars, #oscar, #oscar2011? hollywood insiders like @theacademy use #oscars. nearly one million tweets. add yours:
so @acarvin's been on a retweeting tear w/r/t egypt, libya, etc.but where are the tweets coming from? @rww maps 'em:
congrats to the @cnn team on its royal television society award for world cup twitter buzz!
excited for anthony bourdain's @noreservations live-tweeting on monday night! season premiere: haiti.
ever wonder why we do what we do here at @twittermedia? the new york times tells the tale of twitter & tv:
@benjaminlhp yes! love that.
great example here from the @redcross of tweetingand correcting errorsin a human voice:
apropos as i watch the feed from tahrir square on @ajenglishhere's how you curate a revolution in real-time:
solid @latimes piece on @abcfamily's pretty little liars & its social strategy:
congratulations @nickkristof on a million followers! thanks for using twitter to tell important stories from all corners of the world.
in case you missed it, here's yesterday's post about al jazeera, promoted tweets, and a new kind of tv distribution:
"when you use twitter for huge events like the super bowl, you're getting much better commentary than anything on tv."
@isaach @donkeyattack thanks for the @amazonmp3 tip, dudes!
no comcast? no time warner? no problem. how @ajenglish uses twitter as virtual tv distribution:
props to @usatoday for this comprehensive overview of all the social media super bowl ads this year:
interesting breakdown of tweets about egypt by @crimsonhexagon in the @huffingtonpost:
tweets have been all over tv coverage of egypt. here's a small sampling:
today, tv is becoming a "real-time, interactive, collective community." don't believe it? we've got the graph!
awesome behind-the-scenes look at @latenightjimmy's twitter fun, courtesy @hillholliday:
should be interesting to follow @angie_harmon tonightshe's the official social media host (!) of the 2011 #sagawards.
on his show last night, @piersmorgan enlisted @kimkardashian to help him rack up some new followers. did it work?
how twitter made us all tv addicts again:
re: the #sotu, @washingtonpost's hank stuever writes: "i watched my twitter feed as closely as i watched my tv."
lookin' smart & sticky @cspan! layering politicians' tweets on-air over the state of the union #sotu: 
@nyccyn love it!
here's a wonderful meditation on media, family and tv today, all through the lens of abc's modern family:
hey partners! remember those tweets you put on-air & the compelling twitter integrations on your site? get yer shorty!
great peek at @piersmorgan's crafty twitter strategy from the increasingly-indispensable lost remote:
great #redcarpet photos!!! rt: @goldenglobes: here we go! the #goldenglobes #redcarpet in now open! who will be best dressed?
love what @ajenglish is doing with tunisia coverage & context:
last week, we talked about the art of the hashtag. now, let's talk science, with #lessambitiousmovies as our specimen:
the @washingtonpost is live-tweeting from tucson. pretty amazing stream of dispatches & photos from @davidnakamura:
"a sensory apparatus that spans the planet and works in both directions." that's @revkin on twitter:
don't miss @darrenrovell's 13 rules for good tweeting. i like #9 b/c it bucks conventional wisdom:
good advice from @scottros here: "correct, dont delete, that erroneous tweet."
great stats on u.s. news consumption from @pewresearch. for the first time, internet &gt; tv for people under 30:
when it comes to engaging your users & viewers, all hashtags are not created equal. here's how to tell the difference:
the top-tweeted shows of 2010 via @adage: #1 is glee, #2 is american idol but i'll bet you can't guess #3
i love the tales of tv producer back-and-forth in this @tvguide piece, which is full of accounts worth following:
@andrew_isidoro got an answer: fast follow works in the uk, we just haven't publicized it. fast follow away!
oscars is getting interactive! rt @theacademy: official: james franco & anne hathaway to host #oscars - tweet them your advice! #oscarshosts
@andrew_isidoro we're asking our mobile product lead, @leland!
for those still in a tryptophan haze, the twitter nugget: rt @arusbridger: succinct summary of my 15 twitter things
to answer your questions preemptively: yes the blue chicks are real; yes this is the first time @hoff has ever smiled:
really enjoyed following the african media leaders forum in yaound vicariously through @jess. lots of #amlf tweetsthat's a good sign!
more on wapo's twitter election: "we don't expect people to come to us all the time. we're going to go to the audience"
love the way @pictory uses tweets as interstitial content, sprinkled between fab photos:
woo, @ellmcgirt's @twittermedia story comes out this week! here's the cover, w/ @chloes looking like 140 million bucks:
"we were treating twitter as another home page @kzaleski of @washingtonpost in @howardkurtz's take on twitter + news:
#conanreturns to tv via tbs. check out @teamcoco's live tweeting of the premiere. look for good ideas from this team.
nice election day round-up from @storifylotsa newspapers gave tweet curation a spin on tuesday:
twitter as the new fleet of newspaper trucks: @alexismadrigal on how @washingtonpost's election day promotedtrend fared
@heatherh_nj cool! glad you caught it...
#election night sign off from @cnn's newsroom at 2:30am. here's the best @twittermedia team on tv: 
tune into cnn right now to catch their latest visualization of #election tweets. no, seriously, right now. go!
the secret to how @cnn newsroom survives the stress of #election night revealed! bourbon & boar-bacon brownies: 
scoping out @cnn's twitter visualizations here at their ny #election hq!
a twitter + media first: @washingtonpost is sponsoring the promoted trend on #election day, the first news org to do so:
ah cool! here's a great snapshot of tweets leading up to the obama town hall today:
here's the visualization that you'll see live during the @barackobama town hall this afternoon:
you can send in questions via twitter, naturally. jump in and tag 'em with #ask + an issue, e.g. #askjobs, #askenvironment, #asklgbt
twitter media is on the road this week. first stop: atl. ever been to the coca-cola museum? (does it have a twitter account?)
digging @congressorg's canonical house & senate lists. they make great inputs into other coverage & appse.g. mid-term election stuff.
how a nondescript trailer recently played a role in media's evolution, and how that evolution relates to #newtwitter:
tweets from @nytimes reporters & editors covering the #2010 midterms, all in one place:
love this: @katiecouric talks about the value of learning new tools, including twitter 
the nbc show "community" has been using twitter in really interesting ways:
here's a fun roundup of  #becauseoftwitter tweets by the @huffingtonpost:
i've also heard tell of a 30-second spot for the show that includes tweets. anybody seen this? (or have a link to a video?)
so this new nbc series "the event" looks pretty cool, yeah? they're doing some fun stuff w/ character accounts:
we're fans of @tweetriver here. scope this shot of their curation interface, and note particularly the "rules" panel:
ntsc + http = 11 million viewers and 2 million tweets. it's the new live tv:
you can find more details on the #newtwitter right over here:
@justinbieber send your fans over to the #vma twitter tracker! you're running at 393 tweets per minute and climbing:
here's where we're ensconced, making tweaks & choosing tweets: 
we're having fun watching people compete on the #vma twitter viz already, &gt; 24 hours before the show:
from the wapo, here's a detailed tick-tock reconstructing how news of the discovery channel gunman spread on twitter:
more #emmys interestingness: according to @adage & @wiredset, 2/3rds of emmy tweeters were women 
here's a recap of twitter's role in this year's #emmys, including backstage tweets from @jimmyfallon and @hodgman:
also relevant to the enterprising media dev: the new site streams beta. tweets for lots & lots of users, w/out polling:
attention media devs: the oauthpocalypse is upon us. all your basic auth apps & visualizations stop working tomorrow!
alert! alert! @jimmyfallon is using tweets to intro presenters at the emmy awards! hello jon hamm!
@satinderp yep should be working! any more details? feel free to follow me & we can dm.
so 88% of u.s. homes have traditional cable, but there's a big & growing generation gap. good take from @brianstelter:
@mattreyes right now, fast follows don't show up in the followers count.
present at the creation! i'm having fun watching @tbd answer questions & get the conversation started here on its first day in operation.
@sreenet hey thanks for the shout-out, sree!
the @ustreasurydept uses google search volume to gauge the economy. no indicators driven by tweetsyet:
beyond pro/con! @cnni uses twitter & @crimsonhexagon to dive into global opinion around arizona's immigration law:
a little belated, but please welcome @rosshoffman and his $200 hoodie to the @twittermedia team! @kanyewest would be proud.
so #ifihadasuperpower it would be to help every tv host use hashtags like this. (i would do this in a robot suit, like iron man. obviously.)
he links to this terrific list of tv writers, producers, showrunners, schedulers (!) & more:
why tv fans & sports fans should be (and are!) on twitter, from @sfgate's @bastardmachine:
fyi, twitter media crew: marshall mcluhan was born 99 years ago today. sharp, readable piece from @wired:
fun w/ hashtags: a clever & spirited update to audience input from the ever-inventive @jimmyfallon
p.s. i am in love with that glowing green ribbon of tweets. (you can catch a glimpse of it in the first few seconds of the video.)
wow! quick turnaround from @vh1; the twitter segment from the @dosomething awards is already online:
wait 'til you see the tweets in @vh1's do something awards tonight (9 p.m. est). it's a very cool integration. #dsawards
@tjohansmeyer hmm no tweaks imminent. i think the "real" solution would be a wordpress pluginwhich is def beyond my skills.
quiz time, via @niemanlab: what % of u.s. tv shows in 2009-10 were available online w/in a day of air? the answer:
moments of discovery, collected & curated by @discovery:
this @oldspice campaign has a perfect tone. short, snappy video replies to tweets & youtube comments:
still super-interested in the ushahidi platform. anybody at a media organizationlarge or smallusing it?
i'm still obsessed with the firsthand toolbar from @kosmix. if you run a site, you should install it now. here's why:
q: what percentage of 18-29-year-olds have ever made a donation via text message? it's higher than i expected:
(it serves as a new baseline, i think. get the add-on, browse your own site, & ask: how could i provide an experience that's even better?)
worth following: @kuhncnn is tweeting interesting tidbits & salient stats from @ev & @biz at #aif2010. (good non-twitter stuff, too.)
i love this @nytimes #worldcup data viz because it doesn't look like data viz! super fresh & creative:
neat video where steven levitan, exec producer of modern family, explains how they use twitter for real-time feedback:
this looks cool! 140kit, "a free and open platform for archiving & analyzing data from twitter" 
and, as long as we're talking about twitter & magazines, i ought to mention one of my favorite accounts: @longreads!
in this @nytimesbits post &gt;
real-time tweets on the home page, unfiltered by human eyes. how do you pull that off? find who does it, & how:
medvedev, aka @kremlinrussia, joins a host of heads of state in a global conversation on twitter. world leaders list:
it's list week on twitter media!
interesting stats from nielsen re: simultaneous tv and web usage. surprise: older people do it more!
a little late, but awesome: colbert lampooning @nytimes' "tweet controversy," @nytimeskrugman & of course @twitter:
i've also really been enjoying @worldcupcnn. good mix of basic news, match reporting, & retweets from cnn correspondents on the ground.
viz is great, but you need a narrative, too. here, @cnni uses tweets to tell the tale of the vuvuzela:
this year's knight news challenge winners:
@rickprin5 that's amazing. thanks for the tip. any links/videos to point to?
can't get on cable tv? go for "every other possible screen." cool strategy from our pals at @ajenglish:
our pals at @mtv are looking for the first ever mtv twitter jockey:
and the @guardian's high-speed, tweet-powered match replays are so cool they deserve a link of their own:
@mediatwit been meaning to fix that; thanks for the prompt. voila.
hot off the presses! please welcome fifa via @fifacom officially to twitter. they are three hours old and tweeting up a football storm.
arcs of competition & connection! the @guardian's first #worldcup twitter viz:
great piece on #wc2010 by @ryancorazza for @espn, including plenty of links to players and lists:
check out the cool twitter integration in tonight's #mtvmovieawards red-carpet show at 8pm. sneak peek:
wow. need to find an athlete, team, or league on twitter? it's probably on @sportsin140's list:
@guardian can't wait to hear more--don't be shy!
twitter media ecosystem company trendrr helps capture the lost finale in twitter traffic:
two snaps taken in the last 18 hours of on-air integrations from our friends at @cnn & @bravotv:
in case you missed it friday: here's why the opportunity is still ripe to be the voice of the world cup &gt;&gt;
who's going to be the voice of the world cup? i think it's still up for grabs. here's the opportunity:
nice curation from @guardian here! the top climate change accounts:
i absolutely love this breaking-news case study from @stevebuttry. here's your guide, folks:
wow, i'm really glad everybody's eager to ditch screen grabs of tweets! but, let me caveat this little hack of mine:
@techmktgarage is this on wordpress.com? works for me on a few different wp installs.
you know, i'll be honest: i did not think so many people would be interested in static html tweets. the app is a little whacked right now.
okay, here's a simple tool that makes static html tweets for blog posts & news articles. it's called blackbird pie:
@mhawksey ooh, great tip. thank you!
@jdcoffman yes, definitely! and they can also link through to the author's account. just generally more elegant. (though still: v. simple.)
@mashable @rww er, it's not that exciting. i'm only talking about simple, selectable flat-html tweets, e.g. here:
i'll be honest; almost-right-but-not-quite quotes are a pet peeve of mine. i love this alternative approach from @rww:
love that "social tv" is one of @techreview's ten emerging technologies for 2010:
the four elements of @anywhere (or) how @anywhere is like hip-hop:
the four elements of @anywhere (or) how @anywhere is like hip-hop:
@annatarkov great tip. followed.
trying out swift river. this could be broadly useful:
ever wondered the best way to show tweets on tv? check out our broadcast guidelines:
(i guess maybe i shouldn't have used a golf metaphor in a soccer tweet. er, football tweet. oh jeez. i'd better stick to javascript.)
we are thinking hard about the world cup over here. cnn's @etanowitz tees up the opportunity:
50 million to 2 million to 170,000. here's how you curate one of the biggest events there is:
writing up a quick @theashcloud post. what are examples of good coverage or content using twitter? #ashtag
attention producers: @lifeondiscovery has been a show-tweeting exemplar, esp w/ these last few episodes. more here:
check out @zseward's last few tweets for a fuller explanation. clever, useful idea; great @anywhere implementation. #chirp
also, how much do i love this run-down of @anywhere possibilities from the guardian's @openplatform crew? so much:
aaand @anywhere code is live at
want to see @anywhere in action? we dropped hovercards into twitter media. view source & see how simple it is:
@lavrusik nicely done! i'm going to start a "basics" tag & link to that post.
whoah! how did i not know about this? twitter journalismit's a whole big thing:
quick! somebody write a smart, speculative post about how you might use promoted tweets re: media or journalism, and i'll link to it!
@laura_heck right on!
@storymakers hmmwhat kind of research? that is: what kind of question or hypothesis do you have about liveblogging events?
@eclisham absolutely not! just haven't added case studies for other platforms yet. got specific suggestions?
in case it's not obvious: we're going to keep adding tons of stuff to twitter media. it's as much a blog as it is a knowledge base.
@breakingthedial we're adding more all the time! i'd love to do a radio case study. suggestions for people or projects?
you guys use @chartbeat, right? here's what i've been staring at all morning:
woo!
we're holding a media session at @chirp this thursday! so yes, this is your chance to stump @chloes:
a live twitter discussion, w/ experts, during the diary of anne frank premiere tonight on @pbs:
@jenny8lee we're going to expect lots of tips from you, jenny!
"mr. watson, come here. i want to see you."
"mr. watson, come here. i want to see you."
"mr. watson, come here. i want to see you."
"mr. watson, come here. i want to see you."
"mr. watson, come here. i want to see you."
"mr. watson, come here. i want to see you."
"mr. watson, come here. i want to see you."
"mr. watson, come here. i want to see you."
@banditbeans is it called jimmy? ;^}
quinoa raisins coconut sugar with a splash of almond milk. want some? ;^d
ppl seem to equate not wanting or needing or yearning with giving up but they're not the same thing. ;^)
goodmornoonevening field! wouldn't it be wild if after trying so hard to be an individual, what we really long for is our own absence? ;^)
@flokynhovieira nice rayane! much love. ;^}
@dav232: a new favourite, thanks @jimcarrey 
@annalmcs i saw you too! psych! ;^p
@brianmaddaford1 happy birthday, brian! have a cool one. ;^)
nyc, toronto, meeting u and your kids was funderful! let me know how they like'roland'. gotta put this hand in some 
@skittlesovermms my pleasure sweety. ;^}
@wantddublovin #boing
i'm one thorough cavity search away from boarding the plane to t.o! anything for my home town peeps! ;^
at barnesandnoble in nyc, tomorrow. there will be #boing!
@face_thestrange: @jimcarrey the kids are enjoying how roland rolls! great story!
there are an infinite number of universes both inside and outside of our bodies. this has been an educated guess. spank you kindly! ;^p
#supergroovyamazingfantabulousposter now available on
shootin' at stone mtn. georgia today. what a fine spot. lovin' this place. rich with natural untapped #boing. ;^d
most characters we play in movies or tv think they're just humans trapped in their own skin so i have to temporarily suspend disbelief. ;^p
@canialopez you scared me for a second there sam. haha! ;^}
@clatterbuck84 i love you #spankyoukindly ;^d
@stuntmanstu: going 4 the @jimcarrey #dumbanddumber look.. thx @gr8hairottawa @rinaldohair
@chris_in_ri how roland rolls is printed in canada and distributed in the united states, just like me. much love homie! ;^]
@gemmag1982 i'm honored gemma. give good ol'freda my love! ;^}
i won my first award 4 best children's book yesterday and met some cool ppl in atlanta.told u it was gonna be a good
it's gonna be an amazing day! you know why? cuz i double frickin' stamped it! ;^p
how roland rolls comes out today but it may be a little too sophisticated for lloyd and harry! yep... they're baaaaa
'how roland rolls' arrives tomorrow! amazon, barnesandnoble and other e'tailers - retailers. watch the featurette at
i'm appearing on the ellen show today. just when you thought your lives couldn't get any better! ;^
@spiderdarrell hoppy burpday jade! nice face! ;^p
the music for the how roland rolls ebook just went up on itunes. it's for kids  and goofy old grown-ups. check it out. sssssssgoooood!!! ;^d
if u buy my book in stores tues or on
i'm taking my #boing to the ellen show on monday 9/23 so don't make any other plans 'or else' you can see it online. ;^p
@daniel_josef12 yer my pal, daniel. that's good enough! supercharged boing to ya! ;^
@pervypepper yer funny. ;^}
lst night at a party a woman thght i ws jim carrey's son.swore i look jst like him.upon realizing hr gaff she gt mad and flipped me off. ;^
@banupstander it's #boing! ;^&gt;
@googieboogie priceless paul. ;^
@kevln_k please do! ;^]
@1ladyfoot1 friggin' adorable! ;^&gt;
@julianchallis haha! perfect! ;^d
u n your kids can upload your roland face at
this is what roland is all about! what could be better! your kids can upload their roland face at 
gess huuz bak bichez?
we r seedlings being formed by our choices on greenhouse earth 2 be replanted,when mature,in the astral plane.how do i know?i don't.haha ;^p
@______v_______ i hope so. i know it won't make them worse! ;^d
@jocelynn4 that's a start. only takes a spark to light a fire. ;^}
@peralori it's never too late. hi and #spankyoukindly lori marie. ;^}
@militarymandy great hair! ;^}
@mazmiyimm thank you brother. ;^&gt;
@199candles i'd be angry thn i'd try to deal wth it in a way tht doesn't hurt my soul and eventually find my way back to joy. much love 3^|
@elhites of course, you are myself! ;^p
@canuckbcgirl bless your sweet heart! you've got a bigger family than you know. find a reason to smile and they'll find you. much love. ;^}
@aisha_hussain i love you too, aisha. truly! ;^)
@sba1617 ... and you mine, saba! ;^&gt;
@j_says62 there's a turtle in my new book.
@steffanlazar be it already in your head. feel it like it is. then when the doors open just walk through them and do the work. have fun. ;^}
@outcast104
goodmornoonevening planet earth!don't waste your life waiting 4 the world 2 make u happy.the world is waiting for u.
@beadreamer5 that's cool autumn. i had never seen it. spanks to you! ;^}
@priyab1981 that's a lot of love! i double it and send it right back. spank you kindly! ;^)
i wrote a book www.howrolandrolls abt a larger u that can never be destroyed and can never lose a thing, for children n their grown-ups! ;^)
@valleegurl when you give your mind to someone else your heart cries out for you. just come home and give it some love. ;^}
@seabass529 'round midnight' but i also like his version of 'i don't stand a ghost of a chance' 3^)
it's a lonely tuesday night. but my good friend thelonios monk understands completely. 
|b^&gt;~
my new baby is on the way! his name is 'roland' and he's got somethin' to say to children and their grown-ups! 
goodmornoonevening world! this moment, right  now, is pregnant with the next. so bare down and squeeze out a good on
@colby07 glad to hear it colby. spank you kindly! ;^]
@teamjohnaustin #funderful man! just #funderful! ;^j
@avarielafave ;^p
@meloneranger real good thx. love your hair! ;^}
@avarielafave hope you like it avarie! i love you!
here's some real wisdom on this fabulous f%cking day!
@ea_vanbreda you probably stink. ;^}
ever have a frnd tht kinda stinks at times and u love em too much 2 tell thm?dude if u don't shower in the morn by 2pm u stink.trust me! 8^
@pbal114 nets filled with fish. ;^)
@baka_trillah  hi. ;^}
@mazmiyimm #boing brother! ;^)
@sba1617 way too much. haha! ;^p
@egomet_bonmot haha! even him. ;^\
@coskun_murat i don't. ;^)
@echelonhowe orgasm! ;^
@randomindead yes it's really me. ;^}
@randomindead spank you kindly, marwan! ;^&gt;
@dyaharvard but who's watching you? ;^
@mathiassorense1 wow mathias. what a beauty! ;^}
@tennis_miranda spank you kindly, miranda. if i make things better in any way for you, i'm happy. ;^)
deep purple machine head. lazy, side 2 track 2, on vinyl. #f'getaboutit b^
@mayank_rex namaste. may your #boing runneth over!  3^}
@deionmo it's never too late big guy! bring it in here! yeeeeahhh, that's it! 
;^]
@mangweloon me too, nellie. you're a good hugger! :^}
goodmornoonevening world! you look like you could use a hug. c'mere! come on! mmmmmmmm mm mm mmm!!! feel better? goooooood!  ;^]
@venusreturnus1 jon's lyrics and voice are a jacobs ladder to the heavens. prince's favorite i heard. 3^)
@883dcp up at dawn, dave. don't wanna miss a thing! ;^}
wakin' up to joni mitchell 'blue' today. on vinyl! technology's easier but there's something devine about actually putting a record on. b^}
@sandibennett3 whatever gets you through the night sandi! ;^}
@aticklemetimmy i dig it timbo! ;^}
here's what they left out of the secret. you can manifest anything in the world but first you have to convince yourself you deserve it. ;^
@melaniekeller24 thanks for noticing melanie. you're very pretty. handsome young man you got there too. all my best to ya! ;^]
@catherinesarama i'm ok times infinity, catherine! ;^)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
@morbidangelxxii nice to meet ya jenny! ;^}
@samvarley91 may be time for you to up the medication sammy! ;^&lt;
@sinceresayings you're on s never ending love loop! there's no way out but who cares! 8^p
@lyss_drrain it's tempting alyssa but i'm a wild pony that can't be tamed! ;^
@sandibennett3 there is no hole. there never was and never will be. that's the truth.  ;^)
i was bummed when i found this stain today on the knee of my pants but i quickly accepted it as part of the the new 
@reneeharrison13 i did them for you, renee! shhhhhh! our secret! b^
@hahmay spank you kindly! ;^&gt;
@araanchal hello and thanks! i plan to visit india soon. your spiritual traditions have brought me so much peace. ;^}
i held a feral kitten once and stroked her pretty head but when i tried to put her down she scratched me till i bled
just saw bruno mars. what a show. the guys a super talent! great time! ;^
@yousefaliziadeh thx yousef. i really appreciate that. much #boing to you my friend! ;^}
father greg. in the hood they call him g-dog. a beautiful soul. he's an example of the greatness in us. check out 
spent a day with father greg and the good folks at homeboy. every1 n everything in the universe responds to love! 
@politidildo you're a mean person.
here's another look at 'ayla' in process. ;^}
here's another look at 'ayla' in process. ;^}
@hughjeye u got it ;^)
i've been playing with fire... and bronze! 'ayla' represents true love, who's invitation arrives only when we're rea
charles bradley 'soul of america' is the doc. watch it and buy this man's records immediately! i have to finish sobb
went for a walk in santa monica last night. la looked beautiful. there were a few rats that darted across my path. t
last night i dreamed i was driving my car wth my mind while riding on the hood right past a cop bt he ws busy being 
we love iowa. let the sunshine! let the sunshine in... the suuuunshine in! ;^}
you can only try to take a step toward somebody and if they back away you have to let them go. i love you all. 
;^)
only love is cool. ;^)
@jsinglet4 amen, sister janis! ;^d
may the #boing be with you! have a brilliant and miraculous day!  ;^{|}  as you can see my emoticon has had a little work done.
asslt rifle fans,i do not agree wth u,nor do i fear u but i do love u and i'm sorry tht in my outrage i called you names.that was wrong. 3^{
you've been through a lot and you deserve a rest. forgive yourself for cryin' out loud! ;^p
@bigisrick find peace. i have. ;^)
to all my northern brothers and sisters, happy canada day! i'm proud of you and i'll love you forever! ;^)
@seanlewis1986 everything they did was sublime. please don't make me choose! ;^)
the beatles r the greatest antidepressant every created. right now, i'm listening to rubber soul and bathing in serotonin. they r love! {8^
i meant to say my apologies to others involve with the film. i am not ashamed of it but recent events have caused a change in my heart.
i did kickass a month b4 sandy hook and now in all good conscience i cannot support that level of violence. my apologies to e
@robyn_mcd that was me. if you got the power you gotta use it. enjoy!          ;^)
maybe this is why i've always felt like a visitor on this planet.
@garciaem25 outside truman's phone and emails r monitored by nsa and there's video cameras on every corner. it's the same. free truman! ;^)
i was feeling down about life'n'love. then i met a woman named ammachi and she gave me back my smile. darkness can n
i just added my voice. text myvoice to 877877 to answer my call. #myvoice 3^}
@iabood94 it's never to late to let ppl know you love em. ;^)
i love you boston! always have. you are brave and beautiful.  3^}
like it or not, wayne lapierre is necessary. without contrast how would we know what goodness looks like? 
;^)
i'd like to thank the congress for reminding us that we should never take them seriously. hail the corporatocracy!  god bless the usnra! 8^
there is no such thing as darkness, just the absence of #boing! ;^}
birds r pretty but they have horrible farts.they flap their wings to get rid of the stench and fly away so they can't be blamed. poot! &gt;=}8&gt;
@urbandrawer ;^
@urbandrawer ;^
one thing's for sure, we'll get the legislation we deserve. i'm gonna go listen to the birds, now. remember actual tweeting? ;^}
follow senator heidi heitkamp @senatorheitkamp. tell her to do right by all of our children. 3^|
@senatorheitkamp, how can you tell the parents of #newtown that guns are not an issue in your state? this tragedy belongs to all of us.  3^|
nra, faithless even to its own members.
jonathan winters was the worthy custodian of a sparkling and childish comedic genius. he did god's work. i was lucky 2 know him. =;o{|}
"you that hide behind walls, you that hide behind desks, i just want you to know, i can see through your masks." - bob dylan (cc:@nra)  };^[
congrats to the 68 senators who voted in favor of debate on gun legislation. now, let's make america a safer place for our children. 3^|
@tymajestic thank you, sir. ;^}
@senjohnbarrasso most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth.3^l
@tammybaldwin most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senronjohnson most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@sen_joemanchin most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@mariacantwell most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@pattymurray most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@timkaine most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@sensanders most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorleahy most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senmikelee most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@tedcruz most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@johncornyn most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senbobcorker most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@johnthune most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senjohnsonsd most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatortimscott most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth.3^l
@senwhitehouse most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senjackreed most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@sentoomey most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senjeffmerkley most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@ronwyden most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@tomcoburn most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@robportman most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@sensherrodbrown most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth.3^l
@heidi4nd most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorhagan most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorburr most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@sengillibrand most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@heinrich4nm most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatortomudall most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth.3^l
@senatormenendez most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth.3^l
@kellyayotte most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorshaheen most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@sendeanheller most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorfischer most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@mike_johanns most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@jontester most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@royblunt most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@clairecmc most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorwicker most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@alfranken most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@amyklobuchar most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@stabenow most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senmocowan most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@elizabethforma most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorcardin most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senangusking most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorcollins most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@davidvitter most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senrandpaul most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@mcconnellpress most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@jerrymoran most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorharkin most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@chuckgrassley most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@sendonnelly most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorkirk most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatordurbin most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@mikecrapo most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@maziehirono most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@brianschatz most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorisakson most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@marcorubio most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senbillnelson most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@chriscoons most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@chrismurphyct most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senblumenthal most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senbennetco most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorboxer most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senfeinstein most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@johnboozman most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senjohnmccain most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorbegich most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@lisamurkowski most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senshelbypress most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senmarkpryor most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth.  3^l
i wish all the students in texas a full physical and emotional recovery. i'm glad the attacker was not more heavily 
hey world,chck out 'cold dead hand' on funny or die n itunes.
upset about heston, phonies? sorry, #notbuyinit! here's me being honest.
@warrengtharappa flush
@rescuediver33 flush
@bub_romero flush
u who claim 2 be upset abt me doing charleton heston.u're such phonies.u're insincerity is transparent and laughable.sorry #notbuyin'it 
;^p
god bless martin luther king jr. bravest of the brave!  3^}
45 years ago today civil rights leader martin luther king jr. was taken by an assassin's bullet. he preached and lived non-violence. 
3^}
sing it snoop! #letyourheartbeheard
'cold dead hand' approaching 3 million views in 9 days.
i am content to do my thing for those who are awake and those who wish to stay asleep i'll let the devil take. 
@jeff_daniels i love you buddy! ;^]
no more big guns#letyourheartbeheard
@marce_tomyvicho you too! ;^]
@12_yearold you are one fucked up 12 yr old!
@el_padrinockg it's on the way, boss! ;^&gt;
@will_i_aint82 you win! ;^
@greycole05 you have bad parents, son. ;^p
@el_padrinockg all the way, marcus! deeper than the deep blue sea! ;^}
@extaca love yourself. ;^)
@parishilton spank you kindly, paris. b^]
@soffedyr don't worry brielle.they're feelin' powerless and angry about life.it's not really me.they just need a place to put it. ;^&gt;
@ciarahoranbbz spank you kindly, clara! i'm happy to be of service! ;^}
@ciarahoranbbz spank you kindly, clara! i'm happy to be of service! ;^}
wow. i shined a light on the hate and now my twitter stream is nothin' but love. i appreciate your support, so much!  #spankyoukindly ;^)
the best way to handle trolls is to drag them out into the light.  8^
'cold dead hand' a huge hit on funny or die! 1.8 million views in 3days! forcing intolerent goons everywhere to show
a lot of the autographs you'll buy 4 guns online r fakes.jokes on both buyer and seller.not to mention the karma.your luck will be bad.  ;^)
listen up! my body gaurd doesn't have a gun tht shoots a hundred rounds because we're reasonable people! hate hears wht it wants 2 hear! 3^|
@asta64 i know and i appreciate that. happy easter! ;^}
@zz_crusader_zz that's cat sratch feeble baby! ;^}
@christinacheree glad you liked it! ;^&gt;
@conniej39925149 many spanks! ;^}
this shower of bile isn't abt me.i tapped into your feelings of powerlessness n openned up a reservoir it took yrs t
gun control is not a class war being waged by the so called liberal elite and even if it ws the best weapon isn't an
this licence plate is from the death car of bonnie and clyde. barrow was known to be impotent. he compensated with v
@jarredhardinger jarred, if shooting targets wth your ar-15 is more important 2 u thn the safety of school children it's time 2 wake up! ;^\
owning a handgun or a shotgun is 1 thing bt if u need more fire power than that, it means you're shootin' blanks in 
do you really want this guy to have an assault rifle? ;^
there r also many fair minded ppl out there and i appreciate their support bt i love every1 whether we agree or not. yes, even the mf's! ;^p
i'm appalled at wht i've seen on ths stream the last few days, all in hatred's defense. no wonder it's so dangerous 
wow!i haven't bn on here since 10:15am.14hrs n u guys r still arguing without me.i'm gonna go 2 bed now bt don't let that stop you! yawn ;^u
@opinion8edman thank you semantic man! ;^p
@milliesmiith thx millie! ;^}
@jbird8 newsflash jbird. movies aren't real. no classroom gets blown to bloody hell by a movie but your misdirection is noted. ;^]
thx 4 your input 2day.i don't think i've ever felt so despised and so free at the same time. it's been delightfully. ;^}
video uploading shortly.
@garyebarber it's unloaded, fyi! ;^}
@dloesch so that means ppl need a hundred bullet magazine? well,u don't make sense but you cause confusion and that's all u really want! ;^}
the important question is "do we possess guns in america or do guns possess us?" 
over a million ppl have been killed by guns in the us since john lennon was shot. look no further than your own back
i'd like to respond to all the conservative bundits out there personally but i'm far too busy not stumping for the g
@dloesch not at all. i'm suggesting compassionate compromise. a revolutionary concept, i know. ;^}
gun folks are afraid that control won't stop with large magazines. their nervousness is far less important than the 
no 1 is answering my suggestion of developing non-lethal self-defense! i guess that wouldn't satisfy our national ad
i repeat,how abt developing more non-lethal forms of self-defense?! too sensible?!!!why the hell are rubber bullets 
how abt developing more non-lethal forms of selfdefense?too sensible?!'cold dead hand' 1min aft midnight 2night on f
'cold dead hand' is abt u heartless motherf%ckers unwilling 2 bend 4 the safety of our kids.sorry if you're offended
@wolvergene1 i agree, civilians die in massive numbers every year so you can have military style weapons. selfish. 8^
hunters hang animals up on their walls.i kill mosquitos bt their little heads r hard to mount! 'cold dead hand' funn
@mattsorum mattahorn! how's yer life? ;^}
just a glimpse. unfinished 'ayla's invitation'.
}3^&gt;
;^&gt;
@dmolloy25_ennis 2000 degress. ;^
@dawnw1 yes! ;^&gt;
@sameerjamaal i'm the one on the right controlling the crane and tilt mechanism and gettin' ready to run if there's a spill! ;^
@angelanaustin angela, i wish u tons of love! u must be a compasionate soul after enduring that. big hugs to u and your beautiful boy! ;^&gt;
here's another piece of somethin' i'm painting just for fun. that's all i can show you now. b^j
@lianna809 thx lianna! love is. ;^}
@nutsiko_o thx nutsa. i hope you're feeling better! ;^]
@stevena2121 hahaha! you made laugh with that! many spanks, steve!
;^d
@annrose1983 gladly! ;^}
@travislfowler thx. much love! ;^}
new profile pic is where i'm at. see you there. b^&gt;
@chickahoy69 i'm happy to hear it! best wishes! ;^)
did 10 hrs in the art studio, today. felt so f%ckin' good to paint again! 
2b^&gt;=&lt;;
@taylordi_flame i love you, gorgeous! ;^)
@kelseywilsonn ;^}
everything is yours. thanks for sharing. ;^)
@missmoonwalkerr ;^*
@shukurana20 i'm in heaven. how are you? ;^}
@hawkeyeharrison i love you too, callum, regardless of your unholy stench! ;^)
@hawkeyeharrison well, maybe you should use some deodorant, callum! 
;^p
@ajorgensen57 have a cookie. ;^)
@daryalekomceva cool ;^)
in hollywood they say "less is more" which means everything is nothing. there's somethin' to shoot for! ;^j
new pope is a nice diversionary tactic frm liars hypocrites n deviants and cnn happy 2 help them hypnotize the masses.no pun intended. ;^&gt;+
many spanks for all the lovely comments. i love you all. everything is perfect! ;^}
@juliannarouge that's important to me, julianna. many spanks! b^&gt;
@sandiegoheaven thx! if u take kids 2 burt w explain tht things i'm doing r just plastic makeup and tricks bef4 they see it.it's edgy. ;^]
@sba1617 many spanks, saba! ;^}
@citizenxtx i was being oxymoronic! ;^&gt;
@ms_honest silliness! ;^p
count on impermanence! ;^
@tammychristinev iove you too. ;^}
@s_moore519 burlington. my old stompin' ground! awesome early teen years. much love! ;^}
@lilikebi hello lili! i love you! ;^}
@andreahavens i'm there now, andrea! just forget sometimes! ;^]
@piratequeen29 that gives me #gladishness maribel! 8^&gt;
@donnamac54 grrrrrruff! };^]
@kburgerhoff i see your #boing and raise you a #boyoyoing  ;8^d
@dawnw1 you're so welcome dawn! b^j
@xsxuxpxexr glad you liked it bud!
;^}
see 'the incredible burt wonderstone' in theatres tomorrow! it'll be like a close friend who holds u down and tickles u till u barf! =b^q
i thnk organized religion is fading and changing the pope ws a corporate maneuver bt how u worship is your choice. i #callgoddirect  }3^&gt;+
guess who's making an appearance on letterman tonight? me, back on my awkward spiritual journey! backstage! b^}
@sandiegoheaven hope you feel better. ;^)
@nicoantho1981 omar sy is wonderful in the intouchables. he should feel good about being a part of something divine. ;^&gt;
@mattsorum before i met jagger, he was obese!  [:^{|}
@mattsorum congrats on the paradigm shift oh brother of the #boing ;^]
@mattsorum i remember it well. only a pot of coffee and a bran muffin could take that carbage out! 8^o
day 19. gentle. easy. silent. 3^)
@armyof1dlads you're welcome. ;^&gt;
conclave has begun to select a new pope.cali's cardinal(hide'em)mahoney voting and eligible.keep your children safe!call god direct! ?8^}&gt;+
@alis0nslidjia oui! ;^)
@jesuisunaigle14 you're doing just fine. i understand. thank you! ;^]
@chiaramg33 massive oversight! ;^
@sofdraper you're lost. ;^\
@christinabn nothing is true till it happens ;^)
there's a french film called 'the intouchables' it should have been nominated for best picture oscar. see it! it's #boing is boundless! ;^d
day 18 of my new nutritional lifestyle. i feel at one with nature and my poop is covered in moss. :^}
for you who project your disrespect to ill effect my #boing will deflect the invective you inject!  2b^&gt;
@pointflashes no
big laughs in burt wonderstone! my little part is pretty nuts. steve's hillarious and arkin sublime as usual. glad i could jump in! 2b^&gt;
i teamed wth the eels 2 record 'cold dead hand' charleton heston loves it so mch he's back frm the grave 2 be in the video on fod soon!  ;^
writin' some crazy songs lately.first single 'cold dead hand' launches in 2wks on itunes wth insane video on funny or die.u will b wet!  8^
lot of judges out there tonight. this court is adjourned!!! ;^p
pardon me. my diet just changed it's name to x. don't ask me y. 8^
@serenadexshayla what's the difference. ;^)
@jimcarrey day 16. super clear. super creative. ~b^p
@michmybelle3 no. definitely no diet sodas. ;^
a study could hedge a little but not 42% ;^
@jessebogart1 bologna
@peeenisbugs it's just statistic collecting. simple facts ;^}
usa today.harvard study says states wth most gun laws have 42% less gun mortality thn states wth fewest gun laws n 37% less gun suicide. ;^)
@camels95 none dude. don't wanna miss the show. ;^}
i need to repeat that! when it comes to food and drugs, #varietyisthespiceofdeath  
i don't know why but that really makes me laugh!  2;^d
@madamehatter85 when it comes to food and drugs, #varietyisthespiceofdeath ;^
@williestwilly not in giant amounts but yeah. ;^)
@miserablepig you mean the science paid for by food and drug companies, life the food pyramid owned by kelloggs? ;^]
@neilblackwood nuts are fat olive oil is fat flax seed oil has fat. most proteins have fat. all ya need bro n leafy greens have calcium. ;^&gt;
@pastortomweaver ribeye is protein. ;^)
@liverkickboom yeah quinoa is great! ;^}
protein veg legumes rice fruit nuts water contain all we need 2b healthy happy n sharp minded.i believe ths diet more healing thn drugs. ;^)
@jockin_db true. enjoy your bypass! ;^p
@sarahinvestor joking. loved it. ;^}
@amelianayre i appreciate that! 8^}
end of day14.diet is kicking in.feeling relaxed content and even blissfull,like i just got up from a good nap.(4 details chck prev twts) ;^}
@carinocasino stick with it. it's only 3wks. half way through third week you'll see. ;^&gt;
peace.
@lyssajune never heard of it. if you say so. ;^)
@louismarshallx hi canadian fan. much loveage! ;^}
@t_mak558res hi painbody! ;^)
@tara_leann_ford many spanks, tara! ;^]
@memyworld will you pick me up at the bus terminal? ;^}
@useyourillusion hi me! ;^}
@jadorekristen love works. ;^)
@cherylmarie26 cool cheryl! ;^)
"why don't you notice me, jim!""jim never answers me!"   i will never respond to these! guilt doesn't work! ;^p
@cherylmarie26 nothings wrong. just try no wheat dairy or sugar for 3 wks. see how it feels. ;^}
@milliesmiith peace millie. ;^]
@opotterhead15 i hate your entitlement. ;^p
@sleeplessinrome if the body makes it how can it be nonessential?
@tweetsfromnancy i don't have irratic behavior. i'm perfectly peaceful. ;^)
@healingedgelmt nobody's perfect! ;^}
@vet624 3wks is just the beginning for me. it's a lifestyle. ;^]
@dickerzanti read prev twts ;^}
@ziggyzero0  in my opinion that's the ohd diet. obesity, heart desease and depression diet. good luck. ;^[
@strwbskullnic87 read prev twts;^&gt;
@tvelez164 read prev twts. ;^}
@suezysky truvia is owned by pepsi. ;^
@praxz4811 names are fattening ;^p
@chocoaholics wht women like in choc is tyrosine,chemical in brains responsible 4 enthusiasm.depleated during pms.can take suppliments. 
;^)
@loztez it doesn't need a name. ;^)
@dennisandrew22 cool. ;^}
@cloudy__ just the fools gold. ;^)
@lincolnsd just 4 me. ;^}
tomorrow,day 14,no wheat dairy sugar coffee soda drugs alcohol or tobac.a few more days till tht sweet feeling bt right now ain't bad! 2;^&gt;
there's nothing missing. 2;^&gt;
@courtniall hey chicago! don't forget your scarf! &lt;[];^{}
vegas has everything except a hotel window you can open.not gonna lie,being forced to breath super dry central air freaks me out a bit. ;^\
@josie_ellen might have to do that josie. spanks! ;^}
wakin' up in vegas.8:15am.actually quite pretty and something most visitors rarely see!i also had a nice quiet night, cuz i'm a rebel! }:^]
catholic reg thnks i hate church folks.not true!i don't hate any1.i hate whn ppl who have sex with kids tell us what sex should be. ;^&gt;+.
@kellysetzer thx kelly. no biggie! ;^}
@allyson81169 many spanks allyson! 2b^&gt;
shoulda said i wanna c if i cn throw a rck wthout hitting an acrobat frm cirque du soleil.sorry.i ws distracted by a wild pck of showgirls.
just landed in vegas. gonna throw a rock with my eyes closed and see if i can hit an acrobat from cirque du soleil! they're everywhere! ;^&gt;
@sleeplessinrome some folks need to be told ;^&gt;
there is no jim carrey! there never was! 
yours truly,
banksy   2b^&gt;
@milad_eb solar power fushion electric cars social media politics biotech de-extinction and sex with robots. ok i made that last 1 up! =8^
inspiring 2 listen 2 the knowledge n vision of the most brilliant among us. something good is happening here! 
2b^&gt;
simply #boing ;^)
congrats 10 millionth follower! you've won an all expenses paid trip 2 the palm of yr hand where you'll marvel at my foolish ramblings! 2;^d
tell u what,whether you love organized religion your an atheist u wanna rid the world of guns or hand out bazookas i'm going to love u. ;^p
speak to god directly! #themiddlemanispopeless &lt;;^}+
@_be_love_ 2;^*
@flztab bono is actually 6'9" ;^
@jacethibault hello, prairie pal! 2;^&gt;
@jacethibault hello, prairie pal! 2;^&gt;
@janwat42 doing well,janet.first 7days hardest,2nd wk easier,3rd u turn corner and feel amazing drop bad collesterol lbs. n age lines. 2;^&gt;
@schristie6 something
@tigger32188 hillarious. thx! ;^}
there r good catholics bt if a good woman allows her kids 2 b molested by their step father bcuz she's afraid 2 b alone, is that good? ;^\&gt;+
@sassygirl5896 i'll take that love and send it back with interest, lori! ;^d
@sassygirl5896 more than a few
@skydiever catholic church does good charity work. they could also help a lot of ppl by paying taxes. religions shouldn't be exempt. ;^}
@_be_love_ yeah, you can forgive charles manson but you still have to prevent him from hurting innocent people. ;^)
i just think denying who u really r while telling others who 2 b is hypocracy,but hey,worship wherever you want.u have my blessing. ;^p&gt;+
@adamstephanson i'm sure there are many with good intentions. but how good are they whom look the other way? ;^\
@tafollaadriana sorry. the church has a cancer. not my fault. ;^\
i knew the sickess in the catholic church all stems from the denial of human sexuality.gay or straight. #denyingsexleavesyoupopeless 
8^&gt;+
andrew clement at creative character engineering made big feet,david page n kelly gregson made angel coat 4 elton's party.spanks guys!  2b^&gt;
@kalyanamita thx connie! ;^}
@e_tucker i got 10 million ppl on here, you selfish dick! ;^p
@inmyspotlightxo i see u. 8^
@sander_punk hi there! ;^}
@kt_flynn not ;^)
@depechemars that's nice. bruno mars is incredible! ;^
goin' to elton's party. great cause! wearing the perfect outfit to express my awkward spiritual journey. ;^}
@missree7 hellooooooo! ;^o
@yboutme open wide! here comes the helicopter! ;^
@imverylazy tell it, shavon! =8^
@nutsiko_o the test is important right now though. get your game face on. 
}:^|
@chloebrien yes i do! ;^)
@ilybby333 i love you too! ;^}
@silenttheatre1 yes. ;^}
@janicefields9 good for you janice!
;^)
@nutsiko_o do great! ;^]
@ann_fedina hello. i love you! ;^*
@mizpurrfect i hope so katina! ;^)
@iceychoclate sure that's not your momma? ;^
@christinabn michael jackson was brilliant but being oz is exhausting. sooner or later the man behind the curtain collapses. ;^\
@jhaarboy 2=^d}
@chancenichols67 just a bad exec decision. ;^&gt;
@mcraelisa ;^}
@flame1873 yep. that was me. ;^
@jhaarboy you have every right to be unhappy, so do i but it's still a choice. ;^}
@mailmearose you're welcome! ;^)
@jhaarboy we've all been addicted to something. mostly suffering. ;^)
@sleepcoffesleep michael jackson was a millionaire. i promise you , that's not the answer. ;^)
feel peaceful today. i hear the birds singing because at this moment, that's what i am. ;^ 
@supergiirl510 tell the universe you have a job you like over and over untill you believe it and the job will appear. s'done!  ;^)
@asta64  #partysizesubmarinesandwich =;^
@4drenalinn that's the spirit! %^p
@mollyheaton ;^}
no wheat dairy sugar coffee soda drugs alcohol or tbco day 3.i feel a sense of balance n faireness.i hate everything n every1 equally. ;^\
@melihseckin you're working? really?because it seems like you're tweeting.maybe your boss should follow you. ah ha! ;^j
@mtmountainman yeah, and my pants were pointing back! ;^
heaven is right here and now anytime you want to find it. no search engine required! 
~b^&gt;
@daviddannemann it was all in fun. that dream is over dave. feel better. 
;^}
@yboutme so you probably don't wanna hear about my prostate exam but just incase, doc says i'm like a 19 yr old up there! sss'good!  =8^
@olliebridge no. but i have ;^}
starting 2day,no wheat dairy sugar coffee soda drugs alcohol or tobacco.in 3 wks i'll b so clear,tom cruise will avert his steely gaze! ~8^)
@daz0708
sometimes it's like tweeting to the bwind! why do i even twy. ~b^{
@cuban217 didn't want to encouwage dwug use! ~8^
@bilsely you mean twending, don't you? ~8^b
@luiza_bigeye hmm... intwesting! 
~8^&gt;
@dustinridling you have friends? ;^j
one must read between the tweets to twavel on the wight twack! ~8^]
@mrjoegooch  it's #twanscendental
~8^
i am not my tweets or the tweeter that tweets them. i am the awareness that the tweeter is tweeting. twuly! ;^}
@catherinesarama i'm not sad. ;^)
it doesn't matter. ;^)
@mgbeelowww  haha! it's hard out there for us hypocrates! ;^
@elliottbaarrnes #i'mgratefulforyouelliot ;^}
@rj_redneckjedi good luck with your illusion of superiority, rj. you need that when your mom and dad are first cousins. ;^p
@sjb777 leper, heal thine own poisonous heart! ;^p
@mikeyshadow11 that's why i said we. wakey wakey! ;^*
@rayssacampoos you're really hot! i love the way your breast compliment your wedding ring! danger! danger! pull up! pull up! close one! 2;^
@blondieatlanta viking exploration! is that what women are calling it now? };^q
can you imagine how little we'd have to talk about if we were forced to stop complaining about the world? we are addicted to suffering! 28^
@nikywaint hi niky. 2;^]
@naifalsubeaei and you mine! 2;^&gt;
@erikayjaime no
you were just mean. nothin more. ;^}
@weyssss 2:^
@edorz bruce lee right? 2;^
@erikayjaime did you used to be kind? ;^p
@sarahmj_ welcome 2 1 day! 28^
@lantzrobinson spank you kindly, lantz! ;^
@sir_chugsalot  =b^}
@missmoonwalkerr hi ;^)
@talbrigtsen i love my fans and critics equally. that's why critcism hurts so much. ;^
@wearwolph spank you kindly, al! 
;^]
@markie4tv the tramp in a modern context.glad you like it.  ;^}
@colbren0 yes i am a mirror. ;^}
@flztab that it's happening in your mind is enough for me. ;^)
@serenadexshayla i don't know. i'll ask chris rock, when i see'em! ;^p
@danielle91_ feel better. ;^)
@misgopdwrench69 then i am really blessed! ;^]
@jewelsgolden1 just weather. it'll pass. ;^}
@crackers427 swellitude! ;^d
@myswich much goodliness to you! 
;^}
@andy_jedimaster yes, i think i did! 
=8^)
@willie__wonka_ that's a good thing. it means the world's still turning. ;^&gt;
brightness! ;^)
@sandibennett3 the church hs always used fear 2 coral as many paying followers as possiblei.if you stray,no presents from santa. &lt;[];^}}
@cyrusnorth no but humor makes hell a little easier. ;^&gt;
@mrksnowdon can only upset you if it sounds true. ;^)
@eva_araujo if it's real, vip section! 
 ;^}
@troyhemingway there is nothing to believe in. it's a dream and it changes when your heart and your mind does. ;^}
i believe that heaven is here now,right where we stand.the entrance fee is a loving heart and a clean conscience. fear n guilt r hell. ;^)
@rachelroberts3 cheers uk friend! 
;^}
@byteintoapple that's what the priest said right before he told the alterboy to stop crying and pull up his pants. 
;^&gt;+
@lucifertheevil with a twitter name like that why would anyone take you seriously. news flash. you're worth something! ;^]
@notesy7 good luck in all your future tax audits. i wish you many.  ;^)
@kududufi not what i said. look closer ;^}
@followingsea2 peace is good. that's a nice place to hang ;^&gt;
@notesy7 i have always been one in my mind. ;^j
@followingsea2 i like eckhart tolle and also jeff foster is good. young guy but smart. ;^}
@sthomas141 the key to being funny is in making the audience feel superior to you or someone else. ;^
@gavinmacdougall hi gavin. you did good work. b well!   ;^j
@southernsmash you bet! ;^}
@doggonelovah very much, angie. it was a very original idea and i felt lucky to play a part in it. ;^}
@cullen_cosco nonsence. ;^}
@thunderspud hahaha! good one! ;^*
@thesaidabdi that's in your head too. haha! ;^p
@jay_bopp couldn't ask for a better one. ;^]
@christinabn hi christina. ;^}
@steyards10 i'm sure from your perspective, your right! ;^)
@thesaidabdi the only devil that exists is the one inside your mind when you wish me that. #yfear ;^}
@kinger8689 hey there joshua! ;^)
@cullen_cosco you don't know. neither do i. anything else is arrogence. ;^]
@thesaidabdi i don't think so. but i may. that's ok ;^}
this moment is the eternity we're looking 4.we spend life asking "what else do you have for me?"without openning the gift infront of us. ;^}
@ju_beaulieu  y not. everybodies doin' it. ;^p
the world is beautiful. don't forget to look up now and then. ;^)
maybe my spelling is piss poor because i spell wrong on poorpiss! 
;^*
spelling police! stop harryassing me!
};^o
sorry, i meant to spell, geniasss!
 %^p
@06subie your mother did, from her vagina! ;^p
my twtter ws hacked.4 a yr you've bn talking 2 a woman named cathrine fish frm toluca lake but i agree with everything she says.genious! ;^)
@plumbum821 loooozer. i know that's spelled wrong but i think yew gettt mie meeening. ;^]
@plumbum821 eh-whoal! how's my spelling now? ;^p
mayor villaraigosa and lapd brass aren't gonna keep their wrd abt reward 4 donrner bt every1 who helped will get a free carnival cruise! ;^p
mayor and lapd r now looking for legal loopholes so they can welch on million dollar reward for dorner. ppl may not help them next time. ;^\
i love you all, no matter what!
;^)
i'm gonna sign off before you start takin' me for granted. don't know if i'll be back but...  #yfear   =8^
@reevarcoe there are real thoughts in there ree. look closer. try harder. wakey wakey! ;^p
my sympathy to the 1000 russian ppl who were injured. ;^)
holy crap! i had not heard about the asteroid or meteors landing in russia before i tweeted about asteroids this morning. crazy man. ;^
hahahaha!! wow, that's a good one! bottom line?    #yfear    ;^)
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah---&gt;
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha---&gt;
here's what i find funny.ppl fear that if an asteroid hits us every1 will die but if an asteroid never hits us,every1 will die!get it?!  ;^p
most ppl never get over their fear of the dark and that fear is so easily exploited. =8^
guns have a low spiritual vibration. their record sales r the last gasp of fear and fury frm a culture tht's evolving to a higher place. ;^)
to those who r in love, happy valentines day! to those who don't have that special someone, happy wish i was dead day!  ;^p
to those who r in love, happy valentines day! to those who don't have that special someone, happy wish i was dead day!  ;^p
there's still much 2 b proud of in ths country.4 instance,i hd great sex last night,twice,without a pill,bt let's keep tht between us!  2=^}
state of the union. america has become the biggest gun club in the world and every single day now we are seeing that karma played out.  ;^\
maybe we should bring the troops home from afganistan and send them to chicago.  ;^
wish you all tons of love, folks. ;^}
@janiellano janie!!!!!
@taylorrjoycee i love you 2
@starkid16potter bruno mars and sting and rest. 'could you be love?' marley is essential! ;^)
goin'to walmart today to see if i can buy myself a drone. i just won't feel safe until i have that kind of fire power! ;^p
well,it's bed time. i'm gonna take some ambien get naked and go for a drive or cook my own penis. you just never know with that stuff!  }3^
some think i should just be funny. to them i say, "a good brain can do many things, especially if it's still connected to your heart."  ;^)
@rovibe71 you are misrepresenting me on both counts. wake up and pay attention, donkey boy.  8^p
i'm sorry you're so afraid. ;^}
yes, i agree with the ppl who argue that cars can be as deadly as guns but a car is a lot harder to get through the door of a classroom. ;^]
cardinal mahoney has been released of his duties for protecting child molesters.oh and he has to say 5 our fathers and 3 hail mary's. 8^p&gt;+
noah emmerich is my best friend.great actor and dude.we met when making truman show.his show is called the americans on fx wed at 10pm. ;^]
don't blame beyonce for lipsyncing. when it's cold and dry it's hard to get a smooth vocal sound.that's why i prerecord my armpit farts. ;^p
noise
there will always be ppl with mental issues. it's time to minimize the damage they can do by banning assault weapons. #dotherightthing
the bushmaster rifle is manufactured by cerberus capital management's freedom group. they are now selling this cancer to some other scum.
i hope the end of the myan calender is at least an end to the selfishness that puts assault rifles into the hands of dangerous ppl. enough!
the guns in our homes kill more innocent ppl than criminals, by far.in conn. massacre the guns belonged to his mom,who is also dead now. ;^\
i'm tired of living in fear about the 'fiscal cliff'.i wish i could just sleep until it's all over,but that's when freddy can get ya!  }:^p
archeologists are now saying that the visit of the 3 magi to baby jesus did happen but that the myrrh may have been a regift! o&lt;[];^p
i'd like to wish you all a happy mothers day. what, too early?! o&lt;[];^p
congrats mr. obama! sincerely hope dems and reps can be better dance partners this time out! ;^)
where's my phone? has anyone seen my phone? oh... i'm tweeting on it! nevermind! ;^}
why do ppl wonder if there is life on other planets when the planets, stars and everything in the universe is life. everything's alive! ;^)
i am not jim carrey but he's been a pretty reliable vehicle so far,comfortable yet sporty and  manuverable,fun to drive on or off road.  ;^}
lots of good ppl suffering difficult losses on the east coast. my heart goes out to them. ;^\
everything in life is dancing around on a bed of calm silence.no matter how chaotic the surface is, a stillness lies underneath.s'good. ;^}
if you really study mitt romney's fake humble caring friend to all mankind face, it's hard to miss the glaring insincerity of the man. ;^p
i'm sick of new apple icrap! gee, ihope the new ipad isn't so thin that my finger breaks through when iwipe my apple owned ass with it!  8^q
i don't trust politicians much but i prefer obama.despite insane partisan resistance n enormous challenges he's done surprisingly well. ;^)
time 4 the 3rd debate, the political eqivalent of driving past a street corner several times to make sure u choose the least skanky ho! ;^)
i'm watching the debates to see if romneys face finally cracks off from trying 2 keep the fake ingratiating smile on it.he scares me so! 8^]
funny 2 watch pres debates being promoted like prize fights.gotta keep us interested for 3.can obama come back?was he rope a doppin'?! ;^
i love canada! it's where my #boing was born!  &lt;[];^]
big surprise, kate middleton has breasts! my sympathy to the photographers mother. if only abortion were retroactive. ;^\
violence is how ppl who feel inferior,try to regain their self-esteem but if there is a god,i'll bet he's tired of being their excuse. ;^\
it's getting far too easy to set the world on fire. ;^\
goodmornoonevening world!dogs r manic today.wonder if there's gonna b an earthquake.they're like primitive richter scales.we'll see. ;^
incase i haven't told u lately, i love u all, even if u don't agree with my beliefs. it's a beautiful world and that's what u deserve. ;^)
@janmarie_ there are male hookers too.you're the sexist! ;^p
clint.i love u and i disagree.u can't blame obama 4 wreckage caused by bush when gop made obstructing his progress 'their only concern'. ;^)
there's no lack! my #boing runneth over!  ;^
@thompsonetti there are non leathal forms of protection. ;^)
no semi auto guns!every 2 wks now, another mass shooting.america allowing this behavior is beneath us!revise the second ammendment. 
;^\
hilarious or pitiful? you be the judge. 
;^\
@freekwincy  no, i heard guandi was a pretty good guy. ;^p
@seanhvac24 "love your enemies.turn the other cheek." those aren't my words, sean.i'm just a clown with a stupid red nose.remember? ~;o)
@bigdig10 ;^}
@seanhvac24 your pain and your anger are making you mean, sean. that's what happened to mister holmes. i wish you relief. ~;o)
@freekwincy terrible situation. wonder what guandi would do. ;^}
if u gave some1 a box full of love, there cld b a billion things inside bt i'm pretty sure an ar-15 assault rifle wouldn't be 1 of them. ;^\
the violence within us is being fully exploited by the gun sellers in america.let's end r addiction and entitlement to violence. #greedkills
#goodmornoonevening world! i feel really good today. had a little #boing for breakfast. want some? careful, it may cause enthusiasm.  ;^p
we may not agree on gun control but we can all agree to wish those folks some comfort and healing. that's all that matters right now.
@joeforshore who needs ya. good luck raising your gay child. you will have one cuz that's how god teaches biggots how to love.
@sandradee8478 most ppl don't have guns in england. are they not realistic? enjoy your mayhem, sandra.
my love to the victims in colorado. the kid ws sick bt u who can still support automatic weapon sales r the real maniacs in this country.
american elections 2012 may be giant fundraising scam, tonight on cnn, the worlds first 24hr puppet show! gack!
my favorite part of the turkey is the jive. happy thanksgiving! ?8^)
yesterday, jesus jumped the fence in my backyard and ran across my lawn singing "my father owns this". in my excite...
while asking for a sign from heaven buster became flustered by the persistance of the kissing fish. what does a sig...
while shooting manonthemoon,tony clifton was beloved by all who could stand the smell of limburger cheese. ?;^p
@dreaming_juss sweet ?8^
undeniable!  ?b^&gt;
i'm makin' a few long range plans just in case the myan calender ends on dec 21, 2012 and we're all still here. that sh*t could happen! ?b^
#wisrn  ?b^&gt;
game!   ?b^]
there's a time for every purpose under heaven. a time to laugh a time to cry a time to stop shaving and eat potato chips. ?b^
@annabond ?;^
@alikulov ?;^} the question mark represents my hair, my natural curiosity, and my desire to be a curiosity ?b^
@tweedles3 no you are! ?;^p
@adityaparalkar i know you do and i #spankyoukindly ?;^}
i'm so grateful to all of you. i love you with all of my heart!   ?;^)
goodmornoonevening world and welcome to the game of 'enlightenment' (applause) where contestants move on to higher l...
life's a mirror tht shows us our beauty and blemishes. u either accept wht u see or u end up bloody n praying it doesn't leave a scar. ?b^]
if you haven't seen this yet (
wisdom is quietly speaking 2 u, through everything u see. if you're getting high u may avoid some pain bt you're missing the real show. ?;^]
i was lucky to grow up in canada. even in tough times, there was always so much 2 be thankful 4. i love it dearly! ?:^b
i told my therapist that i was upset because people keep saying i'm crazy so he sent me to this lovely place in the ...
if future historians look bck 2 the blogs of our day 4 reference material it'll be a piss poor account of who we r. or is that who we r ?;^\
yesterday some devil sd i painted sperm on my ny studio bt the sperm is his filth n probably where he and the blogger shld have ended. ?;^]
2 all u bullies out there in wht i now call 'the flogosphere', the abused becomes the abuser so how could i feel anything but pity 4 u ?;^\
can i get some #boing out there?! ?b^@
@rajivcd95 #goodmornoonevening rajiv! being creative is the best gift you can ever have or give to the world. i wish you tons of luck! ?;^d
everything you gain in life will rot and fall apart and all that will be left of you is what was in your heart  ?;^}
you've all been so sweet. i'm a very lucky man! #spankyoukindly ?;^}
this #boing is brought to you by my super smart and beautiful friend jessica. "being open inspires new growth!"   ?;^
#boing an acronym. bouncing on inspiration's neverending geyser, believing only in natures grace, to name a couple. now u try ?;^)
you've hrd me talk abt #boing. many of u ask wht it means bt i'm interested in wht u thnk. so, if u don't mind me asking, wtf is #boing ?;^)
@lovekeanu ...she said to herself and then she went back to envying the dead. ?;^p
@eulogew #spankyoukindly for waitin' helena! b well. ?b^&gt;
be careful. when u send pics or art on yfrog i believe yfrog then owns all rights and are free to sell them for profit. i use 'whosay' ?b^j
@expo45 content you put on yfrog is owned by them. drawings photos. they own full rights. sucks. try 'whosay'. you retain rights. ?;^&gt;
?;^j
@l1nd4_l1verp00l maybe! ?b^&gt;
only silly can fill that void inside u. i am the missing puzzle piece. come to www.jimcarreytrulife.com and fill your #jimshapedhole  ?b^&gt;
happy emmy's.when you're done celebrating good 'old fashion entertainment' i'll b waiting 4 u on the cutting edge
@janerobsonart good havin ya. #spankyoukindly ?;^]
@rtbasschik she's adorable. ?;^)
to thine own #boing be tru! ?b^]
?;^\ new yorkers have a tough rep bt the fct tht so many of'em live so close wthout bashing each other over the head amazes me.way 2 b nyc!
i'd rather be a lion that acts like a monkey than a monkey that acts like a lion. #boing is fearless! ?b^p
@peacefulplace tht's the most important thng! congrats! ?;^&gt;
the jury is in! people think i'm funny and original and they want me to have more stuff! well, the first two parts a...
tonight at midnight, ny time, on www.jimcarreytrulife.com 'something happy for a hard day' let's all find a #unitedstateofgrace  ?;^)
@janerobsonart that was interesting and darkly funny. #spankyoukindly jane! ?b^)
@yourunholyness mom, is that you?;^\
i've always hd infinite creative energy a playful nature n the courage 2 b unconventional bt envious ppl prefer 2 call me nuts. s'ok. ?;^p
check out etonline for a peek inside the church of ffc:
@jarvisbrown86 so tru jarvis! ?;^]
correct my spelling if you want to. my love for u is unkondeeshiannnel! 
?;^p
feast!
@hellen_italia i love italy! ciao bella!   ?b^)
@abueee #spankyoukindly sir! ?b^]
@ifollowthesun__ ?b^}
@955wpljradio #boing scott and todd and #spankyoukindly. visit me at www.jimcarreytrulife.com and fill your #jimshapedholes ?;^
@charliecurrie was it really? meaybe someone should have called my publicist to let me know. ?;^b
#goodmornoonevening world! here's a couple of good links for you. ?;^d
ffc ?b^)
@lico_oo wake up
incase u believe wht u read in papers n blogs i didn't tag my house. it's my art studio, a simple space where i can unleash my #boing  ?b^
the meaning of life is 2 love yourself completely,free yourself and others frm guilt and become totally visible no matter wht the risk. ?;^)
@amberbaran6 glad i could help?
@freakinasshole hint. u will be your twter address. might be time to reprogram. ;^&gt;
@amberbaran6 i have it quite a bit except when i don't. ;^
@amberbaran6 u n me both. ;^)
@jasonsens8tion stop assuming the worst about ppl ;^\
@davhoon nice to meet u 2
@davhoon those r my words
@zeemanrules no matter what the risk. ;^p
@baronblitz then get in the time machine and go back... but keep it runnin'! ;^&gt;
@dibon74 i'm not thrilled with your performance so far either. try harder.
oh, now i remember! forget the past and live in the present! ?;^)
was it the environment? mm mm
was it politics? nooo...
damn! it was something really important!
what was i saying?
um...
so...
@sqne i love you too. very much. ;^)
@nickelberrynsc works 4 me b^]
fill your #jimshapedhole at www.jimcarreytrulife.com you'll spank me! ?b^
@rebeccaclaire76 until you fully recover you should have the word 'should' removed. much love and light. ?;^&gt;
@bloody_rose_gun arrrg... let me go! ?b^&gt;
@catherinesarama responsible largely for enthusiasm.
@teknomentalist i dreamed my mom locked me in a triangular suitcase then died n ws buried holding the key. i woke up n started digging. ;^
@tkdahl411 on twitter, yes
@catherinesarama choclate hs tyrosine in it which is a substance in your brain that is depleated during pms. thus choc cravings. fyi ?;^}
i must be happy cuz the last thing i wanna do is smile. ?b^)
@madison_paije_x ?;^)
or is it hoste or is it hoast or is it howst?;^p
@christinafurche it's only u who's against u. forgive yourself. let go of your guilt. i bet you're a sweet person. that's enough. ;^)
@substitutet were you poking fun at me, manboobs?perhaps u shld gt your ass on a treadmill or chnge your pic b4 u strt hurling insults. ;^p
@curlycarli cool right?;^&gt;
@shiftingpersona #spankyoukindly ;^}
@shellmh #spankyoukindly ;^)
carl anderson singing 'heaven on their minds' frm jesus christ superstar film soundtrack, 1 of the great vocal performances ever. ;^&gt;
@jayckaann 4 real? wow! ;^
@beckyingram ;^
@tasiakat atta girl! ;^}
@marisablake my favorite movie character 2 play is always the next one i do. ;^&gt;
this also bugs me. ppl who say i must have nothin bttr 2 do bcuz i take time 2 twt 2 them. don't they know they're insulting themselves? ;^[
@kayleigh_odell preeshe8 it ;^]
@brianburkebrian show off. ;^)
@lizardqueen3381 #goodmornoonevening heidi! ;^&gt;
@lickle_shrew good one, isn't it? ;^)
ted neeley played jesus in the movie jesus christ superstar directed by norman jewison, f*cking mental giants! correctacons! }8^p
@joao_zanella thank u correctacon
am i fuckin crazy or did ted neeley play jesus  in jesus christ superstar the movie? ;^
listen 2 'lazy' n 'highway star' frm deep purple's 'machine head' album and accept ted neeley as your musical savior. {;^&gt;+
listen 2 'lazy' n 'highway star' frm deep purple's 'machine head' album and except ted neeley as your musical savior. {;^&gt;+
my friends told me i was pixilating. so i went to my doctor and he gave me pristiq. it didn't solve my computer issu...
whn i wrote 'ba ba da ba' btwn courses at 'the little door' resturant, we were no longer in la. we were in oo la la!
wanna see somethin' foolish?
#goodmornoonevening world! those  who lost loved ones in the hurricane are in my prayers. may they find strength and serenity ;^}
are u ready? what i'm about to tweet is definitely no joke.
@wiidney wonderful! #spankyoukindly ;^)
@heydw look closer
let me fill your #jimshapedhole at www.jimcarreytrulife.com ?;^p
my last tweet was a joke baked in an immutable truth that will taste bitter to those who's hearts r sour.
ye of good humor,cast ur nets and ur #boing will b bountiful.rejoice 4 those sharks tht smell blood and seek an easy meal wll b exposed. ;^
the nxt twt is great spiritual advice, with some humor sprinkled gingerly on top.
comics r gettin lots of attn imitating my video on www.jimcarreytrulife.com after this, they'll never forget the name kathy lee griffin. ;^*
the nxt txt is a joke, with a dash of sarcasm and a pinch of irony.
my avatar is the eye in a self-portait called 'what have you done?' an unavoidable question u ask yrslf when u take any creative risk. ?;^p
we are plagued by earthquakes tornados and hurricanes lately. is it the end of times or just god's way of getting rid of the bankers?;^)
this next tweet is a joke with serious undertones.
i hope everyone on the east coast is safe and sound during the hurricane. much love. ;^)
this next tweet is not a joke
@scneck #spankyoukindly cindy! ;^}
last 2 tweets were jokes btw
www.jimcarreytrulife.com finally... a place where i can be misunderstood!!!
?;^}
since when is it everybodies business who i share my inappropriate feelings with over the world wide web at www.jimcarreytrulife.com };^{
@maibrazi #spankyoukindly ;^]
@mellanycoutinho don't ever call yourself that. ;^&gt;
@elenapederson #spankyoukindly ;^&gt;
@reneeolsen85 yer sweet. how old are you, kidding! ;^]
@co2hog you wish ;^)
the press grows hungry. pass the schadenfreude! ;^p
have i entered the enviable realm of the misunderstood?%^&gt;
oh dear... have i become america's new #comedyscapegoat ?8^
is edgy the new creepy?;^\
people often ask me if i'm being funny or serious. the answer is "yes". 
?;^]
#goodmornoonevening world. so much traffic on www.jimcarreytrulife.com that the site has crashed temporarily. back up soon. ?;^\
hahahaha! ?;^p
jim carrey's message to emma stone
@lenafreud inside job. x ;^}
@cjarvis1996 you just did if i remove the first 2 words of your sentence. ;^}
i love myself and i hate myself but god is the deciding vote. majority rules. love wins!
@krinnen no, just more aware of it. ;^&gt;
@almostfamous96 hi ;^)
you can only have what you think you deserve in life. a clean conscience is important. guilt is anti-#boing  ;^p
@static_55 hi dale. ?;^}
@jammerjams you made me laugh. ;^d
i'm not saying twtr's bad but one should take a breath before they type. i want what i say here 2 b truth with clarity and charity. ?;^]
the trble wth twtter is tht because of the device's proximity, thoughts go out unprocessed, without contemplation or consideration. blah ;^q
@angel4brit @olgavoils  i wish you more love than you need. ;^)
@joe_philpott #spankyoukindly {b^
@b_spears_ukrfan so much love for you ukraine! {b^&gt;
@macci_macci i'm right behind you ;^}
@_itsdean i love brazil! }:^&gt;
@picmojackson they're scrambled on blackberry
www.jimcarreytrulife.com real reality. imagine that!  ?8^p
good luck comes when you're feeling free from guilt. ?;^}
www.jimcarreytrulife.com leave your comments, your love's appreciated. cyber-meanies r welcome but remember, i'm rubber you're glue! ?;^p
hey gang, ever wonder what my tru life is like? take a glimpse behind the superhero persona at www.jimcarreytrulife.com  ?;^b
self-love and contentment cannot exist where there is guilt, so forgive yourself. yeah you! ?;^p
@i_venom_x #spankyoukindly ;^&gt;
@shoxy123  preeshee8 it! ?;^)
@aly25  wonderful aly! ?;^&gt;
@cromag77 #spankyoukindly ?;^}
#goodmornoonevening world! i love you all so dearly i can't even tell you! ?;^p
@paulaafernandaa i love brazil right back! ?;^}
#goodmornoonevening world! machu picchu, temple of the sun. (sorry for this) inca redible! ?8^p
machu picchu that is. i plan to climb to the top, say,"how day do dat?" and go home. ?;^}
the andes! ;^
@singram great. give him a hug for me. ?;^}
@mirandafialho yes yes! ;^&gt;
@mukhtarzamo i love you too! ;^&gt;
#doesanyonehavesomethingnewtosay
?;^\
#jimcarreyhelpseduandgetsboingback   ?;^}
@giulliefernande that's wonderful. i got to be with many affectionate people today. give her my love. ;^}
drivin' around rio! visiting futbol fans sing their defiant song of #boing. ?;^&gt;
@glaurius s'nice laurie. ;^}
@acwzywabit i'm in ny because i heard they need another crazy person walkin' around. %^
@stacismail my line! ;^p
@2bellasmommy #spankyoukindly ;^}
someday all that's left is the people you love. have a happy father's day everyone. ;^)
i was ridden by matt lauer and i liked it! giddie up, matt! ?;^
i love vancouver! i love boston! either way, i win and lose!!! it's tearing me apaaaaart!  ?%^p
@natalievana be maple leave it! ;^&gt;
back in the big slice. bringin' the #boing! what the hell am i talkin' about?!  guess i'm all #sexcited to be in ny!...
just did jay leno. had a blast! even gave a little peek at a painting that's been workin on me in my ny art studio. ?;^
suddenly he knew nothing and there was nothing he needed to know. he was back in the garden, needles in the universe...
i am consciousness amusing itself! ?;^
check out the good work the better u foundation is doing in haiti!
@ukcatmann55777 #spankyoukindly buddy! ;^&gt;
@ukcatmann55777 #spankyoukindly buddy! ;^&gt;
#goodmornoonevening world. #boing to your mothers!  ?b^}
@lucasjabur no u r ;^]
@mrslovettspies_ #spankyoukindly ;^)
@whytmage bl#w me. =;^p
@stooby5 uber#boing ;^
@chereliz queen victoria's bday. another great excuse to get drunk and blow sh#t up!  %^}
@laurencemarkham i got it laurence. ;^)
@wenglishpaul yes this is the real jim carrey. is this the real paul scanlon? ;^p
@jjdickyboy #spankyoukindly ;^)
@spunkerd00dle hi!!!!! ?8^d
@laurencemarkham ?b^
my mother told me that if i didn't stop touching the cn tower everyone in canada would go blind. %^}
@drpopsicles hey, great nephew mckenzie. you tracked me down. you da man! see ya at christmas! {b^}
@leggomagreggo you win absolutely nothing. but you're taller than the cn tower in my esteem  8^
can anyone guess where i am? ;^&gt;
holy crap, we were talkin about the rapture and my date just disappeared n i just dropped 500 big ones for dinner an...
@slinky710 maybe it's angels after all! go local 40! ;^
okay, the angel on the roof in my photo today turned out 2 be 2 white cranes but those people crossing the intersect...
@adrianrocky719 shhhhh! stop wreckin' it! ;^&gt;
if by apocalypse they meant sunny and warm with a high of 73 degrees, then they were right, this is the end!!!  %^o
got mobbed by kids at lunch yesterday.food got cold bt my hrt was warm.many cameras there 2 but a little girl captur...
rainy days in ny. time to reflect. ;^)
it's time 4 a quiet flight my friends. until we speak again, may the sun hear u singing and your dark streets be lit...
@lulysierra no ;^\
@jamesw012 hello james. ;^&gt;
@chameleon_pie #spankyoukindly pretty lady. ;^)
@milagros_89 vazqueznico forever! {8^&gt;
@tomybaillieau hi tom! ?;^}
spent the day wth my good frnd matt and his pals at the devereaux glenholme school in conneticut. it ws more #boing ...
@eugemedellin {b^
@sarah_pallinusa unfortunately 4u gov.,bush/cheney can't easily b fogotten.u'd need 2 fnd weapons of mass disfunction 4 tht.love alaska! ;^]
@rachael_ray #spankyoukindly rayray. may your fridge always be full!   ?;^}
wow!dick van dyke said nice things abt me on rachael ray tday.he's 1 of my heroes,a tru comedy master!i'm so gratefu...
@specialkstyles yes it is ;^&gt;
i got your batman, right here!!!  (8)^p
no one recognizes my leg. it's  incog knee toe. what do you want i'm tired. 8^\
i've created a non lethal gun 4 law enforcement. i call it the 'foggit' bcuz it causes loss of memory and mental...u...
i've created a non lethal gun 4 law enforcement. i call it the 'foggit' bcuz it causes loss of memory and mental...u...
@sueoufa who isn't? ;^]
@blaqspot612 #boing ;^&gt;
@jluvin79  buddah was #boing itself ;^)
after 9 hrs of painting. {b^&gt;
@amandalouisi_ #spankyoukindly ;^)
i love your #boing! ~8^}
@cristinathfics #spankyoukindly cristina  ?;^}
@spedspedding sorry you're in pain.
i make fun of paparazzi(cyclops)cuz they sometimes coz me discomfort bt i love'em as mch as i love any1 else on #thebigblueball.#boing [o]^&gt;
@cainester i'm boring, yet you're watching. what's that say about you, mr. excitement? ;^p
paparazzi [o]^\ and cyclops [o^\ look slightly different yet both struggle with depth perception. {bbbb^&gt;
@ghostlygunner #spankyoukindly ;^&gt;
@pigging rt your #boing is emmense! everything in the universe is contained within it! =^
@narrativeartist if that's your painting it looks great. {b^&gt;
@coerciveaxe26 later! ;^&gt;
@ohsophietaylor sounds like fun. i'll be right over! ;^
@dazzamania1980 i'm gratified by that! ;^&gt;
yesterday i tried to take a pic of the paparazzi that i have inherited here in ny but i left the lens cap on. guess ...
@liz_an_ne so sweet! ;^&gt;
welcome the new velvet underground. i had no idea tht my hand was there. honest. {b^&gt;
@axis1967 nothing deeper
#boing  a state of conciousness tht exists b4 everything good tht'll ever b given 2 u n everything meaningful u'll ever do. find #boing ~8^&gt;
@changingstigma being present is not possible without #boing ;^}
i believe in #boing!!!!!!!!!!  ~8^&gt;
...or huggin' and kissin'!!!
...or singing!!
...why we'll never stop laughing!
...what walks you through the worst of it.
...what can open a flower.
#boing is ;^&gt;
@myallegiance #boing is
the antidote
@telbaker you tell me! ;^
@cjs444 guilt is anti#boing
@phatbeckom1973 double #boing ;^&gt; 8^}
@whineaway rise up and let your #boing be heard angel! ;^&gt;
@louisewalkley ;^)
@cjs444 remember when you were kind?
@eddicito #boing eddie! ;^
@neednewspace love it. #spankyoukindly ;^)
@piedude4321 wow! #spankyoukindly 8^&gt;
@pickles874 #boing pickles! ;^)
@itstroyer take this #boing with you! ;^&gt;
@judybabineau007 big #boing aldershot! ;^)
@nuddjelson nobody can make you sad but you.  embrace your #boing ;^&gt;
@nicholasaylward whatever gets you through the night! ;^)
@evilghettobarbi what's good? brown sugar! {b^&gt;
@louisewalkley if you try to explain #boing it disappears! ;^)
@janetthull sing it! ;^0
@carrickaidan i think what you meant was 'you're'. who's the loser now? ;^&gt;
@tracyhilton79 fear is a yawn ?;^o)
@laurenkatee hi lauren's little brother! got #boing?!  };^)~
@epic_burp you still here? #boing then! ;^
@litteacher76 #boing to the whole class then!  ?;^&gt;
@epic_burp seeya! ;^&gt;
@tracyhilton79 don't be afraid of love. ;^)
@nebula_blazer #boing australia! ;^0
@amye312 #boing beautiful! ;^&gt;
i love the smell of #boing in the mornoonevening! #spankyoukindly ?;^)
@fredrikbhaugan you're important to me too, fredrik! can i get a #boing? ;^)
@laura_sensei japan #boing #boing #boing #boing #boing! =^o)
@aizadnan what isn't #boing? %^&gt;
@alvard le#boing {b^&gt;
@jayminawala #boing india! ;^)
@felwah92 #boing {b^&gt;
@_edgeimagery yo brisbane! #boing {b^&gt;
@conorbraiden95 #boing norther ireland! ;^}
@rebecca_huggins #boing {b^&gt;
your #boing is unbelievable!!! 8^]
@emi_lala wow! #spankyoukindly ;^)
@thomaswanhpls #spankyoukindly sir. ?;^b
@derrekbgn #boing nova scotia! ;^&gt;
#goodmornoonevening world!!! can i get a big fat global #boing ?8^}
@robbyhbk13 no sweat, bro! ?;^b
@upthedarlo cheers! ?;^}
@robbyhbk13 that was real man! you blacked out under pressure and i dropped you off at home. glad you're ok. that was a close one! ?8^&gt;
@redsunyogini it's a joke
take a load off lady liberty. smoke'em if ya got'em!  ?b^&gt;
#whatiseerightnow {b^&gt;
@caragleeson ;^&gt;
@helenmacpherson rt of course i love the uk! it's like a box of chocolates filled with #boing deeeelicious! cheers ?;^b
@el_sayido #spankyoukindly  ?;^&gt;
@aaron_fraser yer mean
@harringtonian hilllllarious! ;^d
@dianaumum i love you too! {b^&gt;
@mmcartee yep.
@owen__then no. i believe he's dead. if they were faking it they wouldn't be leaving crashed 'stealth helicopters'. ;^\
we've alrdy seen tht a bin laden pic can easily b faked.fams of 911 victims shld view it privately,if they wish.this is 4 others --&gt; []q;^&gt;
@jonboy4343 love yourself. you're better than that. ;^)
@kk05533 #spankyoukindly {b^&gt;~
@emirmetovic hi buddy! ;^&gt;
@diana785 i love you too. so much! ;^)
@mistervizard yes. i love you! you are my friends! ;^)
@rafael_chediak hi venezuela! ?;^&gt;
funny,my name #jimcarrey is trending n yet i don't feel all tht different.i am fully erect bt that's pretty normal 4 this time of nght. ?;^p
correction. buried at 'sea', rather.
i hope it's him but they already buried the body at see, so i guess we'll have to take their word 4 it. what can they compare dna to?  ?;^\
@judydarkenstar f#%k no! ;^#
roaming the streets of nyc tonight, a little melancholic. you know, the kind of lonesome that feels necessary becaus...
@kat77 still breast feeding. ;^
@gemmahoppus big feet and everything else that comes with that! {b^&gt;
@scott_james77 is your name 'v' by any chance?  {b^&gt;
somebody twted tht if i talk abt the monarchy i'll end up in the tower but i know how 2 get out. why, through the gift shop of course! {];^d
yes! pippa's hot too!  ;^7
@bigjohnmcveigh good lookin too! ;^&gt;
@bigjohnmcveigh good lookin too! ;^&gt;
@jnsholland queen of hottness!
@acipatlic4n piss off
@dannylobell i'll pay double! ?:^&gt;
last night i dreamt a maniac was outside my house but he was made of gold so i let him in and he took my soul. kinda m. night shamylan! ?;^\
@remusiklupin hi there! =8^&gt;
@lisa2hot2handle i you don't see a door open your eyes. ;^}
the easter carnage continues. someone call csi and make me a dentist appointment while you're at it!  ?;^b
@rachel__lambert everything you want is waiting in escrow for you to believe you already have it. ;^)
someday soon i'll show you the rest of me.  {b^&gt; :
penguins r untrainable, so in my new film 'mr. poppers penguins' we used weiner dogs in penguin suits. sorry, that was a lie. june 17 (8&gt;{o;
@blondie9x #boing blondie! {b^&gt;~
penguins r cool. {8&gt;{o;
painting my #boing, in nyc. oh my, i think i mighta got some on me!  {b^&gt;~
@alexbluses hi! ;^&gt;
saw 'mr. popper's penguins'. it's just what the world needs right now, global cooling! june 17th. (8&gt;{o; (8&gt;{o; (8&gt;{o; (8&gt;{o; (8&gt;{o (8&gt;{o;
@beerslayer863 #boing isn't afraid to swim in the deep end! rock'n'roll! {b^o} hoochy coo!!!
@greenbergmusic jane is my daughter but thanks 4 the compliment! ;^&gt;
@deathbyruru i agree. but they may miss the big show! %^p
@tarikkharabsheh untrue! really! ;^]
there is no high that can beet my #boing! =8^&lt;;
@imgnarly nothing's better than being awake! ;^)
there's some fakery on the internet abt me endorsing the use of dmt. f#%k dmt n any other drug that alters pure concsiousness awareness. ;^p
@lea27998 hello! ?;^]
goodmornoonevening world! can i get a little #boing  ?8^}
@janetthull it's just a jump to the left...   = ;^}
my appearance in "funny or die's presidential reunion" is up for webby award! vote for me if it moves u or behooves u!(webby.aol.com) =;^p
@ecuamoose sing it till they kick you out! =;^p
@linneamehler hi linnea. it's really me. all the love in the world belongs to you. take it and run!  ?;^)
@emilykm sing it! {b^o)
@megaramcgregor hi darlin' =8^&gt;
@iseemorethanyou good on ya! ;^&gt;
"they come to build a wall between us. you know they won't win!" crowded house #boing =;^o&lt;;
hope walks through the fire. faith leaps over it. magic happens when you stop hoping and start knowing. =;^)&lt;;
'i love you phillip morris' won the glaad media award for 'outstanding film'. spankyou kindly!  =;^)
@kristad24 hello krista. =;^}
@veg4snine very cool man. spankyou! {b^&gt;~
tnight i had a kiss tht reached across 3000miles.i pressed my lips agnst the screen as if there was no space btween
@princesshulia i'm sure it will be hard to miss. love from the americas!
{];^&gt;
@serenade22 hi beautiful. ;^}
@saratj3 i'm sorry you're hurting ;^\
goodmornoonevening world! last night i dreamed that william and kate eloped and all the vendors wept!  ?;^\
@eplusjo do it!
@danielbaldwin "all of the sudden i'm closer 2 the end thn 2 the beggining n dth has become a percievable thing wth definable features" bro!
sydney lumet the mystro behind several of the greatest movies ever made, including my fave 'network', has passed on! he was a treasure! ;^)
@arnobv so will u
@karilatorre87  ?;^)&lt;;
i am a paintbrush. 
okay! i'm ready for the end of the world. let's do this.  ?;^)
goodmornoonevening world! find your #boing and use it to make beautiful footprints!  =8^)
@josepenajr google burton goldberg. order dvd of 'curing depression'
@chellebelle_83 went there every year when i was a kid! much love. ;^&gt;
the only problems we have are self-loathing and the ways we abandon ourselves because of it. embrace your #boing   ?;^p
@finnhenning hi norway! {b^&gt;~
@redhaired31 ;^&gt;
goodmornoonevening world, and peaceful ppl of every faith!  ?;^}&lt;;
@robertunkle i said "in faith" not in libraries. shhhhh, people are actually reading the tweets. ;^)
@eddicito thx. back to ya! ;^&gt;
@fruitpunched hi bud! ;^&gt;
@jimfo it is when you know what the result will be
@audrey_m_ wouldn't it? ;^
fundamentalism in any faith is just another way the ego causes separation and violence between us.  ?;^&gt;
@c_riv mhm ;^]
i believe pastor terry jones is a threat to our security and should be on trial 4 manslaughter. fear + god will never add up 2 love.  }:^0&gt;+
@stephengirgis that's where the a wave of art inspiration will come from. it's one of the few upsides to hard times.
@thelilradish xo
@gautrr987 not unless they pay me
@lundeby84 fear will not diswade me!
mmmmm... it's heaven waking up beside you! let's just call in sick and make love all day...after we brush our teeth of course!  ?;^b)
goodmornoonevenight world! =8^}
@babydoc1022 #boing
@krisnamezza wonderful thankyou
@vampireharpie painting acting dreaming eating ect.
@tokiohotel_mtv hi
@pauletapple i live on earth
@nicksan_ call me lazarus
@bonobo_monkey go monkey go
@oli_kolbas super talented guy
@teenybk and the beat goes on
there's no such thing as a nasty girl  just injured ones
the image of myself on my homepage is slowly growing a dark beard. asalamalakum! ?;^)}}}
wanna see inside my brain? www.jimcarrey.com is a close approximation! watch yer' step! it's a loooong way down! ?;^p
snl wig fitting or a mean joke they play on the host? you decide! and happy new year btw. ?;^p
thank you blake edwards for making us laugh hard! you were just what we all needed. ?:^)
#iloveyouphillipmorris nominated for a vh1 critics' choice award for best comedy! check it out! (
hey chicago, dc, boston, philly, dallas, houston, phoenix, nyc, la, & sf: #ilovephillipmorris rams it home for the holidays! #boing! ?;^p
i'm thankful 4 the love of my family 
and 2 the native americans who invited us 4 dinner and let us take their stuff! happy spanksgivin! ;^
build a better universe! www.betterufoundation.org sustainable and transformational ideas that help people empower themselves. ?;^j
@stickyshorts go get'em! ;^]
?=^b}
there are ways to kill the twittering bird on jimcarrey.com, in every place it appears. but it will return... cuz it's on a loop. =:^b}
@redsunyogini if empiness is godliness and godliness is emptiness where will we put our stuff? i need a space. ;^
@look4pro beautiful child. ;^)
@chriswright1963 spankyou! ;^&gt;
@gdecker6 no such thing as emptiness. just space! ;^)
#wisrn =;^]~ a glimpse of my bold new reality
check out www.jimcarrey.com. sss'awesome! ?;^j
dinner with judd apatow, ben stiller. 
goodmornoonevening world! this is #wisrn =b^&gt; 
@pinxjordan ~&lt;%|?&lt;{^&gt;~ how's that critic?
@caligula8109 swing it thor! };^o
@adamfredie #boing ;^&gt;
@tothemystery hi mystery! ;^
@saladnpie hello cesar ;^&gt;
@dafni_ma you're very pretty dafni. ;^)
@jessytot hi. ;^p
@s1nnerofsa1nts what's up hot stuff? =8^b}
shot we just did on 'mr. poppers penguins'. "wow" was all i could say! good thing cam's on back of my head!  ?;^q
goodmornoonevening world! this is #wisrn 
@yeseniafelix hiiiii! ):^&gt;
#wisrn =8^)
@roximib that really made me happy! thanks! that's what i was like as a kid! b well!  ;^j
@seanieprawn new york at sunset, sean. ?;^
just vitamins. "go ask alice when she's ten feet tall!" }%^&gt;
just vitamins. "go ask alice when she's ten feet tall!" }%^&gt;
#wisrn 8^\
#wisrn ;^} that's academy award winning make-up man billy corso playing with david schwimmer's face on photo shop
@danowen79 see ya! ;^p
@lovelifearch multiply that by the square root and divide it by the common denominator times x. sorry if i spoiled the suprise. 8^}
watchin' a man in the park bouncing a soccer ball to his son! #boing ;^)
@loveleekimber me too! weird!! 8^p
@donnaperth #boing perth! %^&gt;
@neonellie ?;^}
@bossngheated101 sweet, man! 8^o
@sahlavern back to ya! ;^&gt;
@cwltms have some of mine! #boing 8^p
@darthkijan spank you! ;^]
@shellavision s'nice! 8^)
@scorpionsting77 happy#boingday! ~%^&gt;
@drinknomore hey that star's gettin' pretty close! 8^
@thejhm b e a utiful! ?;^o
@cherishbloom 8^
@annabellekwok it do! it do! ;^&gt;
@kellymarques81 hello honey ;^]
@rob_canning_78 #boing is about bouncin' this big blue ball around, rob!  %^}
@vixuk82 i like yours too ;^)
@philip1002 cool ;^&gt;
#wisrn ?;^o}
@cocoreico 8^
@taysemenova yummyyyyy! 8^d
@keemorn good 1 ;^)
@cajphotography mhmm {b^&gt;~
@abdelng hi buddy! ;^&gt;
#wisrn (what i see right now) 8^&gt;
#wisrn :^
goin' to promote 'i love you phillip morris' today. great film!!! just practicing. ;^p
@herocake order me some fries! i'll be right over! {8^b]
#wisrn &gt;b^}
2 the pple who design shallow toilets. just because u have a tiny penis doesn't mean the rest of us should have 2 dunk r junk!  ;^\ : - x
@angelkiss555 s'nice! }^]
embracing our true self by paul ferrini. incase you interested. ;^p
@carterrena thankyou tamicka! you're really cute, too! ;^)
@sethevans you get the other two, i'm there! %^&gt;
@debnord that's a terrible story. ;^&lt;
@smezza we can rebuild you! we have the technology!  ;8^]-
#wisrn ;^&gt;
get that butt down soldier! 'don't ask, don't tell!' [:^o] (@modernsophist)
@venusire hello area 51  c:^'
everyone drop and give me twenty! and i want pictures, maggots!  [ }:^o]
wow!  my legions are more prepared than i though! eeeeeeexcellent! remember, this is just between us! 
@rossco1874 yer funny! ;^d
s'brooklyn bitch! };^/
#wisrn (what i see right now.  ;^0
#wisrn ;^p
#wisrn 8^}
#wisrn ;^
@spottedinsoho #wisrn 
what i see right now. ;^/
@artbyclaire that's lovely claire. thx! ?;^)
you are the wind beneath my #boing. ;^)
been to jimcarrey.com lately? see if you can find the hit musical all of broadway is talking about, "nail that snail!" s'neat! ?;^j
@deboratrilegal thankyou debora. big #boing to you! ;^)
happy birthday, jenny!  ;^ ~=)))
build a better universe! www.betterufoundation.org sustainable and transformational ideas that help people empower themselves. ?;^j
just saw social network. great flick! dialogue rocked! :^}
it's not too late to come to my friend judd's benefit! oct 29 in la. tix @ www.826la.org laughs and good karma in one night! ?;^p
come see my friend judd's benefit! see garry shandling, hear randy newman, take a whiz w/ @azizansari! oct 29 in la. tix @ 826la.org
scene i wish was in the movie '2001'. "what are you doing, dave?""i'm putting you to sleep, hal.""dave... will i drool?" [;^]
rubics cube pantomime keeps my comic sensibility sharp. 
friday night in nyc. a giant aching mass of  impulse and apatite speeding toward the dawn again! you're a wild one!
twitter has ended it's sordid affair with justspotted.com, so happily, we'll be able to continue our chat! safely! i'm in chicago btw ;^p
twitter! giving away the whereabouts of your patrons starts a dangerous precedence. i may have 2 take my #boing elsewhere. free truman! ;^o
i want to send a big shout of joy to the chilean miners and their families! que el resto de sus vidas seran bendecidas! o;^)
oh, i get by with a little #boing from my friends! 
goodmornoon evening world! if you show me your #boing i'll show you mine! %^&gt;
hope walks through the fire but faith leaps over it. i prefer the latter. what i want already is! ssssssss'done! ?;^&gt;
saw roger waters tonight at madison square gardens doing the wall. "mother will she tear your little boy apart?!" brilliant forever! ~8^o
forever may you #boing  ;^
#boing! 8^ &lt;---zombie emoticon!
the season is upon us! i don't eat sugar but i do like to hang with zombies! avoid oral sex with vampires!
light! sssss'good!
okay! we did our dirt! now we'll see what grows! 8^ www.betterufoundation.org
today i wanna change the world just a tiny little bit. game on world hunger! };^o
check out my huff post today: please rt ;^d
did you know that i'm speaking on a panel with the us secretary of agriculture about growing rice at the clinton global initiative on 9/22?
did you know that 10-20% of the worlds methane emissions come from rotting rice roots because the plants are grown in standing water?
goodmornoonevening world! were u wonderin' where i've been? did u think i lost my #boing? not in this life, brotha!
where has all this #boing gotten u jim and what have u done to that painting?  {b^j
where'd you go jim? what are you doing with those wire cutters? ;^
@sweetnclassy9 yes! ;^&gt;
@brand7xx i once was lost but now i'm #boing ;^
@chereliz yer sweet belleville. ;^)
@dantzlerjason that's heaven you're describing! 8^j
any #boing of yours is a #boing of mine! {b^)
@__tolga__ wonderful ;^&gt;
@luckylid88 i'm glad you enjoy my enjoyment! my #boing as it were! ;^j
gonna show the paintings on jimcarrey.com soon as i can with my own little making of films. sss'gonna be good! {b^j
@taniamjb wow! that was formidable! humbly i return your #boing ;^)
painted a man running in flames cause he can't live in a shelter. it's meaning has not yet occurred 2 me but i'm sure it's a good thing! ;^)
#boing world! every single thing seen and unseen is you, don't shoot! ;^o
the next thing that happens to you is exactly what you need! all roads lead to #boing ;^)
@nycstreetdancer i love that song! ;^&gt;
@yerracmij no u are! #boing {b^j
@kathpe the beatles! {8^o  {3^o  }:^/  {;^j  here comes the #boing doot'n doodoo!
@jo_cosmicmate everything! ;^)
@kathy_omfg your chili is inspiring! now you'll #boing from both ends! ;^&gt;
@flapackfan u have it! #boing! ;^&gt;
@yankeegirl51680 happy #boing day! %^p
@ginam117 spank you kindly gina! ;^&gt;
@bradbruce00 amen! ;^d
@razmataz72 i played pinky tuscadero! :^({)}3
@1_wave no i don't, but then again... (emerson a few seconds later)
@jellybone #boing my friend #boing! ;^&gt;
@mzbrendal u 2 brenda! ;^)
wow...i get so excited when u show me your #boing ! i believe that fate is kind 2 a childlike heart! ye who has #boing will be blessed! ;^d
@ebulliencepress affirmed! #boing ;^&gt;
@sincomplejos #boing ;^)
@wickdaman merlin would be proud of your #boing!   }:^j
anyone out there care to #boing right now?!  ~8^j
@jannahtesl cute. care to #boing? ;^/
@adore_mj #boing 8^j
@caroleannmarie have you learned about peptides and how the learn and seek familiar behavior. they talk about it in 'what the bleep'. ;^)
i #boing, therefore i am! ~8^}
@kinzebee your first and second toe must spend a lot of time together. it's best if they have something in common. ;^&gt;
@itchypink i'm glad for you. ;^)
let's all find something 2 love about ourselves 2day.4 instance i rock in every way, times infinity but u can start with something small ;^)
#boing #boing we can bounce this big blue ball?!  %^&gt;
#boing won't you bounce this big ble ball?!
#boing ~8^}=; 
#boing 
#~8^}boing!!!  
;^) 
;^) 
;^) 
;^) 
;^) 
;^) 
;^) 
;^) 
#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing .okay seriously i'm goin'! g#boing! i mean g'bye!!! ;^&gt;
what profit a man, 2 gain the world and lose his #boing ? i'm leaving the the stream 4 a few days! i love u all! see ya when i see ya! ;^)
@_berenike so glad u like it! long may u #boing ;^)
@shaemaree93 here, u can use mine till u get yours back! #boing ;^&gt;
@emanuellenery i love brazil!  %^&gt;
@deakula rt i couldn't have said it better myself! 8^o^8
@ozone503 peace on earth {b^|
you :^|^: me
@ozone503 that's right i just made that up. 'couldn't mike a dime' and you wanna use it! you know you do! {b^j
@ozone503 i read your grime,now it's takin time 2 remove the slime,couldn't mike a dime cause it didn't ryme!it's a hole in the ozone!b^p
sorry some of u didn't get my pic. it was only the most amazing picture ever posted!no it was just a fun little pic filled with #boing! %^j
it's odd when u catch a glimpse of your #boing in a fun house mirror but u can't enter a fun house without it! %^&gt;
imagine if this hacker put his/her talent 2 some worthy use. they could 1 day have more than a false sense of superiority. they'd #boing ;^&gt;
#boing doesn't take pleasure from kicking over other peoples' sandcastles! ;^|
to those who r thrilled about being able to make me follow them, congratulations,you get the golden yawn award, 4 valuable time wasted. ;^q
@alexraz the secret to my #boing is... nutmeg! shhhhh! ;^
@jenickawynne i like them pink headed canadian. for that i draw you #boing ~8^|)=;
$;^({})3 &lt;--hot mom with fake boobs, big lips and an expensive hair dew!
i wrote that joke 4 mother's day. #boing to u mothers! ;^*
no 1 told my mom smoking cigarettes during pregnancy was bad 4 the fetus. luckily the fluid in her womb made'em impossible 4 me to light ;^/
@oneinamelia and broken ;^&gt;
@firetown i can quit anytime i want (jitter jitter twitch twitch) %^}
@jcofluffy spank you kindly megalips! ;^m
@tru_enygma i really didn't know the pic would go out but you helped everyone feel good! it was meant to be! your loved! ;^&gt;
@carolynalicea i love you too! ;^&gt;
@fullmntaljacket the unbearable lightness of #boing! %^d
@tru_enygma it's not the rest of the world. we're all you anne. ;^)
looks pretty! anything out of the norm can bring you #boing! that's how ben franklin studied! twitter distracting?
@born2hayt sorry i couldn't get chillowack clearence! ;^p
there is no one better than you in this world! every1 is broken! don't worry!
@couchmaster yo aldershot high! %^d
@tru_enygma ;^)
@dboy_24_7 u first. what do you think #boing means? ;^)
@mrsmayer202 no. i lived there until i was 4 and then moved to willowdale. learned to ride my two wheel #boing there, though. ;^)
do you realize, that you have the most beautiful #boing ? {b^q
@patrickmcdaniel way to #boing! %^&gt;
@juanglvn you will fly higher than normal! you will smile when someones baby cries in the next row. you will make a friend be4 u land! ;^)
@elegantscalis and to you too! spank you kindly! ;^)
4ever #boing world! ~8^}
@innercreation and the #boing bounces right back to you understanding one. %^&gt;
@cynthiahorton #boing #boing #boing! ~8^}
@nowthatsamatt "let's shoot pple to the moon on a rocket!" a lot of wonderful ideas sound insane! ;^)
@barretoleandro be well friend! much #boing. {b^j
@ms_tko well then my #boing floweth over, dear lady! help yourself if you like! ;^&gt;
@kirahutchens i want to know myself completely. yes ;^)
@mindreader_ i like to read your tweets. your thoughtful. are you kind? ;^)
@audreymennas preeshee8 the #boing {b^j
@pinkys_mama don't play hard to #boing! %^&gt;
@ringadinggirl spank you kindly! much #boing ;^d
@bfree4eva hope it still brings the #boing %^&gt;
@eplusjo betty has #boing! {b^)
@graecie u are all equally special. all have #boing ;^)
@danielbolger your a neet guy daniel. #boing ;^&gt;
@ulistenin no1 is alone! ;^)
@denisemsmith no. you're free too! ;^)
@carolmemartin i already have all of u, beauty! ;^)
i know that i will never belong 2 any1 because i am meant 2 shine within and upon every face i meet! i am #boing and i am free 2 shine! %^d
thanks nyc! it was loads of fun! now i'm going back to la to weigh myself!
i mingled wth the flwrs at rose bar jingled wth singles at provocateur and released the kraken in a throbbing ny organism called pacha! #%^}
happy mothers day 2 my daughter jane, her mom,jenny and all the soft sweet cuddly cozy beings of life giving light!we owe u everything! ;^)
@borakrc @outacontext o^\
i #boinged all night in new york! dancing like an oil fire that cannot be capped! at 1 point i lost my form and became a dodecahedron! [%^!
@makkapekka hearts on beaches get swept away to quick! %^]
@angeesperance #boing ;^&gt;
@belua_v spank you kindly. [:^}
@dazza246. #boing is the energy that inspires! the feeling you have as you read this is #boing. bounce it back! %^&gt;
here's another glimpse at my new painting 'heart upon re-entry'. my #boing is on fire in tribeca!!! }:^&gt;~
here's another glimpse of 'heart upon re-entry'. my #boing is on fire in tribeca! }=^&gt;~
@kevinquillen that made me laugh! %^&gt;
@abcdariu yip! ;^&gt;
@adriaan76 open your eyes cyclops! %^\
three days ago i watched someone buy a picasso at christies here in ny for 106.5 million. i wonder what it's worth today! %^
think i stay up late in la?the monalisa's and mad hatters of nyc are used 2 uberstimulation.they #boing while others sleep!so be it {b^&gt;
@spicygoddess double #boing!!! %^&gt;
@kitty_b_good #boing believes in u! ~8^}=;
the jane carrey band brings the #boing @dakotalounge 5/15. 1st time back since birth of lil' poptart! tickets:
yeah,#boing! jimcarrey.com just won the 2010 webby award and i'm holding u pple responsible! spank you kindly! ;^)
sorry forgot to send the pic. here it is! 
look who i'm hang' with! jean-michel basquiat! the man's had much #boing ~8^}=&lt;;
@green_tuxedo rt if ny is the big apple la is massive habanero! %^&gt;
the #boing apple! ssss'beautiful!!! %^&gt;
@helenaechelon #boing it is!  {b^&gt;
@rtbasschik rt i know that 4 sure! i love ny. ;^* &lt;--that's me kissin' it!
@stefberry everything needs to be touched!! #boing ;^)
this is the only #boing i can show u now, but when it's done u'll see it in fast motion at jimcarrey.com {b^  
@te_lucky sure. #boing {b^&gt;
#boing world! it has begun. the painting that 8 my living room,has begun! i'm going to be possessed by it now until it's finished! {b^&gt;
@lestermarshall you're my friend too lester. be the #boing ;^)
peyton reed friend and director of 'yes man'. lotta los feliz #boing here! jealous? {b^j
here's e and me. 
e from the eels who's new album 'end times' is available on itunes takes the croquet match. he brought the #boing! ~8^}=;
@breen_jimmy got it. croquet! spank you kindly! ;^
you guys are as confused as i am! hahaha!!! have you lost your #boing?!  =%^(b)
or croshay? or kroasheh? or quro ahh fuggit! i wish i had that mallet right now. i'd find the guy that came up with that name n #boing }%^\
wait is it croce? ;^\
croquet is what i meant but i do enjoy knitting! may i crochet you all a #boing, or is that wrong too? screw it! ~%^[=;
@sarahrodenbaugh u can #boing with no hands but to each her own #boing! ~8^}=;
@ankh_tygababe   yeeeeahhh, #boiiiinnnnggggg!!!! ~8^}=;
gotta #boing guys!said 'yes' 2 crochet 2day!i knocked my cousin's teeth out with 1 of those mallets 38yrs ago.he stood right behind me! %^q
@cateechelon #boing ;^d
@nocapricho @mairimba #boing brazil! {b^&gt;
@thinkzebrasinc love and joy are not ridiculous! i wish you #boing %^&gt;
now we're bouncin' our big blue ball, #boing #boing! i love to hear your #boing #boing y'all!!! {b^v
@batool7assan well, here's a hint. your tw't was anti#boing {b^p
@samlove23 i am the wall, the floor the ceiling and all contained there in, sam! u 2 #boing ;^j
everybody say #boing #boing %^&gt;
@irenemathi times a million! here's one for you. #boing ;^&gt;
@morphicdreams i need my #boing but you can see it in the movies! ~8^}
@dafnima "you had me at"... oh sh*t, one of my exes said that! 8^j
@factualfiction s'nice. ;^)
@bortology maybe you just so fake you don't recognize normal. #boing snap! ;^p
@alice_maylily that part was a joke. it was just kinda sad but now my #boing is back. ;^&gt;
@tyrobertson ~8^}
@icravemorehead thank you fine brown! {b^j
@dustinevans1 no problem man. i'm sorry too. much #boing ;^)
@beef_tongue fck u
@revvmaster carmen had #boing. i love you too! ~8^}=;
@sofflowers i love all that i paint sofia because all that i paint is #boing! ~8^}=;
@navnidhi #boing ~8^}=;
@gauthamag23 # boing then! ;^&gt;
@harry_amon scuse me, while i kiss the #boing {b^
@ethicspiedpiper ~8^}=;
@digidot preeshee8 your #boing ~8^}=;
@harry_amon that was some serious #boing man! hadn't seen that jimmy footage! preeshee8 it! ~8^}=;
@hollyboo2583 i love you too! #boing. ~8^}=;
@sandrayala so glad to make you #boing sandra! ~8^}=;
@tyrobertson google burton golgberg.'curing depression'. drugs are anti#boing. but you have to get off safely! much love! ;^)
@tyrobertson no such thing as can't feel. fear i'll explode if i feal is the truth. have the courage 2 scream and cry and #boing comes! ~8^}
@dustinevans1 #boing by the way! %^p
@dustinevans1 u wear that cowboy hat so people won't know you're bald! there's a point! anti#boing {b^j
@chocoway love you too maggie, and so does #boing ~8^}=;
@inalundekvam quantitatively, #boing is infinite! ~8^}=;
@tcosmanj preeshee8 it mate! #boing ~8^}=;
@mindreader_ i wish that 4 u! #boing ~8^}=;
@anty1sawesome ~8^}=; happy #boing day paul!
~8^}=; #boing is a noun and a verb. eg. i #boing because i have #boing! #boing y'all...for it is boing that bounces the big blue ball! ;^)
this is what #boing looks like  ~8^}=;  he's the little squeek in your chest when you get excited about something or someone.then u #boing
@adrienedrica it's on itunes. much #boing to you! ~8^}=;
@toe102 @ohpleaselikejoe no... if fact if #boing isn't bounced around it dies and so does the big blue ball! {b^)
@ohpleaselikejoe are you... seducing me corinna?! {b^* #boing is in the air!
that's right. i spelled my own name wrong. i meant gymkareeee.com! can someone spell check that! {b^/
@drunkentigerjk i think you're great! #boing ;^)
glad you're enjoying jimcarry.com. it's a labor of love and it's about to go to a whole new level...of #boing that is!  ~8^}=;
@robertabyrne1 we are. thx ;^)
@elizastuddert monet's my very favorite painter! the light in his painting is #boing! ~8^}=;
goodnighmornoonevening!!! pass the #boing amongst yourselves! ~8^}=;
@joeygj4g i was honest about how i feel. ;^)
@stevevantine some day soon the #boing will be revealed! preeshee8  your vote of confidence! ;^&gt;
i have no idea what i'm going to paint.my subconscious mind will have it's way,no doubt and there will be #boing involved! ~8^}?=;
start my enormous painting tomorrow!recording it in stop frame photography so u guys can watch all the #boing in mins on jimcarrey.com =%^}
friday was filled with #boing! i finished building and priming a wood surface the size of my living room wall to start a huge painting! {b^
@fatchickinla what?! i can't hear you! your too lower case!you should use caps! oh...and kiss my ass!!! %^*
@modelsupplies you got it. thanks for bouncin' it to me! you #boing {b^&gt;
there's a new sexual superhero in town!his name is 'cornicopious'!coming 2 a threesome near u!bring a friend!
@polo_of_america sss'nice #boing ;^&gt;
@centralasian13 you're not stupid. it'll come to you, and when it does, #boing ;^&gt;
i created a sexual superhero that i introduced to the live conan crowd and the #boing went bananas!
the jane carrey band brings the #boing @dakotalounge 5/15. 1st time back since birth of lil' poptart! tickets:
@juhotunkelo #boing then jedi knight! }^&gt;
@gregohara if u cannot feel the #boing u are not yet a jedi! ;^]
@michlanthysmith oh your good michael but i'm ready! #boing %^&gt;
how many prescription btls do your kids see in your house? r they all necessary? r u the anti#boing?!it's what we live,not what we say! {b^&gt;
@cexyprinc3ss202 no cyclops. you must have two eyes to see the #boing o^/
penguins are #boing itself!!! c:&gt;(  )b
@niellemc definition is the enemy of #boing {b^&gt;
@maemae198825 aren't they awesome?! your pretty! {b^j
@chanceglasco don't ask me what you already know. feel the #boing luke! {b^)
@ravencroft82 maybe not and maybe drug companies shouldn't be allowed to advertise on tv. like cigarette companies. {b^&gt;
@lesliemplt stop sqashing the #boing  {b^j
@katykk i don't pick the sponsors! if i did they wouldn't be drug companies. ;^)
@silvia_de no i mean drug commercials and the fifty prescription bottles most people have in their house or their purse now. ;^)
@sunfire_shady u bet your #boing i am! {b^]
the drug dealer hangs on your family room wall! he's on 500 channels and he's getting to our children through our failure to #boing {b^o
@sofflowers in the world! you promised! #boing %^j
i wish every1 in the gossip industry #boing cause once you have #boing you'll never go back! {b^j
got paparazzied at 'the little door' resturant yesterday and realized,gossip photogs spend their lives backing up.beware the anti#boing {b^)
shew! that was amazing! just let me sit here 4 a second...catch my breath! #boing oops...one more little one.wow!u guys are incredible! {b^o
i definitely wanna but i'm afraid we might get in trou... #boing ohhhh! it's comin any#boing! feels so#boing! i really#boing! ahhhh!!! %^q
a lot of people say they wanna but then they have second thoughts! {b^&gt;
do you wanna? {b^&gt;
oh by the way, i may have spelled cyclops wrong but frankly my dear... i don't give a #boing. ;^)
...#boing mother f%*kers #boing mother f%*kers #boing!!!#boing #boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing!!! {b^p
...the narrow vision of a cyclops can perceive no depth. if any1 wants to cover one eye they can view the world as the cyclops do...cont--&gt;
...and so you serve no purpose except to get in the way of those who bounce this big blue ball. i call you cyclops because... cont---&gt;
that some1 might create something with lasting impact in this world, something u cannot find the faith or the courage to dream of...cont--&gt;
the truth is i'm an intuitive,creative,and spiritual person.i'm healthier,smarter,and yes much more sane than u who say i'm crazy.cont--&gt;
#boing world! i'm so grateful 2 u who bounce the big blue ball with me but i've had it with u who need 2 chalk me up as crazy. cont.--&gt;
i wish you all the sweetest dreams! good night! (that's me being normal)
@jeremylg007 things have never been better jeremy. really! i am my fully creative and authentic self. happiest i've ever been! #boing ;^)
@gladman tell ya what. i'm going to do whatever i feel compelled to do here and your free to leave! sound fair? glad to help! #boing {b^p
#boing is tickled pink by his own fingers! 8^}7
#boing follows it's own path and doesn't try to be pleasing from everyone's point of view! ~b^]&gt;
@kells077 yes very! #boing ;^)
@nikkiniknak you definitely #boing {b^j sss'nice!!!
@carolmemartin #boing carol! ;^&gt;
#boing makes a meal out of life and sets the table for you and your friends!
#boing takes a lickin' and keeps on tickin'! =b^)-
#boing looks forward to the next face it meets! 8^]
#boing was in stevie wonder, etta james and louie armstrong! b^[]
@dezimilo s'all i'm sayin'! you #boing ! %^d
#boing doesn't hide itself as if it can be stolen or have it's luster taken by others!cause #boing begets #boing ;^j ;^j ;^j ;^j ;^j ;^p
@joelbeee i stopped watching tv. this and painting are more fulfilling. #boing ;^&gt;
@genehiltonphoto that's boeing but it gets you up in the air. ;^&gt;
@willproberts i saw that exhibit. never noticed a stain! but the #boing definitely happened on the third floor. wow! ;^&gt;
@thelovelylouise an essential part of it. yes! much love! ;^)
#boing is jumping six feet to catch her master's frisbee!   }:&lt;p
#boing is showing at the louvre! ;^{}
#boing is in vangoh's sunflowers.
#boing has happened to every great artist and innovator since the beginning of time. ;^{
#boing wants everyone to win! :^o
#boing has no adversaries! #:^j
#boing can beat cancer! ;^]
#boing wrote the poetry! {b^p
#boing is beautiful, no matter what it weighs! :^o))
#boing can't be held down! {b^&gt;
#boing laughs it off! 8^d
#boing is never fed up! %^j
#boing isn't mean! ;^/
#boing stands up for itself! %^)
#boing doesn't feel guilty! ;^}
#boing carrey's on! ;^&gt;
@aaaaanju happy #boing day! &lt;%^p
u think i'll let it go your mad, u got another #boing comin'!!! =%^&lt;&gt;
@sorenbertelsen nothing good can happen without #boing ;^)
@vivaveronica122 something in the way she #boings ;^p
@vincent_wolf mine is the kingdom of #boing {b^)
@jsossaman i couldn't #boing it better myself! {b^&gt;
@map562 spank you kindly! ;^) and #boing
@rociojonas1 then put some hot sauce on it and #boing mexico! %^p
@avel_val i adore you back! #boing ;^)
...and in the end, the #boing you take is equal to the #booooing you make!   {8^i   ]^-   }^j    {^p
all you need is #boing ,#boing ,#boing is all you need! {8^d
@jessehinnah i love anything that brings us together, jesse. the sillier the better! pass this to your pals! #boing!!!! {b^&gt;
when armstrong walked on the moon, did he cry cause there was no gravity?! no! he took 1 small #boing for man! 1 giant #boing 4 mankind! :^&gt;
did sir edmund hillary turn back when he could see the summit of everest a few ft away?! no! he reached inside 2 find the #boing ! %^j
#goodmornoonevenight world!great work!wooo,the air is thin up here on trend mtn.some folks wanna quit but #boing must go all the way! ;^[]
@jblanchett spank you kindly j. to the summit! #boing ;^)
like mick jagger said,"i wanna get you to the top, #boing #boing ;^({})
congratulations! we're bouncin' that big blue ball! our world wide #boing is now trending y'all!!! %^p shall we bounce it 2 the top?! #boing
... (barely audible whisper) #boing! gasp and sickening thud... \+^
...
bo bo boi spin! swoon!
@sarahjawg #boing
@disillusionists #boing
@chaseeverton #boing
@twetches #boing
@studders86 #boing
@whitney8d #boing
@akcharger #boing
@joejoekrq #boing
@mainchung #boing
@rmele09 #boing
@macaronimaniac6 #boing
@reecetrevor #boing
@fillup18 #boing
@krugern #boing
@lortrebel #boing
@alexraz #boing
@miss_tink_mar #boing
@jessicabairstow #boing
@mrdillonjsmith #boing
@huckfinndbest #boing
@chicago_lollie #boing
@tammiii_lee #boing
@dizzy254 #boing
@arakinskywalker #boing
@brodiephillips #boing
@chrish00pes #boing
put a hash on it!!!!!!!!!!! %^&lt;&gt;
what does it spell?!!!! {b^o
what does it spell?!!!! &lt;;^()
what does it spell?!!!! {b^&gt;
gggggggggggggggggg %^
nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn 8^d
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii =^j
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb  ;^]
who would u like future folk 2 see? were we beautiful? did we love?! in 200 hundred yrs the pple who read this may need a little #boing %^&gt;
@paultrull i heard! we're gonna make future folk smile! #boing to you, sir! ;^&gt;
you know you want to! you can try to stop it sooner or later your bound to #boing %^p
hey east coast usa, i'm gonna be there soon, cause "i'm in a new york state of #boing " {b^j
@glitterusa we are all part of the one big #boing ;^)
celebrate good #boing come on... and celebrate! {b^o
@cheekymoon put some #boing on that sandwich and let me have a bite! {b^b)
@blaklitemasacre you can't keep a good #boing down! %^&gt;
@the_gun_seller #boing hungary #boing %^d
@trastew open the two other eyes and you will #boing ;^j
@drawingdebi goodafternight! ;^&gt;
@bushman80 i bet they're proud of you, dad! you #boing ;^j
@irenemathi #boing {b^j
@damilafaiele you are doing great! welcome! ;^}
@ronyamaya #boing! thanks for your help. i'm new here! ;^)
#boing #boing # boing #boing #boing #boing #boing  hash tag it! we can bounce this big blue ball, y'all!!! {b^&gt;
@munkus1 spank you kindly! ;^)
@michelleandis nuzzzzzlllle! ;^)
@uncleugs london's gonna bounce this big blue ball! i love to hear your big ben booooiiiiiinnnngggggg! ;^j
@lovethegube ;^j
@cmaxey boing cindy, cindy, boing, cindy, cindy, boing! %^&gt;
hey guys, catch a glimpse of my sexual superhero on youtube. his name is cornicopious! in love he is powerless, but he's horny plenty! ;^j
@pogeyman oh canaboing!!! %^j
@lemetatron rt  may the boing be with you! %^]
#goodmornight world! i am so happy to be snuggled up next to you right now! ;^)
i rrrefuse 2 define boing! 1 day when you've given up your need 2 explain it and file it neatly away, 'boing'... you will understand! }=^p
@michaelwhoward i saw the superman costume go right to youtube called my wardrobe guys david and kelly. they made two new costumes fast. :^)
expectation preceeds actualization! i expect to boioioing!!! ;^)
@razmataz72 sorry eleonora! make that betty boing! ;^&gt;
@studders86 hull knows how to boing!!! {b^&gt;
@smellicat rt u can't keep a good boing down!
@worldlynathalie boing! &lt;%^d
@eefeh oh no you di int! yo mama so boing she gotta boing just to get her boing in! snap! ;^
#goodmornight world! it's a sweet cali day! i'm still buzzing from the on the fly mayhem of the second conan show! long may he boing! ?:^&gt;
@rickrapier "and the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon!" put aside some quality time to boing together, while you still can! %^&gt;
@sandyredden when you get knocked over boing and you're up again!!! ;^&gt;
@linajad what does boing feel like to you? ;^j
@kdixon7783 no i'm not. r u? ;^)
@6hakushaku9 boing then! pass it, quick!!! ;^o
@gogreengirlgo very true! u could order it ala decartes! boinggg!!! ;^&gt;
@mikael2nd take it! boing!!! ;^d
@nafshiyah my coolaid brings all the boing to the yard and their life is better than yours! i could teach you, but i'd have to charge! {b^&gt;
@bedheadblue no fear. just boing!!! ;^)
@akb1096  there's no up or down! we've known this since galileo! north south east and west are an illusion too! ;^)
@lil_john2k you can't play with that gun in your hand. change your picture. change your future. change the world. ;^)
@priyab1981 there's no difference between the two! hope your surgery went well! ;^)
@mystifyingdemon you gotta get open?! boing!!! %^j
@traceybaby feels good to pass the ball. look, ireland is wide open! boing!!! ;^o
eternity is not a measure of time!it's the depth of this moment!heaven is here,now!find it!feel it!boing boing, everybody!boing boing!!! ;^)
@robert78229 not to worry. i don't eat chipmunk! boing!!! ;^)
@mswettaldatyme it's a ball of love like the one called earth!boing boing!can you bounce that big blue ball?! boing boing!!!! 8^j
#goodmornight world! there is no exterior! welcome to the whole you/me!!! booooooiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnggggggg!!!!
you're not the one reading this tw't.you're the awareness that this tw't is being read!feel free 2 be the whole you/me... and booiinngg! ;^)
loved doin' concert with conan!so many faces wide open like kids!the world was new and worry forgotten by all of us! that's was boing!!! ;^)
on my 'boing' way to 'boing' with conan live at universal! where big boys boing!!! {b^&gt;
#boing everybody! boing everybody! boing! {b^0
boing is the sound a big ball of love makes when you bounce it to another player! 8^]
boing is the moment when you take a hit and you bounce back up! boyoyoing!!! %^&gt;
i 'boing' think i might've started 'boing' something 'boing'!!! {b^&gt;
@jadelletaylor boing is what happens when you let it go! ;^&gt;
@claireyeddy cheers'n'boing!!! {b^&gt;
@clairey cheers'n'boing!!!! {b^&gt;
self portrait.my leaves gather lots of light but most of me still lives underground!i'll 'boing' show u 1 day.{b^&gt;
@dabrusta just say hello! that ant is your real landlord! boing!!! ;^)
@sexyllana double boing!!! 8^p
that was fun! spank u kindly, for bouncin' that around, world! i guess the 'earth' is just a big blue ball after all! boooiiinnnggg!!! ;^j
@raybubbz long as you got my back. look out! booooiiiiinnnggg!!! 8^}
@chasehauser no time! boing!!! ;^&gt;
@lorcsbyrne ooh... caught that one in the nads! gonna have a tummy ache! boing!!! }^o
@brown_eyed_grl meet cha at tim horton's! boing!!! ;^)
@fatsmitty74 ...stick a finger in yer eye! boing!!! ;^d
@summerwine888 i can't believe i got that ricochet rabbit! now you will paaaaayyyy!!! bing bang boom bammm, boooooiiiiiinnnggg!!! %^o
@ambrosejames he shoots he scores! boing!!!
@odinger no time to figure it out! just pass it man! boingggg!!! ;^o
@hotarubiq boooooooooooooooooooooooiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnngggggg!!!! %^o
@bindery hmmm... boing!!! ;^p
@andyysayss i love that city! hate that bat! boing!!! :^)
@democracyhurts nope, i ducked! boing!!!! ;^&gt;
@d3wizl toinggg!!! ;^)
@alexrev_ ouch! no biggie! boing!!! ;^)
@jtycarr i'll pay for it! boing!!! %^o
@mzmclean no worries! try again! boing!!! ;^&gt;
@xstephxowensx oh, yeah? boing!!! ;^p
@open_ruimte wow, that just missed my head! boing!!! ;^)
heads up australian insomniacs! boing! ;^d
@deedeew95 i love your faces off, thailand! %^&gt;
there's only one word that can describe my life and that word is boing!!! anybody wanna bounce that back to me?! ;^)
@rena_1 have a great afternoon, brazil! ;^)
@syaiffrie ;^)
good morning los angeles! sweet dreams tokyo! enjoy your lunch ottawa! {b^&gt;
@lucky_carmz joseph campbell understood the importance of mythology and how the same stories are regenerated.always wanted to talk 2'em. ;^)
@whooznext see how they run like pigs from a gun see how they fly! {b^&gt;
@chrissullivan85 if i ever encountered an alien i'd sick my chupacabra on'em! ;^)
@tha_mist john ritter was a very nice man who loved his family and made a lot of pple happy.in other words his life was a great success! ;^)
@shimmyloco gary oldman was the best dracula! {b^&gt;
@segasagexx we'd be the king and queen, for sure! ;^)
@prayforpeebles who 'nose'. ;^)
@eplusjo i feel it, accept it, and watch it pass, like the weather. ;^)
@cupita_linda ;^)
@heymynameisevan we can! ;^)
@keluna you just fine! ;^)
@nicxjustice richard e. grant lays it down! ;^)
@toughpicker every moment i'm new! ;^)
@legallylauren julie christie was a smf! ;^)
@zyemorphusphere 4 5683 968 866! {b^&gt;
@onikapointer surprisingly still at times. you might be surprised. b well. ;^)
@redmaga order me a grilled cheese and pass the ketchup! {b^&gt;
@ollbit don't be crazy. be smart! ;^)
@marydem89 spank you kindly! ;^)
@alienanchovies look it up,man. it's helpful. ;^)
@pifouneei it's love ;^)
@alienanchovies @johnmgordon google, burton goldberg. 'curing depression'. order the dvd. b free. ;^)
@zyemorphusphere yeah, i'm static free. a clear channel. out of the way of it! ssss'awesome!  {b^&gt;
@noalterego don't let me make you feel guilty. have another toke! ;^p
@brooklynwynter if i don't know about'em, love had nothin' to do with it! ;^o
@jannah_g ... tweedley deet! ;^)
@gil_bar_on hey friend. i'm with ya! ;^)
@therealjillk filters are for phonies, you know, like your parents. ;^)
@nessamendiola hello! ;^)
@michellemcale there's the door michelle! ;^)
@therealjillk i'm not sad in any way. you may be projecting your feelings. if so i wish you freedom from your pain. truly! u seem nice. ;^)
@texaspenelope ... said the aardvark to the ant! ;^)
because i'm free thinking,some wonder if i'm stoned, but drugs though fun at times, have always brought my creativity 2 a grinding halt! %^}
@jskogerboe i don't do drugs fucker! ;^)
@agnesandedna that was an interesting one. peter sellers, ringo star. nice memory for me. ;^)
creation is a garden of ice sculptures,a zillion different forms,all made of the same sh*t!i'm u talkin' 2 yourself!there's only 1 of us ;^o
@georgekukunis but i'm everything in the f%*king universe so what am i supposed to grow into?the training wheels are off dude!heheee!!! ;^)
@carolinavaleska nicarrraguaaaaaaa!!!!! weeeeeeeeee!!!! 8^v?
@shane0515 i'm rooting for the zamboni driver! without him there are no playoffs! ;^p
network,shampoo,graduate,chinatown,godfather,bing there,harold and maude,how to get ahead in advertising.see'em,or yer not in the gang! {b^&gt;
@priyab1981 may the power that gives form to this dance of consciousness be with you and heal you, good lady! how's that? :^)
there are no two things! ;^)
the bible says,"if thyne eye offends thee pluck it out!"but i suggest u explore the lasik option first!if that not good then yank it! }*^o
@johnj0hn who hurt you john? ;^&gt;
@ndemanbey yep. skated to the store once a year after the freezing rain. &lt;|b^&gt;
thing a president palin might say."shut the door on yer missile silo, kim jong-il! what's the matter? were you born in a barn?!" %^*
@toggorocks spanx toggo! preeshee8 it! {b^&gt;
if i don't come back, tell seinfeld i know where the other sock goes! 
@cardinals1977 go buy a lottery ticket matt! ;^&gt;
@misshcoulson the british folks i know in la, all get surprisingly joyful when it rains! all this sun can make'em home sick! cheers! ;^&gt;
@alienbecka rt heaven is the feeling of being everything and everyone in this present moment! hell is when ego makes me feel separate! ;^&gt;
@crystal_mkrep i'm quite happy but love is always welcome. spanx! ;^&gt;
spank u kindly 4 sharing your heaven!it seems the gates r easily openned by children,blue skies,beaches'n'baby goats!look no further! 8^
@myrobotdinosaur i am fantastic my friend! i wish you the same!  ;^&gt;
swimazing {b^&gt;
@jessscaaa s'nice! ;^)
heaven ;^)
heaven ;^)
heaven [:^\
heaven {b^&gt;
heaven %^&gt;
heaven! ;^)
kingdom
the 1 and only
is
@tine_b hi christine! b well ;^)
4 5683 968 ;^)
hearts
the
are
blessed 
but i'm just a comic! what do i know! ;^p
@matineeidyll i know great pr people. it's a valuable service. ;^&gt;
watching and reading gossip is like eating somethin' greasy. fun at first but afterwords u feel gross. it seems 2 drain your vitality. ;^\
@marubarker ...said the spider to the fly! {b^&gt;
rt the whole world is sleeping, but you're still conscious! for u there's poetron 3000 hacking into jimcarrey.com sometime this summer! {b^&gt;
@imrachelc so glad you liked it. b well. ;^)
@mikala2013 better than. ;^)
s'nice talkin 2 ya! ;^)
@cinecittafan i'd stop stalin and get to work! }:^[
@mireillebacou haven't considered the soundtrack yet but i loved vaughn's music choices. especially the use of elvis song in climax! ;^)
@woodiegrl no costume. ;^)
@mariannelise there mad cause i reminded them they were sad! ;^)
@blindcripple cable guy. abandonment. funny movie. big issue. all of us are the cable guy. ;^)
@priyab1981 ;^)
@kellymschults ...brilliantly! ;^)
@eplusjo he's eccentric. so what! ;^)
@elegantscalis come on, sherlock! time to do some of that famous deducing! ;^)
saw kick ass yesterday. it rocked in the sickest way! i'm happy 4 nick cage! loved seeing his true comic book passion manifest itself! {b^&gt;
@bearzie 968 866 ;^)
@gnrnashba maybe your character has a problem with herself too. most do. so start there and figure out how she covers it. ;^)
@evieisfat 968 866 ;^)
@samanthafox8312 that's a great accomplishment. way 2 go! ;^)
@rachaelmomof3 friends are awesome! ;^)
@lukasridge coffee ;^)
i met a nice girl with a phd and a dimple in her chin.both made an impression.we might get a coffee.which means i'm still alive,i guess. ;^)
@fal00la 4 5683 968 ;^)
i love acting in movies, but i don't like acting my way through life! as time goes on i'll do less and less of that. have sweet dreams! ;^)
i value people's love and kindness but lately it's been great to have so many be so mad at me. proves that i've become more authentic.--&gt;
played tennis 2day. funny, how u can take a bad shot personally. "it's not the shot! it's who i aaam!" ego's a tricky little devil! }:^&gt;~
@gregjohncop great compliment. you are! ;^)
@miriamg1987 ;^)
@raebabee907 bust those balls kid. ;^)
@deannasimcox i could be hiding with my merry men. ;^)
@sandwitch88 sss'what it's 4! ;^)
@ladyshoodjnl please find something to love about yourself. you're worth more than this. ;^)
when a dog does tricks 4 fun, the biscuits 'will' come!!! }:&lt;           sorry for typing error earlier.
@spleensplitter are you telling me to invest wisely. preeshee8 it. {b^&gt;
@jazzdaddy101 when you stop wanting and decide to already have them in your mind. ;^)
@davidhartford it's right! ;^)
@tommyro i'm a silly rabbit. &gt;:^)
@leadmeon ;^*
@shinetome 4 5683 968 255 ;^)
@shellzb285 spank you kindly. preeshee8 it! ;^)
@mrware21 honest? yes. creative? you bet. weird? in no way! b well! ;^)
@clairvoyant8 well that's easily fixable these days. save up. do one boob at a time! i need my penis shortened, damn it! %^&gt;
@bobsterroberts love this. 4 5683 968 255 {b^&gt;
@valele_4 hi, beautiful. ;^)
@gtothewalls spank you kindly! ;^)
@springvilleland only the ones that interest them. ;^)
@raebabee907 don't squash please. let me run. b free! ;^)
@flickindebean ;^)
@arigirl preeshee8 that, so much! thanks 4 not trying to control! 4 5683 968 ;^)
@fruvous i look oddly dressed to people because most people are doing a costume drama.
@rudzicenine don't ever hope. know! ;^)
@hilda_vidal1977 i'll wish you well, but i only bark and chase cats when the feeling moves me.  ;^)
@emilyilyx3  4 5683 968! ;^)
@mahoma1 crushed. but i'll get over it.  ;^)
when a dog does tricks 4 fun, the bicuits 'will' come!!!  }:&lt;
i'm a smart dog.i do lots of tricks.but i'm tired of the commands, so i lost my master and now it's all 4 fun.the biscuits will come! ;^)
@artfreakjo spank you kindly! ;^)
@emsuriel everyone is my friend and family! some happy some sad some full of it and some plain annoying. bring it! tiger is not himself  ;^)
@lauracio lot of people did the last supper! including raphael. correctacon!;^)
@maharshi_23 spank you kindly! ;^)
@ladyshoodjnl  i have never apologized for anything. that apology exist only in wishful thinking of of your sorry ass! ;^)
@somonted that's how real playas play! honest! ;^)
@somonted i've have a lot of money! when you can say that, as if it already is, you will too! promise! ;^)
@sunyasyreeta actually living in our car was preferable to doing a job that we hated. we made a conscious choice to be homeless! ;^}
@sabrinam7 g'day sabrina! if the sun goes away down under it could be jealous of your shiny face! much love! ;^&gt;
@flipbooks you look like prick. think i'll block your ass. by now. ;^)
@alexkyte13 u 'ssslice' me 2 the core.i'm 'sssinged'!seriously though,labeling some1 onomatopoeic can b a way we 'clip' their feathers! ;^
@sheragi i have not been clinically depressed for years. pissed off disappointed or sad at times, but not depressed. thx 4 well wishes. ;^)
my tw'ts may get abstract at times. 4 realism go to the vatican and chck out raphael's last supper! s'old! %^+
4 5683 968 255! 4663 64448 ;^)
@imkevin2 937 ;^)
@carlahbsb 4 5683 968 7878 ;^)
@stereovsmono 4 5683 968 ;^)
@austin023 ;^)
@romartinez 66 ;^)
@chiharukanda 4 5683 968 ;^)
@nassergamez ;^)
@wim727 ;^)
@kristinaaaaaa 4 5683 968 ;^)
4 5683 968 ;^)
@thatgirlblogs 937
that's all i guess. ;^)
@mizukichan whatever feels right for me. you'll be you own bodygaurd! ;^)
@sltice2 you bet. ;^)
understanding abandonment, self-abandonment and learning how to overcome them is the only work that needs to be done. one more time! ;^p
@bicycleman79 i don't dwink whim mum twweeping uuuu  ssonofff  a ba'll killyaaaa]][p-[' j
@jenniparrotti that's what my last tw't was about! ;^)
@tailors4tinkers it's a graveyard man, i dig it! please don't hurt me! kiddin' ;^)
@majnoonyehudi wait, you're speaking for other people in the same sentence that your telling me not to. you realize that, don't you?  %^}doi
@betterbaker \^; .yako od ll'i ,ho
buena de los angeles por la manana!levantes y baile con la musica!lo siento mi telefono no puede hacer detalles acento.aeeyayahh!! ]%^&gt;e&lt;;
no matter what u sculpt,the ego of the beholders will redesign it to suit themselves.if they can't,the sculptor is labeled offensive! ;^&gt;
'die welt'
@joeduck my number 1! ;^)
@cerises10 even the pyramids are forgettable. i'm just have'n a good time now. ;^)
@tcfan1 ya mean all those gold medals didn't help the economy?! balderdash!! %^)
@daisywooks spankyou kindly, daisy! ;^)
@cn8of10 we're all gonna have to deal with the phone obsessions pretty soon, or lose touch with those in our proximity completely. ;^)
@kcpattison did you do something with your hair kelsey? it's very pretty tonight! ;^)
@jeffreylramsey i feel for ya man.lotta folks in that spot.happened to my dad when i was 12.i got really mad, then i started dreaming! ;^)
@lisamarienow end of the world and the beginning at every single moment! b well!  ;^)
@thinkbigor hmmmmm...                                    ;^)
@potniatheron spankyou 4 that! ;^)
@angelcarnivore s'gonna get better! s'a living thing! spankyou kindly! ;^)
@cherrybomb0 maybe... right before i step on it's f%*kin' neck, and send it's broken ass back to u, whose shadowy mind it came from! }:^/
c n end 2 ignorance!unless your paying attention 2 the peaceful spaces around the paper,tv or computer screen,you're not fully informed! ;^)
@brian_scheider it is my mission to make you most popular peeing man, bri! ;^&gt;
@camilacanever spankyou kindly, camila! ;^)
@swaggahmole your last sentence quaulifies u to be downloaded into my mental fantasy file! spankyou for your entry! ;^
@cd09 woohoo! ;^
i would apreeshee8 your vote!  spankyou kindly! ;^)
@annspade wrong
goin' 2 work. spin fun! {b^)
@metallimacrules rt i agree! there are good journalists! competition and corps.forcing them 2 compromise. watch patty chayefsky's 'network'!
@stacistacked they can hide in tiny spaces. be careful! ;^)
@jujubecool rt actually i'm more of a mongoose at the moment! cobras can be dangerous, but tasty.  ):}=bq{
@epicfailrper i don't know if trust rabbits. their poop is too organized. ;^)
@rrosaa6 good morning, rrrrosa! ;^)
@ligimiere00 jusy anything you want! ;^)
the alternative to uptake inhibitors, that helped me. imagine using your writing skills to help people.?what a concept! ;^)
being scolded by a gossip show for talking about people's personal lives is like a turd saying ya smell bad! no offense to actual turds! ;^\
don't worry folks. i didn't slip over the edge. i'm just movin' the boundries for the rest of you nuts! %^}
ahhh...pretty day!think i'll have breakfast,feed the dogs'n'excersize.oh,i better be careful.if they read this they'll know i'm insane! %^}
@ella_hall picture it, smell it,taste it on your tongue,hear the lightening and twitter me when it happens! that's what a rain dance is! ;^)
@beepgoesmelissa it'th thilly to thpeculate on that thubject! thanth though! ;^&gt;
@kcpattison love you kelsey. preeshee8 it!  #;^&gt;
@mezzanine246 we're used 2 self abandonment laura.being some1 we hope will pass.we label honest people crazy so we can keep up our act. ;^#
@annettesayswhat every single day annette. no sh*t! {b^&gt;
@irishfancy8 walaikumsalam ;^)
@ray_symone i'm glad to hear it! b well! ;^)
@hatrimm read me a story mommy! ;^
@kergelaine your face looks like a cat. cut salmon intake to once a week. ;^)
@kimberleyjohnso disagree! better than tv! ;^)
@elfqueenof5 u 2 ;^)
@dolliepop nice memory. b well. ;^&gt;
@truthismyname rt that's a great movie title! 'insomniac bastard' he won't sleep until he finds his real daddy! %^o daaaddy!! oh daaaddy!!!
@itsme_dora nice pic dora. likin' the angle! %^&gt;
@aihlimf just jokin. s'what i do! ;^)
@kimkoster preeshee8 that kim! ;^&gt;
@muffinman210 you said ha penis! {%^o
@damonpettit don't make me cry man! i'll haveta put the shades on! {b^[
@natymimi no you are! no you are! ;^&gt;
@mrshondamatic you're beautiful! ;^)
@braindeadwife i've really never been better sherry! spankyou kindly! ;^)
@chickie3737 don't ever say that! 'you are achieving it! it is happening!' that's the language! then dare to believe, it or stop now! };^]
@demarcoantoine #%^)
@jerrybflory means a lot jerry. preeshee8 it! {b^&gt;
@10_kweezy {b^&gt;
@nathaliaferrari i know it's a good one! preeshee8 it! ;^)
@giddy76 you're so welcome! ;^)
and immeasurable happiness. now, i'm going to re-enter the twitter stream and see if there is anyone left to offend!  #b^&gt;
if you knew me well, you'd see that your resentment has been misplaced. i wish every human being nothing but love----&gt;
to anyone who's grievances have chosen me as their cause, i would say first, that i recognize that tendency in myself, but-----&gt;
@summerataxia that pretty neat summer. didn't robert taylor look like robin williams father?! {b^&gt;
george harrison left a wake up call at this number  4373-26637-843-786. it's alright! {b^&gt;
my favorite resturant in la has a tiny entrance, just big enough for cool cats to get through. that's a clue. {b^&gt;
just sang wth slash at cozy's in the valley.no idea what i sounded like.couldn't hear myself,but the energy was jammazing!i'm spankful! {b^&gt;
i left a message for those who suffer, at this number 4 5683 968. ;^)
@audreywarhol i'm sorry you've had painful experiences. i wish u well ;^)
today i'm wishing 'great gobbs of goodness' to all those who would dare to love themselves! go ahead! i dare ya!!! ;^p
a'salam alaikum! there, i've said it before but i've never spelled it! ;^)
i like this frm of expression.it's far more creative/connective than sitting like zombies watching the shadows of digital ghosts(tv) ;^)
@eyeslam salam i like'em! i assure you, this emoticon is not muhammad!----&gt; ;^)
@rayburnr rt comedy just barges in without anybody's blessing. so tell your troup 2 go f%*k themselves, and have a good time!  ;^p
@bunkerface check mtv movie awards 2 or 3 yrs ago. ;^)
some folks out there are worried that i stay up too late but their fundamental mistake is in assuming that i haven't moved to fiji! |^snore
word missing earlier. 'nowone has ever won the tour de france by 'back' peddling. get it?! it is better with that! ha ha! sleeeeep! |^zzz
...and being fed by the media.i was almost out of tiger untill e.t supersized me!but i will wear cool shades and get my lips injected! p^m
...i have freed truman,at long last!i am now free 2 be my whole self,which includes a somewhat contemplative nature,a yen 4 sociology---&gt;
...so i killed him,i do not plan 2 bow to expectations or to be confined by the fear of losing altitude in the 'statusphere'! (my word)----&gt;
...i am grateful for my avatar's many yrs of dedicated service, but nowone has ever won the tour de france while peddling. ----&gt;
flowers don't worry about how they're going to bloom.they just open up, and turn toward the light and that makes them beautiful  ;^)
release the wisekraken!!! }8{}
@akdevanderbilt you could have half the sandwich if you would just ask. ;^)
...then i was sexually assaulted by ben roethlisberger! i can't be certain but it sure looked like him! good thing i'm a steelers fan! ;^b
well, i ate my inoffensive sandwich with an acceptable glass of milk and took the dogs out, while avoiding any controversial thought---&gt;
my people called and said i might have to tame my tweets a little. so here goes...i'm going to make a sandwich now. peanut butter.(sigh) ;^\
so, you guys probably don't feel like  talkin' about sandra bullock, right? i'm kidding! jeeeze! i'm a little on edge.cut me some slack! ;^)
@teampoodle007 preeshee8 it! ;^)
@gismcgrail cheers lidia ;^)
@daisywooks ;^)
@camilacanever hello camila. much love 2 u! ;^)
in any event, infidelity has never been an issue 4 me. if i tried to keep a secret like that, i would grow a tumor and devil horns! }:^&lt;-
@caitlinconstan it's yourself you're feeling 4. b well ;^)
rt 'i love you phillip morris', true story of gay conman who'd do anything 4 love, 'comes out' this fall! question is, r u man enough?! {;^o
@rumless i like to communicate to a wide range of beings. terrestrial or otherwise. &gt;;^)
@eyssogreen that's a cop out gail. no woman just stays at home with the kids anymore. tiger was wrong and elin was ignoring the obvious ;^)
no wife is blind enough to miss that much infidelity. elin had 2 b a willing participant on the ride 4 whatever reason. kids/lifestyle ;^)
tiger woods owes nothing 2 anyone but himself. 2 please his father he gave up his childhood and his freedom in the world. that's enough!---&gt;
@zankyoudarling we must all eventually leave the world our parents want for us behind! ;^)
you're the space in which all things happen. g'night! ;^)
@henry_ix  henry, you're alright with me! ;^)
@ritchiewoman hey, you and your husband might make good role models 4 your kids. just a thought. ;^)
@freebirdx3 mmhm! ;^b
@luinden i can't be contained cause i'm the container! ;^)
@sgn013 they are! especially the need to respect themselves! ;^)
@silvia_cormick i write my own jokes silvia. b free ;^)
@emmyvanswaaij congrats! s'beatiful but not easy! ;^)
@beauberman i don't like it! sss'gross! ;^&lt;
if you really wanna see sexual disfunction get 2 know your favorite basketball star! curling is the only safe sport 4 a married man!  d;^'
i made a tiger joke today, but after listening 2 payne's speech i think it's time we checked our collective ego and let the guy play! d;^\
@tomalexwhitham  if the letter space was longer i'd never shut up! ;^)
@ir0c3xclusiv3s dick
@androogenous perhaps it's time to go buy yourself another goat. u deserve it! ;^)
@sceptik did someone pressure you to be perfect, tom? that happens a lot! ?;^p
what do you get angriest about? feelings of powerlessness are my number 1, but what makes u wanna release the kraken... or smoke it?  }8{}
@fillippafkwit rt sure, call me crazy. that would make you feel safer, wouldn't it? fine! doieeeeeee!!! (drool, dribble) ?%^}
@timeline_x 'clash of the titans' dude! ?;^/
@oh_louise  rt anyone who thinks i'm not funny will deal with the wisekraken!!!  }8{}  he's always a rimshot away!
my dogs have been known to release the kraken! good thing they're cute!  }8{} &lt;--actual kraken. ('en' not 'in')
alright...who released the krakin?how about krakin a window! damn!!!  }8{} &lt;--- actual krakin.
tiger woods returns to the masters today and after a lenghty break, many wonder if he'll be compelled to play some extra holes!  d;^ "4"
i appreciate your well wishes today! all of you folks together make one mighty heart! spanks! ?;^&gt;}=&lt;;
@iamjoeking s'nice! ?;^&gt;
sing it louie,"i see trees of green, red roses too! i see them blue for me and you, and i think to myself, release the kraken!!!" ?%^p
be of good cheer folks! it's a beautiful world, and we're all gonna get what we need the most! ?;^&gt;
i'm leavin' the stream 4 a few days folks! i'll see ya when i see ya! spankyou kindly! ?;^&gt;
@megcam27 leavin' the stream 4 a few days, folks! i'll see ya when i see ya! spankyou kindly! ?;^&gt;
@megcam27 good one! ?;^&gt;
doc,i'm haunted by chocolate bunnies!every yr i give sweets up for lent, but then easter comes and i have to feed again!what's up doc?&gt;;p
...there i did it! i smashed his head in and i 8 it! i know it sounds cruel, but it does help control the chocolate bunny population. &gt;;|
8 the ears off a choc bunny.now he's staring at me with his little candy eyes that say,"don't leave me like this! please jim 4 the luv'a'gah
@mustangmel1986 parents couldn't teach you. too busy abandoning themselves! ?;^&gt;
@bodhi77 yep! b well! ?;^&gt;
technology can be both useful and dangerous! frankenstein's monster said it best. "mmmm...fire good!" then he burnt himself! [8^/:
that was my sermon for easter'n'passover. go forth and show thyself 'a bisel' love, or 'gai in drerd arein'! your choice! ?;^&gt;
@dezjoy not possible! ?;^&gt;
we think no and say yes! we abandon ourselves because we're afraid to be abandoned! no1 but u can make u happy, accept dr. phil mcgraw! ?;^&gt;
the biggest problem we have in the world is lack of self love. every cruelty comes from those who don't understand what they're worth! ?;^&gt;
@shak6o9 much love! ?;^&gt;
@riginahand don't ever call yourself a no1 again! ?;^&gt;
i know this sounds weird but i lose sleep when i'm in a good mood! brain likes to play hopscotch! ?%^&gt;
@dazman7 stop squashing, squashy squasherton! ?;^&gt;
when i'm in hell, it forces me to find my way to the light! archetypically speaking, it's like the devil is working 4 god!  };^&gt;-
without desperation human beings wouldn't do anything!we don't grow without suffering!that's what the story of easter means to me! ?;^)&gt;+
@maraki_b thx ?;^&gt;
@xxemmalinaxx i'll take it! ?;^&gt;
@bastard049 ?;^&gt;
@mademoisellemne oui! ?;^&gt;
@piepypiep you kiddin? i had bacon and eggs with saturn this morning! ?;^&gt;
@bennymitch cause i love ya like a brotha! ?;^&gt;
@soundofpeace that's a lot of time zones!?' ?;^&gt;
@tasteytreats4u morning vancover! you are a beautiful place! much love! ?;^&gt;
@mikeealyana pacquiao! paqcuiao! ?;^&gt;
@joemoralez he was just in a bad mood cause he was stung by a jelly! ?;^&gt;
@hhewitt94 tea time? ?;^&gt; cheers!
@crispegamoide i love you too, cristobal! spankyou kindly. ?;^&gt;
@randini00 i'm shakin'!!! ?%^&gt;
@leejcarey hey homey! ?%^&gt;
@tertl what are you my mom? jeeze!  ?%^(
(loud whisper) alaska! hey, alaska! u still up?! halifax is totally asleep right now! let's put their hands in water and make'em pee! ?%^&gt;
r they gone?did the cool people leave?i wasn't tired,i just didn't wanna act "hip" anymore!no i really gotta sleep!seriously!g'night! }^
@bk2bimlove it is ci ci. hope you like it! ?%^&gt;
@nickelberrynsc it was a metaphor meaning we avoid reality through entertainment. 'bugs' never gets killed! ?%^&gt;
@tvuohi tyrosine in chocolate. substance that makes you feel good!natural chemical in the brain responsible 4 enthusiasm.low during pms ?%^&gt;
@thironechipin so did martin luther king ?%^&gt;
@karilynn2171 ... and straight to hell, i'm sure! ?%^&gt;
i got an idea! why don't all of us bewildered catholics skip church this year, and rent 'jesus christ superstar'! sssss'awesome!!! ?%^&gt;
@idoitsgone spankyou kindly! ?%^&gt;
@gunslinger1969 yes sir, butt crack and all! ?%^&gt;
brothers and sisters, let the suffering end!! now is the time for resurrection!!! i'm 'ascending' you all best wishes. happy easter!  ?%^&gt;
@fillippafkwit jolly well!! ?%^&gt;
rt the jim carrey twitter stream is concieved and written by me personally, not an assistant. for better or worse,this sh%t is pure!!! ?;^&gt;
i promise u, everything in my stream , for better or worse, is concieved + written by me. spelling mistakes and all! this sh%t is pure! ;^)
at dinner once i asked steven hawking if he believed in ufos and he said "not until i saw one, fly out of your mouth and into my salad!" =^
@fixinmytie first house, on seaton dr. not sure how it's spelled. hi homey. ;^)
my mother had me runnin' for pain pills ali day long!that's why i love pink floyd"momma didn't need to be so high!"and your mom? ;^03&gt;&lt;;
@manu_dsilva okay! ;^)
@7dixie have you read freud's 'perceptions of the perverted coke brain'?he found when he snorted it,everything seemed to be about sex! ;^)8
@reasonable_hank well let's think about it! ;^)
@the_lammy i guess it's love then. ;^)
love and logic are like the middle east. we can never have peace while the two try to occupy the same little space. i said that! ;^)
there's a rabbit on the lawn, and a hawk in the tree.this could get ugly!let's go watch 'bugs bunny'! ;^)
i think it was me who said, "boredom is for those who are afraid to masterbate." g'night folks! ;^)
@justreese not even them really. ;^)
@hankcartwright i think eternal and forever are the same thing and they may also be redundant. ;^) ;^)
@xjessxthexmessx hi jessy. i love ontariariario! thx for the shout out. ;^)
@lucianorp goodnight brazil! i love you like a not too distant country! ;^)
@moiz_jambu sorry, i didn't mean to say, way! ;^)
i think it was the dali lama who said,"after years of sitting meditation,few will attain enlightenment,but many will get a wicked rash!" ;^
@karimba45 worse. sober! ;^)
power is seductive. significance corruptive... 'the eye of sauron' sees you, when you try to wear 'the precious'! 8^} prrrreciouussss!!!
@aniekpl i wanted you to say that! ;^)
hey universe! my name is jim carrey, and you will give me what i want!!! ;^&gt;
@narbay_ the very best to you my friend! ;^)
@vjnaik89 ...and then never call! ;^)
@nataliacecilia aarf! aarf! ;^&gt;
@real_chrissmith uug! :^[
imagine communication if the satellites fail."my cell phone's not working!""mine neither!""have we met?""no, i'm your neighbor."scary! 8^
@paulthezombie rise zombie rise! %^}
@batmanknightcan good day sunshine! ;^)
@born20yrs2l8 ;^)
@indrawhy much love to you indra. ;^)
@mulan_1998 b e a utiful!
@rdy4eternity ;^)
@mulan_1998 much love to you, diana. ;^)
@mgenem that was steven stills. ;^)
255 968 6333 47 5683 ;^)
lennon left a message at this number 255 968 6333 47 5683 ;^)
@66genie99 sss'awesome! ;^)
@jenniparrotti your obsessed with that stuff. let it go now. please! ;^)
may all of my jewish friends have a lovely passover! i wish you sh'lom bayit! i love google! ;^)
@elibumblebee i love phillip seymore hoffman and i hope he has a lovely passover! ;^)
@oheyitsnatalie i had to feed my mom actually. that's what makes kids funny. ;^)
@cboeltl they're not mine. they belong to the ants. ;^)
@jesusbayona bad guys always show up in your head first. chase all bad thoughts with good ones. picture your kid having kids, grandpaw! =^}
i belong to an elite nonfighting force!we have no enemies!we take no prisoners and if anyone tries 2 take our stuff we just give it 2em! ;^&lt;
@eddicito sss'awesome! ;^)
"captain comedy reporting for duty, sir! we've spotted the enemy! they're easy to see, because they now have spots!" ;^p
@omfgeek nice soldier! carrey on! ;^&lt;
if i was a military man my name would be major breakthrough, or general wellbeing! wadda u wait'n 4? get the led out, private hell! ;^d&lt;:
at this very moment i find myself free from concern! with nothing and nowone to change! needless! wow! i love you guys! =^&gt;&lt;:
@likoo1 sssssssshhhh! never awaken a sleep tweeter, unless you got coffee! 8^&gt;
@xoxosugarkitty whenever you're down,start telling yourself you have what you need, over and over, as if it already exists,and it will! ;^)
if u deny your sexual nature, it'll just come out sideways. you might even molest kids and be forced 2 preach in a different parish. }:^( &gt;+
@drpabloaravena hey doc. thanks for the love. i wish you and all of chile the very best! ;^)
@iam_anna hi anna. b well. ;^)
@pjl777  forgive me father pat. ;^p
@florentinemuray thx! glad you liked it. much love! ;^)
@mfisher520 stick to total obscurity, dude! ;^)
rara, obama!!! barack obama!!! gaga, obama!!! and your bad bromance! %^&gt;
wow...it appears as if, despite the heartless and inept, something might actually get done in washington! gobama! gobama! gobama! ;^)
check out my new video!
rt. i just had a wonderful poop! it's gonna be a great day!!! ;^&gt;
@eddicito 'network' is my favorite movie! see it! made in the 1970s. we're living it now. ;^)
@waffro love scares all who don't know it! ;^)
@shewholuvsfyre he's a beautiful beast! ;^)
@jeanpizcar hello! big huggs to you! ;^)
@yfz01 conan is great. nice man. funny man! ;^)
when i look at my grandson i see that love has an echo!!! ;^) ;^) ;^)
@mezzz you bet! ;^)
@ajay184 hi ;^)
wanna stare at my grandson with me?! nothin' better! ;^)
rt. love is the only reason 4 being! ;^) :-) =~} %^d
@heartlessangel3 thankyou for that! i hope americans get to see it 'in it's present form', some day soon! ;^)
wow...what a beautiful morning! (hope i spelled all that correctly!) ;^p
yeah. that's better!;^)
pardon the 'lump' tw't.what i meant was,those who deminish ppl's effort by sighting tiny flaws sh'ld be urinated on from a great height! ;^)
@omgitzdestineex thancs
@outlaw13 preeshee8 it! reeeheeeheallly!!!;^)
@leahbean33 hi homey! ;^)
i don't believe in correcticons! i don't believe in debaticons! i don't believe in beatles! i just belieeeeve in me! jenny and me. ;^)
@surfcat60 find a lump pal! ;^)
@cali_kiss thankyou stacey! much love! ;^)
@pettyson2 i just want a little latitude. that's all. ;^)
@californiala i like to make up my own slang. thx though... correctacon!!! ;^)
@intheannexe i got shit to do! ;^)
@epa89 soooo many! ;^)
join @jhutch1992 + @liamhemsworth for their #twittercatchingfire qanda takeover of @thehungergames 11/6 | 2pm! details:
welcome to twitter, @katieholmes212!
welcome to twitter, @sharonstone!
join @thedirtiesmovie + @thatkevinsmith 10/8 (8et) for a live-tweeted screening + qanda #askthedirties |
tweet your questions and follow along with #enoughsaidmovie at 1pm pst for a qanda with julia louis-dreyfus (@officialjld)!
join @realhughjackman for a live twitter qanda for #prisoners today at 11:15am pt/ 2:15pmet! submit your questions now using #askhugh!
want to talk thor with @twhiddleston today at 9.00am pst? tweet him your questions with @twhiddleston_kr #tomqanda!
.@marlonlwayans cast @fluffyguy in @ahhmovie 2...and it all went down on twitter!
welcome to twitter, @tomhardy!
welcome to twitter, @thandienewton!
welcome to twitter, @drewbarrymore!
welcome to twitter, maggie gyllenhaal (@mgyllenhaal)!
welcome to twitter @giovanniribisi!
tweet your @thisistheend questions for @sethrogen @mrcraigrobinson + @gravytrainevan w/ #askthisistheend! details:
for every fan who tweets a pic of their #fast6 ticket and follows @reachoutww, @realpaulwalker is making a donation to those in need in ok.
oh, it's on! #comedyfest is here. kickoff at 5e/2p with @melbrooks and @carlreiner livestream!
follow @melbrooks. his first tweet today at 5e/2p will contain the livestream of qanda w/@carlreiner and @juddapatow. #comedyfest
it's not too late! tweet a question to @melbrooks and @carlreiner using #comedyfest. live in-tweet video tomorrow at 5e/2p w/@juddapatow
thanks for hanging with us today @sethgreen @wizmatts @majikman89 @townertime to talk all things @cyborgturkey!
comedy central's #comedyfest kicks off when mel brooks and @carlreiner do a live qanda monday 4/29! got a question? tweet with #comedyfest.
mel brooks and @carlreiner will do a live qanda on twitter monday 4/29! got a question for them? tweet with #comedyfest.
welcome @rwitherspoon to twitter!
thanks to great 2nd screen work! @helencho:  #partsunknown is trending right now!!! yeah!
use #votebilbo #votecamwoman #votebatman #votehulk #votesnowwhite or #voteironman to cast your vote for this year's #besthero! cc: @mtv
lights, camera, tweet! follow your favorite twitter personalities live-tweeting the @mtv #movieawards, sunday 9/8c:
we love you too, @gerardbutler!
welcome @emilehirsch to twitter!
couldn't have a better seat. our friends @enews @etonlinealert and @donmischerproductions are all set!
#oscars #redcarpet panorama.
let's walk the #redcarpet! #oscars time
tune-in and watch the #oscars unfold through the eyes of live-tweeting stars tonight 4p/7e on abc!
hot off the presses! your #oscars insider's guide on how to live-tweet along with the stars this sunday 7p/4e on abc:
join us in welcoming the lovely @amandaseyfried to twitter! #lesmis #oscars cc: @lesmiserables
got lunch plans? join @theacademy for an #oscarlunch with the nominees at noon pt today.
like what you're seeing during the breaks on #sb47? vote for your favorite ads at
best part of #sb47 for us? voting on our favorite ads at
some of you came to know and love him as mork, mrs. euphegenia doubtfire, peter pan, genie or patch adams...now we present @robinwilliams!
got a ? for #nicolekidman? hywood reporter is talking to her tomorrow. tweet it out to #askthr.
got a ? for @janemarielynch? hywood reporter is talking to her tomorrow. tweet it out to #askthr.
@kevin_p_kennedy please send this to #askthr
@triciatum great to meet with all of you, too! on to big and great things!
got a ? for jennifer hudson? @iamjhud is talking to h'ywood reporter today. tweet to #askthr.
got a ? for @naomiellenwatts? hollywood reporter is talking to her today. tweet to #askthr 
got a ? for @danielradcliffe?  hywood reporter is talking to them today. tweet with #askthr
we love how active russell crowe is in conversation with his fans. #ff @russellcrowe
hey @xoxo_wit! @sparksnicholas said the canoe scene (@joshduhamel's first day) was one of the toughest! and the fireworks scenes! #safehaven
just another day at the office with @dickc @joshduhamel and @sparksnicholas! #safehaven
foreign #lincoln contains a new 1-min "explainer." 
we thought
ladies and gentleman, give a warm twitter welcome to the legendary @iammrvandy (dick van dyke)!
we're hanging with @joshduhamel and @sparksnicholas on wednesday! should we ask them some questions? tweet them to us with #safehaven!
.@benaffleck and george clooney are all smiles in the #goldenglobes press room! #argo
congratulations to @benaffleck and @wbpictures on their #goldenglobes best picture (drama) win for #argo!
it's the whole @girlshbo team! #goldenglobes cc: @lenadunham @juddapatow
congratulations to jodie foster on her #goldenglobes lifetime achievement award tonight!
congratulations to @lenadunham, @juddapatow and the entire @girlshbo team for their #goldenglobes win!! #girls
congratulations @benaffleck on your #goldenglobes win tonight for #argo!!
congratulations to claire danes on her #goldenglobes win tonight for #homeland!
congratulations @lenadunham on your #goldenglobes win for @girlshbo! not a bad excuse to delay your dim sum, #girls and tweet-reading ritual!
here's @iamdoncheadle backstage in the #goldenglobes press room!
anne hathaway positively glowing in the press room! congratulations on your #goldenglobes win for @lesmiserables!
congratulations to @iamdoncheadle on his #goldenglobes win! #houseoflies
it's @officialadele in the press room after her #goldenglobes win for #skyfall!
kevin costner in the press room after his #goldenglobes win for #hatfieldandmccoys!
claire danes @lewis_damian @missmorenab and the #homeland team in the press room. congrats on your #goldenglobes win!
congratulations to @officialadele on her #goldenglobes win for #skyfall!
congratulations to @lewis_damian on his #goldenglobes win for #homeland! #goldenglobes
congratulations to christoph waltz on his #goldenglobes win for #djangounchained! here we are in the press room.
congratulations to @_juliannemoore on her #goldenglobes win!
mr. george clooney! #goldenglobes
selma hayek on the red carpet earlier! #goldenglobes
mr. @jessetyler on the red carpet earlier! is that @tietheknotorg that you're sporting? #goldenglobes
your host tina fey gracing the red carpet earlier! #goldenglobes
here we go!! #goldenglobes
nominee (the ever iconic) sally field! #goldenglobes
nominee @jeff_daniels on the red carpet! #goldenglobes #thenewsroom
it's jack black on the red carpet! #goldenglobes
hi, @neneleakes! #goldenglobes
nominee @officialadele on the red carpet! #goldenglobes
nominee @mcgregor_ewan looking ever so dapper. #goldenglobes
helena bonham carter and tim burton! #goldenglobes
nominee jon hamm and girlfriend jennifer westfeldt walking the red carpet. #goldenglobes
#goldenglobes nominee john hawkes has arrived! #thesessions cc: @foxsearchlight
jackie weaver looking quite elegant. #goldenglobes
the lovely @oliviamunn walking the red carpet here at the #goldenglobes.
"i can't tie a bow tie" - matt leblanc on his ensemble for the #goldenglobes.
jennifer lawrence looking absolutely stunning on the red carpet! #goldenglobes
it's michelle dockery of #downtonabbey walking the red carpet! #goldenglobes
.@iamgreenfield has arrived! #goldenglobes
host no. 2 has arrived. amy poehler at the #goldenglobes.
@globeswaiter @maxsilvestri
twitter exile @meganfox
heading up to talk to @ryanseacrest --- it's @zooeydeschanel #goldenglobes
it's our live tweeter @officialjld
just bumped into @haydenpannetiere -- literally! #goldenglobes
connie britton looking a little confused... #goldenglobes red carpet
"we're no one famous" #goldenglobes
here we go! be sure to follow along with our spectacular live-tweeting cast!
want to ask tonight's #goldenglobes winners a question? start sending them now to #askglobes.
it's like the opening scene when dorothy arrives in oz! #goldenglobes polishing up for the big nite.
here's @sethmacfarlane checking twitter about the oscars.
the #goldenglobes invites you to ask the winners your questions. first ? in the press room could be yours! #ask#goldenglobes
how does the hollywood foreign press solicit questions for winners in the press room? double hashtags! so european! #ask#goldenglobes.
what an incredible live-tweeting cast for the #goldenglobes sunday 8et/5pt! tune in and tweet along!
congrats to j. ralph @chasingice and @jefforlowski on academy award nom for original song "before my time!"
congratulations to @lifeofpimovie on the academy award nomination for best picture! #oscarnoms
congratulations to @annapurnapics on the academy award nomination for best picture, @zerodarkthirty! #oscarnoms
congratulations to @foxsearchlight on the academy award nomination for best picture, @beaststhemovie! #oscarnoms
@carpetbagger from @nytimes sums up the noms for you!
congratulations to @weinsteinfilms on their academy award nominations for best picture, @silver_linings and @unchainedmovie! #oscarnoms
the nominations are out! did your picks get nominated? #oscarnoms

congratulations to @realhughjackman on his academy award nomination for best actor in @lesmiserables! #lesmis #oscarnoms cc: @universalpics
congratulations to @helenhunt on her academy award nomination for best supporting actress in @foxsearchlight's #thesessions! #oscarnoms
thanks for following along at #oscarnoms. we'll be sending behind the scenes pix from @goldenglobes on sunday.
great @sethmacfarlane line "you ladies no longer have to pretend to be attracted to harvey weinstein" #oscarnoms
photos @theacademy #oscarnoms ...
here's @sethmacfarlane #oscarnoms
thanks @theacademy for our awesome seat at #oscarnoms
seems the fact there's no podium is some kind of rebel break w/tradition. #oscarnoms
joining us for #oscarnoms today? check out the official #oscars app. available on iphone, ipad, android and kindle fire!
here we go!! #oscarnoms 
joining @sethmacfarlane and @theacademy for today's #oscarnoms? keep tabs on your favorites via abc's oscar buzz page!
@roblowe they're serving jamba juice at the academy.
overheard in press line: "yeah, and i have to do the carol burnett award tonight. never ends." #oscarnoms
the glamour and glitz is in short supply at 4:45. the press lines up at the #oscarnoms.
ny taxi riders head's up! it's @sandykenyon at the #oscarnoms.
join @sethmacfarlane live for nominee announcements tomorrow 5:30a pt and join the conversation with #oscarnoms!
have a question for @juliannehough? tweet it to @cosmopolitan with #safehavenchat. she'll be answering live at 5p pst! cc: @safehavenmovie
at long last, welcome @meganfox to twitter!
it's #happyholidays from our friends @theacademy!
it's #happyholidays from our friends @theacademy!
.@smith_shs! @jacksonrathbone said his son's the most beautiful thing in the world! parenting word to the wise? pack extra clothes! #askrath
hi @rach_elaine! @jacksonrathbone said the flash or nightcrawler! he was a comic book fanatic as a kid! tough question!! #askrath
hi @sabrina_curtis! @jacksonrathbone said "heart and souls" with robert downey jr. originally inspired him to be a character actor! #askrath
just wrapped our qanda w/ @jacksonrathbone. he's graciously offered to answer some questions! keep an eye out! #askrath
twilighters! we're hanging with @jacksonrathbone this monday (10/29) to talk #breakingdawn! should we ask him some questions? #askrath
.@benaffleck is hosting a live twitter qanda today at 3:30p pt / 6:30p et! tweet him your questions and join the conversation with #argo!
.@jtimberlake will be answering #troublewiththecurve questions live today 8:45p et/5:45p pt! join the conversation with #askjt!
let's welcome the lovely @livtyler to twitter!
you may know him as capt. picard or as prof. x, but we've come to know him as @sirpatstew! welcome to twitter!
welcome @mirasorvino to twitter!
let's welcome @bryansinger to twitter!
welcome to twitter @susansarandon!
welcome @benaffleck to twitter!
who do you think is the best hero? get your #vote in for the @mtv vma best hero category:
let's welcome @chrisevans to twitter!
let's welcome @kirstendunst to twitter!
let's welcome @marcw to twitter, this man may have a spidey sense! #theamazingspiderman
welcome @mcgregor_ewan to twitter!! the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return. #moulinrouge
welcome the lovely @jessicabiel to twitter! only her first day, and she's already tweeted from tonight's #metgala in nyc!!
welcome @iamrashidajones to twitter!!
hey john, we love you too! @johncusack talks edgar allan poe and his love for all things twitter. #theraven
can't wait to check out #theraven this weekend? tweet your questions to @johncusack today at 12pm pst / 3pm est! #latchat
things just got a little funnier around here...welcome @sguttenberg to twitter! #policeacademy #diner #reasonsthe80swereawesome
excited to see #thinklikeaman this weekend? give a warm welcome to @michaelealy!
you wanna know moe? here's a recap of today's #askthestooges q&a with @theseanhayes @diamantopoulosc and @willsasso!
we're so thrilled to have you! rt @sparksnicholas: headed into a q&a for #theluckyone for the folks at @twitter...
give a warm welcome to the legendary @bettymwhite!!! #offtheirrockers #hotincleveland #thegoldengirls
we love this #hungergames parody from @mindshawk! may the trends be ever in your favor.
we are so thrilled to welcome @timgunn to twitter! #makeitwork
interested in the intersection of sports/music + twitter? join our team in nyc.
.@paramountpics is offering @katyperry's twitter fans the chance to be a part of her new film #kp3d
iconic director @jimcameron is live-tweeting his journey to the bottom of the mariana trench! what an incredible feat!  #deepseachallenge
we couldn't have asked for a better way to kick off the weekend. welcome @davechappelle to twitter!
comedians @azizansari and @jimgaffigan take to twitter to build momentum around #dangerouslydelicious and #mruniverse:
the countdown is on! who's braving a #midnighthungergames screening this week?
welcome @tobeymaguire to twitter! can't wait to see him this december in the iconic role of nick carraway in baz luhrmann's #thegreatgatsby
wanna help @officialkennyg make music for the movies? @brimcgi @rodblackhurst announce kenny: a documentary in g
the results are in! take a look at your top five #bestdressed and the most-tweeted #oscars moments of the evening:
love this! rt @wolfgangbuzz: busy kitchen! the peak of the post show rush! check out our catering team at work! #oscars
rt @ryanseacrest: upstairs in the kitchen at the #oscars with @wolfgangbuzz...here's the menu and exact times
with @gwynethpaltrow & martin short rt @stevemartintogo: i hate my life.
special 'making of' featurette for this year's best picture winner "the artist" - enjoy! -
rt @katyperry: catch of the day! uggie from "the artist" (not the guy in the background!)
congrats to thomas langmann & the team behind #theartist on the 1st best picture win for a silent film since the inaugural #oscars in 1929!
rt @denise_richards: @tomcruise is ageless!!!!! wow i think he discovered the fountain of youth! #gorgeousman #oscars
and the oscar goes to...meryl streep!! her first oscar win since 1982! #oscars
congratulations to michel hazanavicius on his first oscar win for directing #theartist! #oscars
rt @debramessing: @alecbaldwin: what's due south of my phone?
rt @iamdiddy: dreams do come true!! hard work pays off!!
rt @yoabbaabba: also huge congrats to my friends @chloegmoretz @asabfb for all the wins for #hugo!!!! #oscars
rt @paulscheer: i'm still not clear about what these "movies" are.  can i see another montage? #oscars
congratulations to alexander payne and former members of the @groundlings nat faxon & @rashistvugly on their #oscar win for #thedescendants!
rt @alecbaldwin: i'm tweeting live from the oscars.

ok, i'm in bed in east hampton.

whaddya want from me?
"like many stars here tonight, he's much shorter in real life" - oscar winner bret mckenzie on kermit the frog. #themuppets #oscars
rt @stacykeibler: you're right @billycrystal he is a good kisser #oscars
"you're only two years older than me, darling. where have you been all my life?" - christopher plummer to his oscar. #beginners
rt @robdelaney: oh no @jimcarrey is going to make another terrifying video valentine for @stonenobrien. #oscars
rt @jimmyfallon: @stonenobrien is killing it. so fun. #oscars
rt @yo_randyjackson: yo, the break to commercial music is sooo hottt. anne marie is so dope on violin. do it @realhanszimmer and @pharrell!
rt @rainnwilson: i feel like i'm watching a vaudeville themed tribute to hollywood on a carnaval cruise ship in 1987. #oscars
who's ready for a little @cirque magic?? #oscars
rt @gavinrossdale: @yo_randyjackson randy..duuuuude...on tour in australia joining you for this...what's cooking? #oscars
rt @ditavonteese: self-portrait. #oscars 
rt @ashleyjudd: are you serious? i went for a snack an missed another commercial for #missing! family screamed louder! #oscars
"a dress should be tight enough to show you're a woman and loose enough to prove you're a lady." - edith head, costume designer. #oscars
wow! @justinbieber cameo in @billycrystal's opening number! did not see that coming. #18to24demo #oscars
"it's not too late for me to shoot billy and just do the show myself." - presenter @chrisrock on tonight's host @billycrystal. #oscars
@honorsociety thrilled to have you guys!! #oscars
rt @lisalampanelli: @jonahhill is skinny! @galifianakisz is skinny! wtf? are there mandatory jumping jacks to do @juddapatow films? #oscars
rt @lisalampanelli: i love @jasonsegel! but after forgetting sarah marshall, its nice to see him and not have to look at his junk. #oscars
#bestdressed #oscars @stonenobrien rt @chloegmoretz: best dress of the night &lt;3 &lt;3
presenter @galifianakisz's pre-oscars ritual? he took a bath, washed his mustache and put on his garanimals tux. #oscars
@ninagarcia who is @jlo wearing?
rt @kimkardashian: wow @jlo looks amazing!!! @stonenobrien looks beautiful! the glam on the red carpet is heating up! #bestdressed
tina fey in custom carolina herrera! no bike shorts and fanny packs here. #bossypants #bestdressed
that is epic! where did you find that?! rt @paulscheer: you look marvelous. this is only oscar cake i'll eat. #oscars
"audrey hepburn gone punk" - @ninagarcia on #oscar nominee rooney mara. #bestdressed
wow. @millajovovich. that's all. wow. #bestdressed
@twittermovies: i don't know about you guys but rooney mara blew me away in her givenchy dress. looking flawless! #bestdressed
#oscar nominee @octaviaspencer looking absolutely stunning on the red carpet tonight! #bestdressed
love that #oscar nominee michelle williams brought best friend @busyphilipps25 as her date! way to take #girlsnight to a whole new level!
"everything is more fun with george" - @stacykeibler on life with #oscar nominee george clooney. #otrc
rt @eonline: @stonenobrien vs. @jlo vs. natalie portman: who are you most excited to see on the #eredcarpet today and why?! #oscars
like i said, #bestdressed. rt @republicwadiya: victory!
3d desserts?! now that's how to #celebratethemovies! rt @wolfgangbuzz: #oscars team in 3d
#oscars duo @pharrell & @realhanszimmer promise a few odd faces in the orchestra, a blend of hip-hop & classical music:
west side story swept the 34th academy awards with 10 wins in 1961. how will this year's nominees stack up? #oscars:
you may not need 1,450 pounds of lobster for your #oscars party but you can still eat like the stars:
i'm thinking #thedictator is a shoe-in for #bestdressed. how about you guys?
is it just me, or is anyone else dying to see @ninagarcia's incredible #bestdressed fashion commentary turned into a coffee table book?
looks like @billycrystal has a new fan! sacha baron cohen's 'the dictator' posts video message on #oscars controversy.
check out @wsj's social-media guide to oscar night featuring @evalongoria @yo_randyjackson & @whitneycummings!
hysterical! rt @theacademy: outtakes from yesterday's mike myers/kevin kline video about oscar etiquette
the #oscars are this sunday night! watch along with our official live-tweeting cast! here they are:
give it up for @stevecarell! welcome to twitter!
#goldenglobes
#goldenglobes
if you could hear the photographers screaming for the talent to pose. #goldenglobes
the osbournes embrace in the et booth. #goldenglobes
the #goldenglobes red carpet is tented in case of showers...let's hope for the best.
the #goldenglobes red carpet is tented in case of showers...let's hope for the best.
the #goldenglobes red carpet is tented in case of showers...let's hope for the best.
the #goldenglobes red carpet is tented in case of showers...let's hope for the best.
the #goldenglobes red carpet is tented in case of showers...let's hope for the best.
the #goldenglobes red carpet is tented in case of showers...let's hope for the best.
the #goldenglobes red carpet is tented in case of showers...let's hope for the best.
my besties came out too!!! @lisagastineau @brittgastineau #nola #beignetsherewecome
last night yeezus show in new orleans with my  rockie91
@myleezakardash i had the best time, so happy you did too! xo
#yeezus #neworleans
i'm sending someone to go get you so you can come sit with me!!! @myleezakardash need your seat # and section. dm me asap!!!
r.i.p. nelson mandela...may your principles of love be the guiding light for future generations.
our favorite @thek_kollection for lipsy pieces sold out fast but are back in stock here just in time for the holidays
coat season!
lol @rcavalli and kanye
which direction is the camera? lol
at the dujour mag party with @rcavalli #artbasel
mixing different textures
my fave fashion look
time for a giveaway! enter for your chance to win a pair of kardashian kollection shoes!
the set designed by david lachapelle! #notyourtypicalchristmadcard #wasacoolexperience
@danmurace love you too!!!!!
@kardashjennwest thank you so much! it feels magical!
@annatorres5 i love you too!
@cathyflavors awwww thanaks babe!
@fanskhloekodom love u doll!
@17daniel_vargas i love you! but don't die lol
@anchorloverain awww thanks! she's my 
@jordan_mccall_ thank you! the new season 9 starts in january!
@ind4rkness i see you! xoxoxoxo
@kimkempire awwww your the sweetest doll ever!!! i love you
@stephaniejoplin you totally do!!! always be you! don't let other people and your surroundings change who u are!
@crystalgc03 i don't know what the illuminati is. i'm a christian.
@marol_carol awww thanks babe!
@zohalxmob haha happy birthday
colorful #marnitop #lanvinskirt #maxmaracoat
@steveszlaga so happy you liked it! so fun this year!
@randompanser11 in january
@hoiiy_ i love you too!
miami yeezus show
sneak peek- season 9
how to take a perfect selfie...
tune into e! our very merry christmas special is on now! we reveal this years christmas card!
our christmas special is on in 5 mins, east coast!!
last chance to bid! my @ebay auction ends in 10 minutes with a percentage of the proceeds going to charity!!
don't miss keeping up with the kardashians: a very merry christmas special tonight 8:30/7:30c on e!
foreva eva
@mallory1712 hahaha luv u
@kitteneyez2011 i'm not perfect but i'm not a negative hater, or rude. i'm so over haters and negative people. no time for that. #badkarma
@welovekdolls muah! xoxo
@kristen_brunoo i love you!!!
we took our baby girl swimming today for the 1st time, she loved it so much! #bestdayever
dec 1 is #worldaidsday. dance @red save lives. buy the album. watch the livestream. #dancered 
miami nights #yeezus amberridinger @mrsadriennebosh @itsgabrielleu @jonathancheban
show time
bathroom selfie right before yeezus hits the stage
flashback friday philly #tourlife
being away from home for the holidays is hard but i'm so thankful for family and friends like this! i
i love our @thek_kollection loungewear! perfect to lounge in or wear to the gym and it's 60% off this thanksgiving!
throwbackthursday thanksgiving 1983
@gerardoolion so sweet! thank you ;-)
@559freaks xoxo
my black friday beauty buys!
yes! dubai won! #dubaiexpo2020 congrats dubai for winning bid for #expo2020!
looking for the perfect holiday gift? a bronze glow is always in style! #kardashiansunkissed
twins 
never underestimate the power of prayer! connecting minds creating the future #dubaiexpo2020 @hhshkmohd
i love keek and you will too! download the app and follow me xox
kardashian kollection is now on twitter! follow our official account at @thek_kollection!! xo
@sethrogen kanye says what's up! he loves u guys! he laughed so hard at this
 @karliekloss
loved this look #datenight
today is the perfect day to stop into @dashnyc and see what my dolls are up to!
last nights look- gareth pugh dress, gianvitto rossi heels glam- michaelsilvahair meredithbaraf
last night's show was insane!!! so proud! sold out madison square garden!!! #yeezus
happy birthday @lorenridinger i love you soooo much! can't wait to see you next week and celebrate!!!!
girls day lala
launch time for @kbeautyofficial for @stuttafords_za. we are so excited!
 these girls patmcgrathreal lorraineschwartz
saint laurent
beauty tip- i used kardashian beauty intimate spotlight powder called burnish on my cheeks. love the
love being tan and glowy, especially during the holidays. i always travel with my #kardashiansunkissed!
@natbrown94 i love u too
preach rt @perezhilton: whoever invented #donuts, a big fu to you!!!
#yeezus caradelevingne
i love her 
the og crew. if you don't know now you know! @jonathancheban lala
kanye west  bound2 (uncensored)
bound2 @
my baby speaking at the harvard graduate school of design
seeing pics of @khloekardashian in dubai makes me miss dubai so badly!!!
new kardashian kollection styles have arrived! shop the family and friends sale for extra savings at sears
yeezus tour is back #tourlife
fashion friday....white
up early... workout time!
@kokoaddict_9 @realjennerlover i hope to meet both of you one day!!!!!!
@kimkloverbr hahaha preach!!!!
@krazy4_kardash i love you too!
amazing! more to come!!! rt @archi_twinkle: kardashian kollection: totally sold out in the uk! @kimkardashian   
should i do long nails today? i love my short nails and always regret when i try long but if they are slightly longer andstill nude should i do?
awww so happy for you!!! rt @lala: so excited to be a part of this show with so many talented ...
love this! rt @bray_ross: damn i see you @kimkardashian ...no like i really really see you
@jessayyx0 amen!!!
@ashxoliberman hey girl!!!!
@ashleygrzybowsk omg lol
have fun tonight @khloekardashian at the kardashian kollection launch party at the natural history museum in london! 
@alwayskhloverxo @heydashdolls love u guys!!!
@argloveskardash thank you soooo much!!!
@welive4khloe you shouldn't be tweeting in class
@kardashianskwt i miss you too! khloe is going to dubai this week, are you going to be there?
@dashqueens i hope you have a better day ;-)
@molestmekardash ahhh why thank you ;-)
@1dimo83 happy birthday!!! i hope you have a good one! xo
lol
pls vote for @jackosbourne and @cherylburke! call 1-800-868-3402 and you can vote online at
have you seen our new kardashian kollection for sears commercial?
thank you for protecting us always 
#nycfor3hours #babysasleepnowwatchingmybaby #2chainzkanyeqtip
west coast, #kuwtk is on in 5! tune in now! xo
east coast, you ready!? #kuwtk
we are having a yard sale today for charity!
check out this preview of tonight's #kuwtk! can't believe it's the season finale!
#kuwtk day!!!
omg chyna did sooooo good!!!!!
rack cityyyyyyy
it's now a pool party i guess
slide  dance floor mechanical bull ...our party for no reason is almost ready
@khloloverdoll don't think that way! i see you!!! xoxo
@myleezakardash awww thanks doll! glad u liked it! was a fun experience!
@shor_tee314 thanks for the info! i had no idea
@abudhroos hi abudhroos!!!
@kardashjennsuk awww thanks!!!
@melkirchhoff lol
moms- do u ever want to wake up your baby to give him or her kisses? i want to soooooooo bad right now, but she's so peaceful sleeping
check out kardashian glow at the nashville tanning expo! booth 519! #kardashianglow
another flashback.... beach day photoshoot with the family
beach day....
i posted a ig collage for my bff @brittgastineau and people say its the illuminate! what is the ...
who's going to see @khloekardashian at gilgamesh, camden on nov 15? she'll be celebrating the launch of our kardashian kollection for lipsy!
we just launched our kardashian kollection shoes in australia!
happy birthday to my best friend @brittgastineau we've shared soooo many memories over the past years!
cake cake cake 
happy birthday to my fabulous mom! you are my best friend, the strongest person i know, you love so
work day
we're on in 10 minutes west coast! you watching?
who is watching this alien hunt on keeping up with the kardashians!?!?! turn on e now!
east coast, tune in for a brand new #kuwtk in 10 minutes!
happy 18th birthday to the sweetest girl i know @kendalljenner  i hope your adult years are filled
love these costumes of us!
congrats to @brightlikadiamond for winning my iced bronzer blog contest! #kardashianglow 
#flashbackfriday brandon and brody on superman at magic mountain
#flashbackfriday san fran glam
happy halloween
crisp fall style...
crisp fall style...
hey @kimkanyekimyefc @_mxmarissabee my assistant is trying to get in touch with u. please reply to her.  xoxox
magic mountain
@isabellaaa24 awwww thanks!!!
@suzannesidhu thanks for watching the show!
almost showtime! #kuwtk
we're on in 45 minutes east coast!!! #kuwtk
love #kuwtk sundays 
so happy #kuwtk is on tonight! you watching?
new episode tonight guys! #kuwtk
boo thang  kristennoelgipson
lol ladyccole
yeezus time with franca sozzani
let the bday festivities begin vega$ @nayarivera @kourtneykardash blacchyna @robinantinpcd
vegas...we've arrived!!!
get ready vegas!
today is the day!!! kardashian kollection is available at lipsy!
love lush lashes #whiplash @kbeautyofficial @meijer
enter my blog contest for a chance to win a signed bottle of kardashian glow iced bronzer! #kardashianglow
our kardashian kollection for @lipsylondon launches tomorrow!!
awww thank you! xo rt @crfashionbook: ode to the birthday girl, @kimkardashian
@alfredoflores aww thanks alf!
@kayleighkardash wow this is so sweet! thank you soooo much!!!
i am so overwhelmed by all of this birthday love!!!! thank you so much! it means the world to me!
can't wait for tonight #yeezustour
when in paris...
my airport chill look...
im going purple with @glaad to stand against bullying today for #spiritday. see how you can, too!
#nofilter
just eight days to go
i want to send a special thank you to all our #kardashianglow fans for making our iced bronzer a best seller!
vegas....you ready?
love this look by @bella_lenses.... #ad
@taylormelly123 awww love you too!
@silvybachelian happy birthday! #librapower #armopower
special delivery!!! kanye is rehearsing for his tour so i can't bug him right now...hmmmm what should
west coast are u watching keeping up with the kardashians with me??? turn on e!
almost showtime on the west coast! hope you love tonight's #kuwtk!
apparently u do rt @krm723: @kimkardashian i didn't  know you had to book a hospital to give birth! #kuwtk teaches me something every week
yes! its a fact rt @hannahhhdoll: @kimkardashian  bible? is that true about your ears and nose growing as you get older? haha i'll die. #kuwtk
yep he's at the topanga mall! go torture him!!! haha rt @vivalaapril_: omg just saw @kimkardashian bff jonathan cheban at topanga
east coast, you ready!? #kuwtk is on in 40 mins!!
dont miss an all new #kuwtk tonight on e!
can't wait for #kuwtk tonight! who's watching!??
@emmawdsley bff!
i've actually been doing the atkins diet and luv it rt @alwayskhloverxo: need to know @kimkardashian secret on how she's lost so much weight
#kardashianbeauty rt @beckyellison_: only think on my christmas list is items from the kardashian make-up collection!&lt;3 @kimkardashian
@sergetelesemian armo power lol
rt @crfashionbook: on set with @kimkardashian
morning walk with donkey 
@hattienielsen bff!
cici's first couture show
@jenner_dashx i love you too!
@vanehq this was not funny to me! lol
@alyssaclarisse awwww hahaha
@kelseydanca but thank you!
loving denim on denim!
dash
long-lasting mascara is everything #whiplash @kbeautyofficial  @ulta_beauty
@mollybiesanz thank you. sometimes u just have to change it up for a while
@j_pas08 well i love u too! xoxoxo
check out @kellyrowland as she takes a stand with @savingdaughters directed by @dblanks 
backstage moments...
mademoiselle c screening...
@alexis_mariexo haha i need to see pics of you guys!
what are you guys going to be for halloween this year?
i'm soooo excited for halloween. its gonna be good this year!
dash miami coming soon!
i love ariana grande!
dinner date in paris...
so close yet so far away 
hehe 
west coast, are you ready for an all new #kuwtk in 20 minutes?
west coast you ready??? tonight's episode is intense! tune into e!
@sharonnettles ride or die baby!
@cessikisses awwwwww i love you!
@_fisher_price_ thanks for watching! love you!
@edtrixerignacio awww thanks for watching!!!! love you!
what did u guys think of tonight's episode? #kuwtk
we're on in a few, east coast! are you tuning in? #kuwtk
check out this sneak peek of tonight's #kuwtk...
so excited for a brand new #kuwtk tonight!!
tonal dressing for fall...
tbt just hanging with my muse @jenatkinhair in the givenchy atelier #barbiesinparis
paris fashion week with cici...
i love using our body exfoliator to prep my skin for fabulous color! #kardashiansunkissed
my cousin cicibussey has had a lifelong dream of attending a couture fashion show! thank u kanye and
the perfect pout #lipplumpingshimmergloss @kbeautyofficial @ulta_beauty
last night in paris! this dress pulled off the runway from the givenchy show! styled by
cr
my date tonight riccardotisci17
omg baby bambi custom shirt for north!!! thank you riccardo! #givenchy
this is so 2 die!!! thank you alex! can't wait for north to wear this! #alexanderwang
can't wait for north to wear these! thank you so much phoebe!  #celine
thank you alber for the gorgeous clothes for north! #lanvin
happy birthday @itsthingsinlife! love you!
forever missing you dad. i can't believe it's been 10 years since you passed. not a day goes by that i
later 
download keek, check out my videos, and follow me xoxo
#love 
feeling big headed!!! lol colettestore crfashionbook @karllagerfeld riccardotisci17 
now it's your turn west coast! just one hour left till #kuwtk!
hey east coast, don't forget to tune in to #kuwtk in an hour! xo
oh nothing... just chillin' 
thank you ricky for making this for me the day before the show. i die for you.  #givenchy4lifebaby 
bonjour baby 
summer's over but my bronze glow is here to stay #kardashianglow
@ad0rekhloe i adore you too!
@brendan_busse no prob! happy birthday!
@brendan_busse i hope your day is filled with lots of love
can't wait for you to try my new fragrance pure honey now available at @kardashiankhaos @themiragelv!
@whykaykay omg hahaha its so annoying! but i can't help it
@lifeofchrisss xoxo!
@officialmelb so proud of you!
oh no big deal
ummmmm you can steam what?!?
everyone, welcome my friend john edward to twitter @psychicmediumje john- so happy i found u on twitter!
check out the new items at my ebay store. a portion of the proceeds goes to charity...
@kimkloverbr awww love you!!!
good morning gorgeous!
@laurabrown99 of course dawwwling!!!! lol
beyond
#workday
#selfiesonset @kyliejenner
#selfiesonset @kyliejenner
love our fall kollection
@lovekhlomoney nothing is impossible!
@kdashiankrazed love you!
@kyliejennerca_ awwww so sweet, thank you!
@lovekhlokardash thank you demi! i really appreciate it!
@iheartkimnet you're so sweet! how exciting! scott is the best!
rt @crfashionbook: our fall/winter cover girl is the best!
were on a few week hiatus. be back soon! the 29th! rt @alexmontgomeryy: why isn't keeping up on again explain this to me immediately
pretty odd greeting @robkardashian @scottdisick
#nowplaying john legend "all of me" my fave song off his new album! i love this song so much 
selfie
you are in my prayers @kelceyhal keep fighting! love you pretty girl!!! #letsbeatcancer
rear view
keeking @khloekardashian and @scottdisick keeling themselves 
on set with carine roitfeld, riccardo tisci and karl lagerfeld
chill day with blacchyna rachel_roy @kourtneykardash #grapesodaactinlikeweregrown
can't sleep watching youtube videos. how cute is this! #bloodontheleaves #yeezus
@kayleighkardash love you!
@jackjanowiczz why thank you ;-)
@xysix awwwww!!!!! i'm so happy
@emilykimkardash why thank you!!! love you
@yarikamoodley i love you too!
@stefanyjevtic no lol ;-)
flashback friday - more behind the scenes from a kourtney and kim take new york photo shoot
rt @kanyewest: tour
#tbt @kourtneykardash and i at a photo shoot for "kourtney and kim take new york"
congrats @dashdollsc for winning our signed kardashian glow bottle!
;-) rt @sarahcxxx: omg how do people get retweets or replies off @kimkardashian so easily #jealous :(
@halffilipina_ why thank you!!!!
nail talk with @lala
twitter bff! rt @jaide_a_kiss: i wish @kimkardashian was my best friend, she'd always have me looking on point!! 
happy birthday! celebrate big ;-) rt @kimkfrench: @kimkardashian today it's the birthday of your biggest fan @barbiemana !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
our newest tanning lotion, kardashian glow iced bronzer, is finally here! check it out at
so excited for the mid-season #kuwtk finale! rt if you're excited to watch!
hey east coast, #kuwtk is on in 45 mins! are you tuning in?
wow u look so hot and gorge!!! rt @kourtneykardash: 70s limo ride.
@kimkglobal i beyond miss you dolls!!!!
@kimkfan you are my world!
@jenkardashlover love you too!
black amex at panda express lol rt @atkinjen: ummm @kimkardashian i've never been happier #lookwhatyoustarted
true reflection rt @fanskhloekodom: @kimkardashian
beautiful way to end the day! hike with @kendalljenner @kyliejenner blacchyna
best performance of the night @kanyewest !!!!!!!!!
moms alter ego
so proud of you, mom!
#throwbackthursday nyc photo shoot! i spy @joycebonelli @robscheppy
kardashian kollection runway show! mercedes benz fashion week, sydney, australia
kardashian kollection premium denim is here!!
kylie's birthday party
almost time to watch #kuwtk on the west coast! who's tuning in?
hold on, we're going home #justaregularfamilydinner
@mulveyemma468 awwww thanks for watching! its a good one tonight
@kelli_richard what do u think of dash?
@jadepau love you!
chilling with the creator of instagram @kevin
#ihatefakemediafriends #mayihumblysuggestyounotsendgiftsthentalkshit
whats your favorite product in the kardashian sun kissed line?
hey east coast, here's a sneak peek of tonight's #kuwtk! hope you love it! xo
happy sunday and #kuwtk day!!! who's watching tonight?
more bday love for my muse and baby sis @kyliejenner
obsessed with my quick fix essential! the #kardashiansunkissed instant sunless spray is everything!!!
we're on in an hour west coast! hope you love tonight's #kuwtk episode!
@adorekimberlyk i love you too and so appreciate you!
its an intense episode! rt @jonah_moeller: #kuwtk so intense! @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash @krisjenner
thanks so much!!! rt @ryansofineee: #kuwtk is the best show and it shows how strong family really is. love you all
hey east coast! watch this sneak peek of #kuwtk to get excited for tonight's brand new episode!
my little pony
getting ready to surprise my  mom on @krisjennershow today!!!! you ready nyc? tune in!
@idragforkardash xoxo
@kardashians_esv that's so sweet! thank you
@krayykardashian i love you too!
@yasouw get some sleep lol
@kuwtkfanclub hey doll! love you xoxo
@quaysmiff don't u worry! i'm still here! just enjoying time off being a mommy
@nicole_murphy so funny i was watching u on something earlier! i'm going to dm u!
@cutekardashians thank you so much! love you too!
i love you! rt @barbiefreak23: @kimkardashian i love u. forever
uggghhh i need a tan asap! time for #kardashianglow
@official_ingrid love you too!
@morganrandolph_ hey!
@krazykardashbr your so welcome! love you! thanks 4 the amazing love and support!
hey!!! love u too! rt @welive4khloe: why do i always miss @kimkardashian tweet sprees. i love her sooo much
@habibziaai you really believe that! lol
limited time only...
@kat_buscher fun! we just got in some cute stuff
@alysonmckensie thank you so much!
@caseyluvesuxoxo i love you too! xoxo
#trespassing #gatedcommunitybreakin #dangerous #copscalled #wow
@roshauna_h hey
@_priyag thank you! so glad you like it!
@mary_ema love you too!
a big congrats to my friend @ryanseacrest and his @ryanfoundation for
opening their 5th #seacreststudios at @levinechildrens! so awesome!
finally i can watch it with you! #kuwtk is on in 45 mins!!
i love you!!! 
some big reveals on tonight's #kuwtk episode... you don't want to miss it!
can't believe my mom and khloe held a snake on the kris show. check it out on keek!!
west coast, it's showtime!! are you watching #kuwtk?? tweet me your favorite moments...
i love it when @sprandoni imitates bruce! he does it so perfectly, sounds just like him!
awww robbie flaking on greece like that
excited for tonight's #kuwtk episode!! turn on your tvs right now east coast!!!
@kimkglobal awww thanks! xxoo
me too! its a good one tonight! rt @lucydercole: @kimkardashian i can't wait to watch kuwtk tonight! love you.
@aminaaburciaga i love you too!
@josephinerocks i'm watching with you xo
yup! ;-) rt @kcj87: some day @kimkardashian gonna tweet me back.
#throwbackthursday #4thofjuly #fireworks #malibu
hope you had the best birthday yesterday chonch!!! cicibussey oh and i see you rob and nana
wanted to say thank you...
so proud of my mom! make sure you tune in to see her show @krisjennershow today!
west coast, we're on in 30 minutes!!! are you watching?
30 minute countdown to tonight's #kuwtk episode! who's tuning in!?
just heard about the death of cory monteith. so sad. prayers 4 his family. praying 4 lea too! words cant describe what they must be feeling
my heart goes out to trayvon martin's family and loved ones. thought and prayers being sent their way #nojustice
#flashbackfriday- a couple of months ago the gentle giant 
hope my little peep had the best 1st birthday today 
15 mins until #kuwtk premieres on the west coast! are you watching!?
i get pranked on tonight's #kuwtk! watch this teaser to get a sneak peek...
i love you so much!!! bff's forever!!!!! happy birthday @robinantinpcd
i'm catching up on my birthday shout outs! my best friends all have the same birthday! must mean something
good luck!!!!!!
now- @khloekardashian the most loyal and supportive person on the planet! life wouldn't be the same
then- @khloekardashian the birthday girl! i love you so much!!!!
matching outfits
designing with my sisters
yummy lunch with my bff!
head out to burbank tomorrow at 10am @ulta_beauty for a chance to get qualified to meet khloe!! #kardashiansunkissed
found another fun  @troyjensen shoot! #throwbackthursday #nofilter #nophotoshop
girls' night out
last #throwbackthursday from this shoot in cabo! can't wait to go back
make a statement
#throwbackthursday  @troyjensen remember our cabo shoot!
#throwbackthursday  cabo! #allwhiteeverything #nofilter
two is better than one
so proud of my mom's achievements!
designer devotion
tried yoga today. was very relaxing. i was into it! think i will try it again!
@theycallmeatezz love you too!
@kardashtrisha love you moooooore!
hi! rt @praisekimk: @kimkardashian but a simple " hi " would make me the happiest girl on earth !
not true rt @praisekimk: #thingsihatemost the fact that @kimkardashian will never notice me:(
let's go armenia!!! rt @phubbu05: @kimkardashian did u watch armenia beat denmark 4 nothing in a soccer game? world cup dream is still alive
@emm4suxx why thank you! i love instagram!
@josiesnell exactly! who cares!
look @khloekardashian... how do u know when henry gets sleepy? rt @uberfacts: giraffes can't yawn.
bible, love these pics!
rt and help @red raise $100,000 for an aids free generation! @jnjcares gives $1 per share! #sharered
my style guide...
stop comparing yourself to other people
i win!!!
my little kyles! rt @tw_mal: i love this pic of @kyliejenner and @kimkardashian !!! xx #sisters xx
oh @brittgastineau look what today is!?!?! lol   rt @uberfacts: today is national iced tea day!
are you ready west coast!? only one hour till #kuwtk is on e!
haha hey gramber alert!!! rt @_krystalpayne: gramber alert! omg im laughing  @kimkardashian #kuwtk
@kray4kourtneyk i really just want what's best for him!
khloe is koko aka kokes. we need a kourtney nickname rt @misspopc: @kimkardashian if you're kiki, and kourtney is kokes... what is khloe? :)
sis 4 life! rt @ciciheartsyou: gosh i love the kardashians. i feel like a sister  @khloekardashian @kourtneykardash @kimkardashian #kuwtk
who's watching keeping up with the kardashians?!? love this episode. u guys will love mine and kokes plan to help @robkardashian lol
awww rt @kardashianpedia: lamar: "mason got a real life teddy bear now" lol #kuwtk
rt @jlo rt @lorenridinger: my fav family keeping up with the kardashian's e! 9pm tonight:)
hey east coasters!!! watch this #kuwtk sneak peek to get warmed up for tonight's new episode!
ummmm how cute is zeplinblack !?!?! he's just chillin' out with us today!
who's watching tonight's #kuwtk!???
rt @krisjenner: oh! look who landed on an entire page in the sunday new york times today @kendalljenner ! so proud
rt @kardashianpedia: indonesia! the new ss13 kardashian kollection will be launching at @dorothy_perkins indonesia thursday, june 13
rt @kardashianpedia: malaysia! the ss13 kardashian kollection is available at @dorothy_perkins bangsar village 2,plaza merdeka,city square.
omg lol rt @mariolopezextra: with mini kim k and mini kanye...

#beachersmadhouse
congrats to all of you who get to meet my sisters @ulta_beauty in huntington beach june 9th! so exciting! #kbeautyatulta
happy birthday to my best friend, the of my life, my soul!!!! i love you beyond words!
trendy turbans
flashback friday - @kourtneykardash and i jumping off s boat in bora bora
khloe's sexy secretary look!
vintage flair
vintage flair
this is what besties do! best friend in the entire world @brittgastineau
how amazing does @kourtneykardash look at the #kardashiansunkissed shoot! so bronzed and beautiful!
necklace sparkling on my face  #lovedannijojewelry
interviews today
i get i live a public life. i live my life on a reality show for the world to see. i love my life, but when ...
what will it take for there to be laws put in place to prevent this behavior?
for years i've always been so gracious. every shot they take now just isn't flattering and crazy stories ...
i wouldn't let the paps get a pic of me today and they threatened my life and said if i continue to ...
#tbt @robscheppy glam! no fake lashes look with pink cheeks and pink lips! so fresh and sweet 
xoxo rt @maddyheinsenn: it would make my life if @kimkardashian retweeted me, you don't understand
so cute! rt @valentinakov_: @kimkardashian twinning 
nail colors by @kbeautyofficial are here now!!! love love love #kardashiannails @kmartfashion
retro red
next level neon
i'm bored. send me some keekbacks, let me know what you thought of the last episode of kuwtk! xoxo
side parting it today
please! rt @kardashianpedia: #helpcici @abmdregistry
@kyliejennerj @ilovekhloeko good luck on your final today!!!!
@megan_hastings ;-)
@thericebeater love you doll!
@whinslowf awwww that's so sweet of you!
xo rt @kardashjenkhaos: @kimkardashian look! i bought some kk jeans from dorothy perkins, i love them so comfy! xoxo
@salli456 u really believe these ridiculous rumors? lol
treadmill time ;-) while on twitter, instagram and tumblr....helps the time pass by faster. what's everyone up to this morning?
my besties!
always making me feel special for no reason 
muah blacchyna 
so much has changed
happy birthday @sprandoni love you!!!!
loving this braid too! super easy to do! hair tutorial coming soon too!
pretty glam day with makeupmatthew love learning new techniques! have to do a tutorial soon!
be a donor save a life! #abmdr #helpcici
omg just saw the commercial for my moms new talk show! i just screamed so loud!!! so exciting and so proud of her!!!!
cat eye precision is a must. our @kbeautyofficial film noir is killing it. ulta_beauty
dinner date and bible study
i miss you! hurry home @carladibello
chhhuuuuuuurch
so unsafe
be the best version of you!
we're baaaaack 
woooowhoooo! rt @kardashiannavy: #kuwtk8 is trending!!
awwww rt @krazyforkardash: this premiere reminds me of why i fell in love with the family in the first place #kuwtk
@kardashian411 exactly! couldn't have said it better! so true!
u better watch tonight ;-) #kuwtk8 rt @justinbieber: @kimkardashian we know about your show too.
tweet me your fav moments from tonight's #kuwtk!
it's happening east coasters! season 8 of  #kuwtk starts now!
truly such a special day. i honestly feel so blessed and filled with so much love!
wow an amazing baby shower! so much luv there thank u @krisjenner @kourtneykardash @khloekardashian shelli and allison azoff 4 the magical day
i can't believe it's finally here! #kuwtk season 8 is on at 9/8c on e!
today's the day!!!!! season 8 of keeping up with the kardashians airs tonight at 9pm on e! can't believe its been 8 seasons!
help! @starjonesesq and i need your help. please read the information regarding this tragic death  @_remona sister
wow i love this!!! rt @ultimatekimk: fantashian! somebody drew @kimkardashian as her fav princess jasmine omg!
cooking again to tonight for my  and the studio boys! #macncheese #friedchicken #cornbread
you guys are amazing! #own rt @3goldensisters: @kimkardashian omg we can't believe you watched our show #goldensisters! we love you!
i can't wait to see! rt @khloekardashian: i am loving the golden sisters on the own network. so cute! i can ...
lol rt @joycebonelli: behind the scenes with @kimkardashian #makeupbyjoycebonelli
?totally normal in the background
khloe's obsession with the golden sisters is out of this world! #kourtney,khloeandi,in50years!
hung up on houndstooth!
have a good day world! 
white hot...
fun glam day! @rokaelmakeup @clydehairgod
love this leggy look!
santorini cuteness...
achieve the perfect glam look
this sunday the new season airs! so excited! rt @xleighloo: watching kardashians, love it @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash @khloekardashian
god bless you gorgeous! rt @tanishacunty: @kimkardashian why are you so fat nowadays?
every single time i insta a nail pic of a new nail polish, same thing! the very next day! stalker #4sisters
#throwbackthursday me and @kourtneykardash fun in the sun! #bikinibabe
a gem indeed! we were wild!
loving this gold color k24 prime @rickys_nyc @kbeautyofficial
grunge glam...
boating with the fam!
so excited for my mom!
@danrkardashian hiiiii! love you!
this is on my bucket list!!! i have to come one day! rt @kkardashian95: @kimkardashian come to egypt!!
woowhoo! rt @kirkyboo32: purchased my kardashian bag!! @kimkardashian @khloekardashian @kourtneykardash
@eduard_mendozaa i love you too!
@elisandraaaa awwww i love you!
@mastertino soooo pregnant people don't work out? lol its actually very healthy to!
lol's with atkinjen missfajer
@kimkababy wooowhooo! do it!
be seen in green
a little bit of everything
chic @lampsplus lighting for our store!
mirror mirror on the wall rt @charlbowers: what you lookinggggggg at @kimkardashian so beautiful  
need 2 show u rt @joycebonelli: lol churls  @kimkardashian: omg i found an old flip cam #memories! @joycebonelli u would die! #nycnights
@ultimatekimk awww love you!
ballin! lol rt @jonathancheban: just got my new jaguar for the hamptons...thanks @warrenhenryauto
early morning workouts are the best!
omg i found an old flip cam #memories! @joycebonelli u would die! #nycnights
going thru old photos is the best!
glamming up watching psych week on discovery health and fitness wow these shows are fascinating!!!! @khloekardashian u would love!
@framos5170 why thank you! love you!
@ryleesanchez not even close but thank you gorgeous doll
i love this jacket! rt @graceclugston: just ordered this from the amazing kardashiankollection 
@arcoubieboobie dear arcoubieboobie i dress for me and how i feel good and comfortable! thanks for your concern! xo
@meagarob lol isn't keek fun? i'm obsessed
getting ready for my close up with @robscheppy
thank you for all that you do for us!
omg kendall's almost at 2 million followers on keek already. so proud, get keek and check her out!
happy birthday letthelordbewithyou !!!!!! 
happy birthday @scottdisick #letthelordbewithyou
have a good weekend everyone be safe
flashbackfriday - terry richardson shoot
flashbackfriday cleopatra elizabeth taylor inspired shoot with terry richardson for harpers baazar
repost! @carladibello this ones for you!!!!
black and white
lego look!
naturally im wearing au naturel lip color - works day and night and in between. get natural! #kardashianbeauty @kbeautyofficial @rickys_nyc
my memories of brazil
bye paris!!! best trip ever!!!
quality mother-daughter time!
mom is wigging out!
futuristic focus
help @americancancer #finishthefight against cancer. take the pledge today at
@jodiepunt why thank you! xo
@princess_dane love you too!
@_schaazman_ thank you! i love you too!
my final trip...
eiffel tower at midnight
sante!
parisian nights with @orousteing
my pregnancy lips are outta control #iguessnotabadproblemtohave
love that i can gradually build the perfect bronzed glow i want with #kardashiansunkissed tan extender w/ bronzers!
i won!!!
officially launched our latest kardashian kollection!
you are crafted with beauty and purpose...
our new kardashiankollection launched today at official_dorothyperkins!!! shop online at
i love you very much @khloekardashian! thank you so much for this amazing note! 
@zoeaden awww love you!
@karlasammo93 me toooooooo ;-) lol
@dsbs_ i love you too
@jmsunshine12 so true! xoxo
#yeezus #redyeezy's #snl  #tonight #newslaves #yeezyseason #donda #june18
thanks for the side part swag tonight @lacyredway
everyone tune into the finale of saturday night live tonight!!!!!
me and my girl @rushka_bergman #sideparttwins
#yeezyseason #juneeighteenth
what color should i paint my nails tonight? light pink or nude?
floral frenzy...
 i saw her when i was a kid riding in the car with my dad! she looks the same and in the same car!
so proud of rob!
stunning and sleek
flashback photo shoot friday! #nofilter #nophotoshop #calendarshoot
flashback photo shoot friday!!!! #nofilter #nophotoshop #ohhiwind
they are so ride or die
#throwbackthursday #gatsbyswag
@cherylcole your message really touched me! thank you so much for the support and positivity! its so ...
my baby killin it tonight!!!!!
sleepy
family dinner time
burgundy boldness
oh hi 
eating grapefruit 4 breakfast reminded me of my nana and papa! they had a tree and would always pick fresh grapefruits every day #missthem
krazy for kardashian krazy for kardashian...
catch up with friends!
arriving in style...
rise and grind! workout time!
pretty in pink 
@ultimatekimk u are so silly! i love it!
i can't get this lana del rey song out of my head! #youngandbeautiful
so fab!
a paparazzi almost crashed into my car today! i am still shaking! he put me in such danger! when will this legalized stalking stop???!!!???
running errands around town!
it's what's on the inside that counts...
don't give up now
to the best mom and grandma mj!!! i love you so much!!! 
happy mother's day to my amazing mom!!!!
happy mother's day!
love this shoot too! xoxo rt @meganevemizon: @kimkardashian one of my fav shoots! so beautiful...&lt;3
i saw the great gatsby tonight and loved it! who else saw it?
ditching the heels!
stellar shoot!
the fragrance of our #kardashiansunkissed sunless line is sooo freshno sunless odor!!
atlantic city concert!
denim goes down under
rt @courtenaysemel: don't change anything about you to try and fit into someone else's world.
#tbt kk @kourtneykardash
cici's early bday surprise! love her reaction!!!!!
met ball
metallic madness!
fashion punk off...
sooo much fun sis! i miss you @larsapippen
girl's night out!
tom ford photo bomb @orousteing rachel_roy derekblasberg
met ball 2013 thank you riccardotisci17 and givenchy ! #givenchycouture
old with the new
met life beyonce  solangeknowles
night at the museum
the one and only carine roitfeld
baby you're awesome
balmain  @orousteing
repost
boat adventures!
living legend #valentino
met ball #vogue #riccardotiscicouture
if it wasn't hard, everyone would do it...
 rt @larsapippen: thx love this@kimyewest12: cutest moment between @kimkardashian and @larsapippen's daughter sofia
date night with my 
3's company jonathancheban rachel_roy
today is sears family and friends event! get amazing discounts on kardashian kollection in store plus discounts online!
last day!
thank you houston for the amazing love!!!!
swollen feet or a new givenchy tattoo?
sears in willowbrook houston we are here!
count your blessings. develop an attitude of gratitude 
love how easy it is to keep my sunless glow fresh with #kardashiansunkissed tan extender w/ bronzers. it's sulfate, paraben and gluten free!
what a fun night!
experimenting with color
another flashback friday #jam
flashback friday
been up for hours, so jetlagged. watching e! and saw the new kuwtk8 promos. anyone else see them? so cute! #family1st
@tikipeke love you too!
@kimk_iggya awe thank you so much 
celebrating with my fam
brilliant!
mykonos from above
#tbt dad and rob
such a fun cover!
i love these ladies lorraineschwartz ofirajewelz
oh hey b!
less is more!
ladies in london #teatime lorraineschwartz ofirajewelz
just touch down in london town! miss you pareeeeee!
kourtney not so much! she loved her fish pedicure 
i freaked out at this fish pedicure!!!! omg 
shine bright like a 
lovely layout!
@eillin_samantha awww wow that's so sweet! thank you!
@iloveryanlanz awwwww  love you!
office chic!
i love this pic! greece was so amaze rt @kjennerjr: @kyliejenner @sprandoni @leahfelder @kimkardashian #familyvacay
best day ever
my sex and the city inspired look...
room with a view
so excited to see you guys!
atreyu say my name!!!!!! #neverendingstory #childlikeempress
lighten up @kourtneykardash
enjoying greece with @brodyjenner @kourtneykardash @krisjenner
life is good
 greece lightening 
since we are on a family vacay...we need a new song to do a music video to! any ideas tweeps???
elegant emerald 
be positive
how young does kylie look here?
running around nyc!
e! upfronts
easy breezy...
recognize
loving this casual look!
short and sweet
never forget the armenian genocide. spread the word
please help me get this trending today! it means a lot to me!
#recognizearmeniangenocide everyone rt
lunch with @larsapippen
my fav fashion moments!
old hollywood glam...
blurry fun! #kellyosbourne #terrencej #guliannaransic  #ryanlochte #georges #krisjenner
@eupfronts #kellyosbourne #ryanlochte #thewanted #joelmchale
fierce fringe
today's look #stellamccartneydress #valentinocardigan #kanyeforguiseppeheels
@misskellyo awww see you soon kells!
worrying will never change the outcome
whos excited about our #kardashiansunkissed sunless line launching @ulta_beauty this month?
good morning new york
who watched the ryan seacrest special? what did you think?
tune in to e! now for our special with @ryanseacrest! xo
do you think rachel_roy is thirsty?
late night dylan's candy bar run!
30 min countdown till showtime with @ryanseacrest on e!
hot couple  #22yearanniversary
happy 22 year wedding anniversary to mom and bruce!!!
don't make the mistake of comparing yourself 2 others. if god wanted u 2 have their exact gifts, he would have given them 2 u! #youareunique
rise and shine 
short nails are everything
good
4some
kardashians tell all...
@thekardashklub awww thanks for the love!
@owkdash i love you too!
@neesondawson they really are so cute! that's my fav song on their album!
@lovewithcyrus awww thanks!
@leallysax3 i love you too
@leallysax3 i see you! have a good weekend! xoxo
oversized gold chains...
watching the news right now. this is insane. i'm glad they finally captured the 2nd suspect!!! #prayersforboston
special project in the works
loved this shoot!
workin on my fitness!
cake!
love the new looks from kardashian jewellery!
my spring lookbook!
happy birthday to an amazing mom, my sister and best friend!
kisses to thd birthday girl @kourtneykardash
fam bam
more sisters
bangin' hairstyles...
bangin' hairstyles...
sister act 3
we're back for another night of fun
@khloeandkylie have a good day! xo
so proud of my brother brandon and his wife leah on the release of their new album! it's amazing check
chainzzzz #kardashiankollection
good morning! early start today, have a good one!
traveler chic!
clean and sophisticated
stay moisturized #kardashianglow
can't live without my @eos lip balm! 
kylie flips out
khloe!!!!
keekin' up with kylie
@meaghanellis2 thank you, you too! i feel great today! hope you do as well
@hayleyhigson which one? enjoy it doll!
@trishabrylinska i hope you got an a! good luck!!!
bro night @brodyjenner
my heart is breaking for everyone effected or injured in the explosion at the boston marathon. god bless you all! my prayers are with you!
@kardashiannavy its your birthday?!?! happy birthday doll! love you! have the best day ever!
glam perfume look from the kardashian khaos launch #allredeverything #valentino
kardashian khaos
mtv video awards tonight with @kyliejenner #saintlaurent #diorheels
envy
a huge thank you to everyone who came out to @kardashiankhaos today for my glam perfume launch!!!  miss you already!
@khloekardashian wow thanks kokes!!!!!!
@macyy_italia xoxoxoxoxoxo
@teamo_kayla totally bff's!
vegas road trip with my road dog
#kardashiankhaos #glam
my cousin cici looking so fab today in this givenchy dress when alexander mcqueen was the designer!
getting sleepy
furniture shopping fever
@kimkourtkhloek happy birthday!!!! have the best day ever!!!!
strapped in...
jumping on trend!
a touch of leather
perf baby shower look!
look who stole my pregnancy pillow now @kyliejenner
gym grind...
throwing shade...
@simonelishman_ i would love to!!!
@skocey101 welcome to twitter!
@ethanhuntfour happy birthday!!!
@johnny_styles god i love you
red, white and blue
fitted and fresh
i'm presenting...
rise and grind! gym time
only 1 hour till our takeover on chelsea lately!
see you in vegas!
tune into the kardashian takeover tonight!
don't let anyone ever dull your sparkle!
sneak peek of season 8 of keeping up with the kardashians!!!
up early getting ready to film chelsea lately today with the whole fam! were taking over tonight!!!
anyone notice the hot pink jacket i was just wear on kktm? its kardashian kollection. at sears now! looks so cute ;-)
words of wisdom from @khloekardashian
west coast...are you ready for kourtney and kim take miami season finale???? turn on e!
season finale of kourtney and kim take miami is on e tonight! tune in!
east coast are you watching kourtney and kim take miami season finale??? tune into e now!
don't forget to tune into e tonight!!! the season finale of kourtney and kim take miami is on!!! you don't want to miss this!!!
last episode of #kktm tonight!!!
missed my sis @kyliejenner
baby love 
cheers! dinner date with mason
pretty in pink...
you've got to just do what's right for you, even if it doesn't make sense to someone else!
borrowing kourt's pregnancy style
matte black
loving cardigans!
bernard
#tbt blond hair don't care
khloe got herself a unicorn
killed it in the gym today gunnar
giving you styling tips live next week!
arriving in paris...
only in new york city
crazy for camo!
dash nyc surprise!!!!
photo shoot time
love these looks
my latest dressing diaries post...
pretty pastels
let's go shopping! rt @bettemidler: i know it's so last week, but @kimkardashian would look adorable in the ...
@lovelynlashy thank you soooo much!!!
@buttarundat wow thank you!
perf hair and makeup for spring!
comfy airport chic!
cute easter pics of me, kourtney, khloe and our dad! love these old memories 
ok west coast, part 1 of the #kktm finale starts now! let's live tweet!
awww thanks!!! rt @katie_roseee: @kimkardashian best one yet! #kktm is my favorite show! 
soon enough! rt @17daniel_vargas: @kimkardashian amazing, i need next week's already
what did u think of kktmm tonight?
rt @kourtneykardash: just to make it clear, i would also do anything for @kimkardashian, @kendalljenner, @kyliejenner @robkardashian #family
watch what happens on tonight's #kktm...
happy easter everyone!!!
jay leno is my fav!
spikes and chains
crazy ending right?!? rt @shoutitoutcody: @kimkardashian went to see #temptation today :) it's was good.
@beyadancer so glad u saw it ;-)
@ddav98 awww thanks! well so can u!
@sohollywood11 omg wow, thank u!
:-) rt @kkardashian8: @kimkardashian temptation was probably the best movie i have seen this year! great job girl!
thx for going to see it! rt @msrose815: @kimkardashian i just saw temptation. you were fabulous!!  love you girl!
so happy u saw it and liked it! rt @cabyus: you were hella funny on "temptation" @kimkardashian &lt;3
wow! thanks! so happy u liked it! rt @jut14e: @kimkardashian just got back from seeing #temptation movie was ...
lovely lace
my dressing diaries!
can't wait to go see temptation tonight!!! who is going to see it??? please tweet me and tell me what u think
such a fun show!
bernard is getting wild
we made up
thrilled to see bernard
hi to all my girls in aus and nz! our new winter kardashian kollection intimates are now at bras n things!
hair talk @atkinjen
lets go!
getting ready to do jay leno! tune in tonight
trying out flats...
#tbt more cannes
#tbt on my way to italy #besttripever
#tbt in monaco
all about bold accessories!
just finished a great early morning workout! have a good day everyone!
gma
damn!!! i spoke too soon! my 1st pregnancy craving! #innout #enjoyingeverybite
please rt @kourtneykardash: a car accident  left 7 year old orest in a coma. please help support him and his ...
tempted by turquoise...
yesterday's look- sweet lanvin dress 
psalms 118:7 - the lord is on my side as my helper; i shall look in triumph on those who hate me
awww thanks! that belly ;-) rt @ultimatekimk: sexy mommy-to-be :)
that fake tweet is very disturbing and i would never ever tweet something like that
@matlwane34 you too! xoxo
@madisonreid happy birthday!!!
@olatundelaw i did not tweet that. it was a photo shopped fake tweet. its very disturbing and i would never ever tweet something like that
@uchesoccer that was a fake tweet, not from my account. i would never tweet something so disturbing.
morning ny
rt @khloekardashian: only the strong will survive!!!
kendall in harper's bazaar
i'm dying for you to see it... @tylerperrys #temptation starts friday! have you picked up your tickets yet?
giveaway time! #kardashiankollection bag signed by my sisters and me!
fun fashion quotes!
me and my darling rushkabergman at the mercer
so simple and stylish
love hanging out with my girl @lorenridinger in nyc
awww thanks! rt @khloekgorgeous: stunning "@trukardashfan: @kimkardashian i love you kim!!!
i must come visit! rt @kkardashian95: @khloekardashian @kourtneykardash @kimkardashian kk in saudi arabia!
how cute is kristin chenoweth!?! she filled in for kelly today on @kellyandmichael! i could hear her talk all day. i love her voice!
just did live with kelly and michael! i had the best time! i love them!
heading to good morning america! #temptationmovie
up early nyc!
vote for my fragrance!
@meldy_cakes awww thank you!
loving this look
you are perfect!
@mk_xxo april 1st it comes out exclusively at ulta!
i missed you so much ny
i never thought i would ever say this... but i'm wearing flats today
rt @notebook: don't worry about meeting others expectations, worry about meeting your own.
west coast!!! let's watch kourtney and kim take miami #kktm tune into e!
mase was so scared of me! this episode is making me need a tan! gonna spray tonight!
@djenneration lol love u
omg @scottdisick i just can't!!!!!!
@hojo214 no u don't understand. my is more than the average person!
awwww yeah! rt @princessxla: ; @kimkardashian is a dope bitch idc what anyone says. i know @stfu_jade will second that!
sneaky sneaky tricks @kourtneykardash and @jonathancheban!!! it actually worked! ha
2 peas in a pod!
omg how gross do my hands look in the hand dryer!?!?! lol
30mins until an all new kourtney and kim take miami! tune into e! let's watch together!
only an hour until #kktm! get pumped for this episode with this preview clip!
missing my blonde
rt @kd_kollection: love the jeans colors of @kimkardashian? buy the same kardashian kollection denim spring 2013
my ebay auction ends in just a few hours!
fav preggo look from last month! #jbrandmaternityjeans #carinegilsoncamisole #driesvannotwncardigan
yesterday's look #allblack #mugler #lanvin #guiseppezanotti #bellenoel
black and white look from this week.
can't sleep... annoyed i fell asleep at 7pm.
oh just relaxing...
go kokes! rt @kardashianpedia: khlo and terrence j host "live from the red carpet" tonight  2013 ...
rt @kourtneyktoday: 'kardashian sun kissed' - a sunless tanning line - will be sold exclusively at ulta on april 1st!
@alyssa_milano wow thank you so much!!! that's so sweet!
top knot
street chic in stripes
it's official, we're on instagram! follow us @kardashiankollection
flashback friday- last months elle magazine styled  by @formichetti
flashback friday- elle magazine
there's still time to bid on some of my fab pieces, proceeds support the life change community church!
lala land...
color correction
@radken62 happy birthday to both of you!
@babybarbzxo omg love you too!!!
@kimkdashdaily awwww thank you!!!
@y_shaaban i love you more!
love the new kardashian kollection spring ad! #ellenvonunwerth
auctioning off my chanel classic flap bag in blue!
hello...good morning 
repost. 
walk more than just a day in my shoes
keek-off!!!! keek-off!!!! keek-off!!!! 
hey keeksters! #family affair
an eye opening look
aqua
green
light blue
me and jasonbinn at the dujour lunch 2 weeks ago! can't wait for our ny event! follow him, he's kinda funny! 
a pattern that pops!
yummy dinner with @lala
brings back memories...
i can't wait for dinner tonight @lala!!!! i've missed you!!!! where should we go? someplace yummy!
temptation
this robe-dress custom made by @robzangardi and marielwashere #styledbyrandm
love this look at the temptation premiere
@musamagagula i pray for a quick recovery!
@soumamohamad i hope to go there one day! good luck on your exams!
@soph158 don't be stressed! just study! you got this
@thebee_hive how cool! i hope she likes it!
up early! still fighting this cold! what's everyone up to today?
awwww enjoy every moment! rt @kyliejenner: wish i could stay this age forever..
sharing my dressing diaries...
hot! rt @kardashiannavy:  @lala wearing the kardashian kollection wrap dress in leopard print! ...
obsessed with our new kardashian kollection tumblr!!!
atlanta airport attire...
love like you've never been hurt...
lol rt @kourtneykardash: @nickbarton_: @kourtneykardash pineapple juice sales are about to go up after this episode of #kktm lol word!
how good is pineapple juice?  all those amazing benefits!  #kktm
@craigtflowers thank you! sometimes u just have to tune it out and just be you! enjoy life!
are u liking it??? rt @nataliasimone4: yes #kktm and room service! loving california  @kourtneykardash @kimkardashian
@georginashila why thank you! i really try to be
only 30 mins until a brand new #kktm tonight on e! at 9/8c!
taking off! miss my baby already but have my bestie with me rachel_roy  
hope you're having a good birthday @robkardashian
yes! can't wait! rt @amylouiise_: yay finally seen an advert for @kourtneykardash and @kimkardashian take miami to be on in england ! #april
i love you too! rt @rubaalalaz_: you are beautiful and i love you  @kimkardashian
tune into e tonight for kourtney and kim take miami! we go to the uk!!!
last year in vegas celebrating @robkardashian birthday! time flies
another bday pic of robbie as a baby!!!
what a cool dude @robkardashian happy birthday!!! i love you sooo much! 
thank you make a wish foundation for the amazing introduction last night! i loved meeting you guys!
wakey wakey eggs and bakey! lol rob used to always say that to me! ha rt @simonhuck: wakey wakey
up early! the energy that was at that premiere last night of temptation was incredible! makes me so anxious for you all to go see it!
my latest outfit obsession!
business casual chic...
what's up atlanta!?!?! just touched down. can't wait for the big premiere tonight of @tylerperry 's temptation!!!
@daweidah love you ;-)
vests really pull together a look!
clear clutch...
flashback friday - 3dash dolls
flashback friday- i miss the dominican republic
help your local salon get the chance to meet @khloekardashian in la by buying kardashian glow!
ebay auction preview of my fall faves! @auctioncause and @ebaygiving
a look you can take from day to night!
i'm loving keek! subscribe to me to seeall my updates
hairstyle throwback thursday- tossly hair
hairstyle throwback thursdsy- full volumous hair!
hairstyle throwback thursday- high ponytail
hairstyle throwback thursday- long ponytail
hairstyle throwback thursday- long curls
gorgeous crescent moons!
best food in france!
i'm so in love 
omg bernard hopkins is so cute! khloe@ lsmar's new boxer puppy!
fun instagram photos!
who has seen the new shoedazzle commercial with the icona pop- i love it song?!? my fav commercial so far!
i did it! blunt bangs!!! thanks @philipwolffhair
decisions decisions...
bangs or no??!?!?!
which of our lotions is your favorite and why? #kardashianglow
sleepy keek
robbie putting in work!!! 
what?!!!??? they got a boxer??? awwww rt @kendalljenner- @khloekardashian and lamar's new baby!  weeee
spotted some of my fav photos here!
just reminds me of my dad. my dad used to always listen to michael macdonald. so many good memories.
listening to michael macdonald. he is def one of my fav singers of all time!
me and my baby #l'officiel #nickknight
just a regular day at jenner communications
giveaway time!!!
look what reallamarodom sent @khloekardashian and i just because!!! love you lammy
look who stole my pregnancy pillow?!?!? @khloekardashian @robkardashian
excited to read @harleypasternak's new book for tips on staying healthy!
spend life happy...
god do i love ryan's roses!!!! ryan seacrest is amaze!
shhh don't tell our secrets! lol let's start a detective company! rt @roxysowlaty: loving kktm.. @kimkardashian ...
@lances_gurl right now ;-)
@djenneration get it guuuurl! lol
@misstaveras awww love you!
i want to be a detective for real! rt @messaprincess: #kktm @kimkardashian is helping solve crime! #loveher #superwoman
thanks 4 the subliminal scott lol #shamu rt @scottdisick: p.s anyone who has to much to say probably had to much to eat. #fatasses
awwww my bff @larsapippen!!!!!
tonight on kourtney and kim take miami!!! #vampirefacial #kktm
look what @jonathancheban did to me!!! #kktm
tune into e! kourtney and kim take miami is on in a few!!!!
tell em churl!!! rt @joycebonelli: shake your tits for an all new kktm tonight! 
i need a tan bad
the security guard wouldn't let me in my moms gates bc he said i didn't look like kim kardashian...hmmm #rude #getglasses
meet inspector kim on tonight's new #kktm episode!
just at home trying on clothes! love these shoes!
repost- this pic lol
i love my friends and family
oprah is loving our boyfriend jacket!
showing some leg in lace...
awe!!!!
5-1
 @kendalljenner
playing peek-a-boo!
skinnys for spring!
flashback friday- me and my baby daddy in mexico
performing as a pussycat doll!
thanks for all the well wishes, i'm doing fine! just resting...have a good weekend. love you guys!
lips for any occasion!
mugler coat with chloe slacks... love this travel look!
taking mexico with my getaway girls!
a sweet friendship story!
our first shoot together! thank you nick knight
wow!!!
last nights givenchy look. #blackandwhite #tux #riccardotisci
love mom! rt @leilax333: watching #kktm with my mom she just absolutely loves everything about @kimkardashian and @kourtneykardash  
enjoy! rt @jennyramos54: @kimkardashian i'm soo watching kourtney and kim take miami
its an all new episode! #kktm
kanye, ricardo, joan
working at the pyramids tonight frankocean @ciara
with my fav photographers mert and marcus 
kisses  @nicolaformenchetti
loved this shoot! rt @djenneration: love this shoot. @kimkardashian as barbie
my nails 
nope my mom has one too and so does khloe! rt @lolasappor: that's kris's dress! "@wannaknowhim style - ...
@sheivag omg i would have died!!!
fun with friends in mexico!
flashback friday- me at 4 or 5 years old
fun flashback friday of my mom, aunt shelli and cousin cici!
khroma shoot!!!
flashback friday- we went with a whole theme for this 80's roller skating party
flashback friday- rollerskating party
#helpcici and please attend the las vegas bone marrow drive this sunday!! more info here:
i love you too! rt @kaiyaxo: @kimkardashian i actually love you
xo rt @skinnyhipster: @kimkardashian kept everything neutral and simple #fashion #kardashian
have fun! rt @heather_sneath: @kimkardashian ready for my road trip!!
@fernandodboy that's amazing! good luck with that!
@babybop_beauty fake it til u make it! believe in yourself even when u don't feel it and it will come a reality!
we go all out!
perfect afternoon date. me and mase toys r us!
everyone wants happiness
no one wants pain
but you can't have the rainbow 
without a little rain
maxi dresses are everything right now, lol!
#tbt in my dressing room at dancing with the stars 
ridiculous!!!!
trying a new look! makeup by @1maryphillips
@y_shaaban love you too!
@neidaa_xo awww i love you!
@juliaaax29 have a good day! xo
loved meeting her! rt @brazilkardash
photo: @kimkardashian took a photo andgave her autograph 2 a fan yesterday
@nancy4izuu i loved visiting nigeria!
@saffyboo love you!
love that! rt @_aliceeex: watching keeping up with the kardashians in the school gym omfg!!! @kimkardashian
bff!!! rt @aislinggall: dreamt i was bff with @kimkardashian god love me #asif
good night world
when in rome...
chic white nails!
i see my hand in there
love this display of our k24 prime!!! in stores next month!
sooooo excited i can't take it! khroma beauty will be in ricky's in march!!!! one of my fav beauty stores!!! they have everything!
cosmo
more bangs pix
should i cut more blunt bangs?
missing my bangs
so cute! thanks valeria! xo
@dashlovexo love your page! thank you! xo
@tialashon love you too!
@hotlikekdashs i love you too!
@_chasingreality awww wmaybe one day!
best vacation of my life!
love a red lip and pony tail
cosmo behind the scenes!
just had a really interesting convo with mason for an hour about leggos! this kid knows his leggos
mommy blog - j brand jeans!
outfit check!
i miss him too!!!!
i speak the truth! rt @khloekardashian: hanging out with pregnant people is real. at least i'm getting the truth lol
can't wait to watch @lala 's #fullcourtlife tonight on @vh1 at 10/9c..don't miss it! rt!
khroma beauty nude lip!
so excited to unveil my new @cosmopolitan cover and story! check it out here:
rt @makeupbymario: very limited space now!  few days left so book it soon! xo "mario dedivanovic workshop in london."
last night's look! styled by randm! hair by clyde, make up by mary
getting no love from lorraineschwartz last night!!! lol
i didn't stay out too late last night, bc i had to be up early, kardashian kollection shoot today w my sissys!
awww love her! rt @nminajworld: rt @kimberleytmuk: rt @kenzofminaj: @nickiminaj and @kimkardashian
girls night out @kourtneykardash @khloekardashian lorraineschwartz heidiklum @mollysimms ofira and more!
so deep lol rt @rachel_roy: w genius mariotestino at his gallery openin w my girl @kimkardashian 
i love oscar sunday! i can't wait to see what everyone wears!
how fab! @khroma_beauty is going 2 be a sponsor 4 @makeupbymario workshop in london #makeuplesson
morning workout, let's go!
awww thanks! i love it! rt @officialjenners: @kimkardashian hope you like this, i love you xoxo
i love you too! rt @rfiidalgo: #beforeidieiwanna u want @kimkardashian to notice me nobody understands my love for her
love it!!! rt @joyfulkayla13: love this song! #obsessed 
me too!!! rt @mahrialynn: lawd knows how excited i am!! @kimkardashian @khloekardashian @kourtneykardash
a girl's dream come true!!!
penelope knows best
to my fans...
flashback friday- daddy's little girl
gorgeous award! flashback friday! #bighair #dadsday
flashback friday dad with kourtney and i
happy birthday dad!!! you would have been pretty old today 
this koala bear got a little too close for comfort...
lots of laughs with the birthday boy @jonathancheban
which @dujourmedia cover do you like best?
#tbt photo shoot in herve #hervethemedtbt
#tbt more herve at lalaand melo's wedding!
#tbt my herve obsession was in full affect
rt @abmdregistry: kardashian fans, let's get together 4 a great cause and save lives! we can fight cancer and #helpcici together @kimkardashian
please help my cousin cici find a bone marrow donor!! details on two recruitment drives here:
my bright red lip today!
omg! ilytsmm!!!!! lol rt @anayassa: ilytsm!!! rt @kimkardashian: ily
happy birthday to my bff @jonathancheban
which perfume should i wear today? feeling like i'm in a true reflection mood!
4:45am call time is brutal. have a good day everyone!
@jesuismarley i'm obsessed with you ;-)
@yesjerome_ love you too!
loving your website
@vernmartinez xoxo
@ariel_brown thanks boo!
@jessicapassxx hi doll!
@kkardashian95 i love you!!!
kardashian kollection at sears! shot by ellen von unwerth
hi guys! check out this special deal on my belle noel jewelry!
regarding my dujour interview and 'keeping up with the kardashians'
our new kardashian kollection ad campaign!
alright enough being lazy...off to a kardashian kollection fit meeting
i just couldn't get up early and workout today....#lazyday
but i hate being lazy! i guess you need to be every once in a while
congrats @robkardashian #arthurgeorge
bridget bardot hair!!!
hey.. @kyliejenner
xo rt @corneliaguest: thank you gorgeous girl @kimkardashian @dujourmedia @jasonbinn gorgeous pics such a great day!! loved out interview
i'm feeling happy and protected all thanks to lorraineschwartz
transformed into a tahitian princess by bruce webber! follow @dujourmedia for more pics
proud to be bruce webber's muse for the march issue of
i'm so excited about my bruce webber story in dujour magazine. follow @dujourmedia for more pics!
rt @styledotcom: bruce weber shot @kimkardashian 4 the cover of the @dujourmedia exclusive 2nd cover is on @styledotcom
be nice! that was soooo mean!! rt @kourtneykardash: slapping @jonathancheban was so much fun! #kktm
omg did you just see @kourtneykardash just smack @jonathancheban!!!!!!! omg did he deserve it???
omg @kourtneykardash and @jonathancheban get sooo crazy this season!!!
new episode of #kktm in 20 mins, east coast!!
be who you are...
be who you are...
airport look!
just landed back home! 20 hrs of flying. no big deal
another brand new episode of kktm tonight on e! at 9pm!
30 mins until kourtney and kim take miami west coast! east coast did u like the episode? don't forget, there's another episode tomorrow night!
don't miss tonight's episode of kktm! @robkardashian is in town this week! 9/8c on e!
waiting for the plane to take off
sorrrrry! i started this! rt @kourtneykardash: still watching the grinch and its almost march! christmas love!
rt @kardashianpedia: don't miss the brand new episode of kourtney and kim take miami airing tonight at 9/8c on e! #kktm
you guys are in for a fun episode of kktm tonight!!!
thank you @formichetti
sneak peek at tomorrow's ep of #kktm... @robkardashian is in town!
@realjennerlover i love you too!
@kimkarmybrazil i love you too! i miss brazil
@rog2k very sweet of u! thank you!
on my way to nigeria! can't wait!
kendall is almost at 1 million on keek! yeah! congrats sis! (how soon can you guys get me there?)
join the fight against pediatric cancer by donating to #thon!
just had the best tracy anderson workout!!! i love starting my day with a good workout!
my new pet panther! #cartier #thedonstrikesyetagain
kisses, @kyliejenner and curlers
wow @kendalljenner is almost at 1 million on keek! yeah! congrats sis! (how soon can you guys get me there?)
which dress do you prefer for valentine's day?
from me to you on valentine's day!
happy valentine's day lovers!
ummm what has @clydehairgod done to me? #theressomethingaboutkim
an unforgettable trip!
wow, such an honor!
rope braid
up do braids
love this fishtail braid
throwback braid at the angel ball
look who feels the same about my braid addiction... @atkinjen
today's hair - fishtail braid
1st day of filming keeping up with the kardashian's season 8!!! wooowhooo!
just posted a photo
just posted a photo
carnival!!!! 
i love being in la! good workout, eating healthy...off to a photo shoot with @kourtneykardash and @khloekardashian have a great day everyone!
amazing sights in rio
love these valentine's gifts from @kardashiankhaos
hi nigeria! i'm coming to join @darey for nigerias biggest love concert #llam on feb 17th at eko hotel. see you soon!!!
this is amazing!!! rt @abbieleighmckee: how amaze is my birthday cake? made by my step mum :) #dash #dolls
discipline
styled by nicola formichetti for elle mag
bye beautiful rio!
i love brazil! rt @aninha100697: @kimkardashian i hope u enjoyed brazil, especially rio de janeiro! i love u so much, so brazil does xoxoxox
happy birthday rt @noor_alr2: my best gift ever is a notice from @kimkardashian ?for my bday,it will make my day love u
will smith gets the crowd going!!!!
rt @simonhuck: happy birthday adam gold @adimaffi00 !! #celebrateinstyle
brazil in full affect!!! 
awww just waking up in brazil, seeing kanye won 3 grammy's last night!!! that makes a total of 21!!!! that's just so insane! soooo proud!!!
kktm time, east coast!! turn on e! now!
30 mins to go until new episode of #kktm east coast, 9pm on e! who's going to watch with me?
in the car heading to carnival here in rio! good thing there's all this traffic so u can look up all these hot grammy looks!
dying to see the looks at the grammy's tonight! how does everyone look!
sunday means kktm day!! brand new episode tonight at 9 on e!
brazil
i loved this dress!!! rt @texsaverio: it's official : @kimkardashian in tex saverio by nicola @formichetti for elle! 
@_myloveis1d_ thank you! i love it here!
@dashuniverse awww thank you! you are too sweet!
dragon boat racing practice! #kktm
today's outfit- hot pink and hot yellow #juancarlosobando #louboutin #brazil
good morning brazil!!!!
@kyliejenner i love you!
i'm so extremely proud of @kendalljenner and @kyliejenner for launching their new clothing line!!! #kendallandkylie #pacsun
we're twinsies @kyliejenner!!
#tbt last complex pic
#tbt more complex images
#tbt complex cover
#tbt me in a fitting for cannes film festival
kw
best night ever! i love you so much!
do u guys like this bag? #chanel
remember this green shadow @makeupbymario
mugler
love this romantic makeup! less is more!
please help my cousin cici find a donor
speaking at a social media conference today! the look #lanvin #goldbracelets
rt @brazilkardash: khroma beauty has landed in dublin. look at that stash! have fun shopping irish dolls.
lol i'm obsessed rt @sassyylian: saw a pic of u as jasmine 4 halloween. need 2 make a live movie version and cast u! @kimkardashian lovely
tumblr time!
"i get em custom...you a customer" 
travel style
@kourtneykardash and i messing around #2008
treat your valentine (or yourself)! $50 off #kardashiankollection sunglasses w free us shipping @searsoptical! shop now
thanks @claussenpickles for sending me a fresh case of pickles! delish! ;-)
@megevans134 awww love her!!!
@alejandraamc_ love you too!
up early, so sleepy, but time to work!
gorgeous and glamour-ous @kendalljenner @kyliejenner
my little mason!!!!
awwww look how little mason was!
kisses
hahaha
petey got a little too close for comfort earlier
omg beyonce killed it!!! and when destiny's child came out...that made my life! #bootylicious
who is everyone rooting for today? i think i'm all for the san francisco 49ers!!!!
super bowl sunday 
quick stop in mia... now back to la!
just touched down in miami!!! quick trip but feels good to be here!
i couldn't agree more! #soproud rt @kourtneykardash: that was some rant @kyliejenner but i just want to say that ...
yum rt @morganbowen28: blonde kim  @kimkardashian 2
i'm here now! cutest accent ever!!! rt @ah1mechanic:  have u ever been to mississippi? i find your comment a little insulting ma'am
i'm gonna talk in a mississippi accent for the rest of the day
morning glam #shimmer
@myleezakardash i'm so happy i finally got to meet you! we tweet all the time and you've always been so supportive! how could i not know? ;-)
thanks to everyone that came to belks in jackson, ms for my true reflection perfume launch!!!
lets go mississippi! can't wait to see u for my fragrance signing! #truereflection
how cute is this....window washers at a children's hospital!!!!
i want #balmain
hi mississippi!!!!
can't wait 2 meet u rt @londawn16: if i don't get 2 actually meet @kimkardashian 2night ill b totally devastated #soexcited #youdontevenknow
i love this man
pure honey!
back on my workout grind!
channeling my inner madonna with @kourtneykardash
hi australia and new zealand, check out the new kardashian jewellery at @equiptweets now!
nope rt @serenawilliams: i mean beyond thirsty get serious #wannabe but will never b rt @kimkardashian: can u say desperate? @serenawilliams
as if!
#throwbackthursday ayso soccer
well hello there! #poppedouttanowhere!!!
happy birthday @robscheppy love you sooo much!!!!
the best way to stay warm in paris!
thanks for the amazing shoot ellen! xo #kardashiankollection #ellenvonunwerth
lace lover
photo shoot today with ellen von unwerth! #kardashiankollection
what on earth is going on?!? @joycebonelli @clydehairgod
feathers and sequins
meow
good luck! be confident! rt @heatherq82: wearing my #kardashiankollection to my job interview today. wish me luck @kimkardashian
up call time! sister photo shoot today!
rt @atkinjen: photo: dont miss @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash giving you #majorlooks tonite! makeup @makeupbymario...
dont forget @kourtneykardash and i are on jimmy kimmel tonight at 11.35pm on abc!!
channeling my inner carrie bradshaw
kim-blonde ambition kourtney- express yourself #madonna
twinkle twinkle little star 
heading to jimmy kimmel! tune in tonight to watch me and @kourtneykardash!!! should be fun!
u better! we have dinner tonight! rt @serenawilliams: i simply cannot get out of bed.
love you! rt @brittgastineau: talking fashion memories with @kimkardashian for eyeonglam
red lips, side parts and stunning dresses!
so excited to see everyone at my true reflection fragrance meet and greet in mississippi next month! details here:
rt @teamkardashians: u can have hope that something happens, u can have faith that it will happen, or u can have courage and make it happen.
west coast tune in to watch new ep of kktm now on e! xo
@gabsterr6 i know right! rookie move!!!
love mom! rt @welive4khloe lol @kimkardashian helped me prove 2 my mom how absolutely amazing her andfamily is tonight! my mom loves #kktm now
omg @jonathancheban im going to be sick!!!!! lol
thanks for watching! rt @noheliamunoz: kktm is perfect @kimkardashian i love watching!!
@welive4khloe love you too!
awww i miss him!!! agoo rt @kimberlykokourt: "agoo" mason is so funny! he a magician! too cute! #kktm
yes it is!!! rt @myleezakardash: @kimkardashian isn't that violet polka dot shirt kardashian kollection?
@chels_mccray awww thanks for watching!!!
@yourkardashnews no i'm in paris so i can't watch but i'm seeing all the tweets!
that's what friends do rt @_jakecalderon: @kimkardashian and @jonathancheban have the best friendship. sneaking around stealing breastmilk! ha
@mejdshkoukani i thought it was at 1st but don't think so in the end. still searching for the best remedy!
awww thanks! rt @emilyelise: i love sunday night tv! #kktm @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash @khloekardashian #goodtimes!
its a little past 3am! rt @xoxteta: @kimkardashian - loving #kktm !!! what time is it in paris?
they're always weird! rt @hazard_fan17: its going to be one weird episode tonight @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash #breastmilk
@sabnicole thanks for watching!!! xo
rt @tiarramarieandr: @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash i'm watching the show with all the fam. we love the show. huge fans we r. love u guys.
east coast, brand new episode of kktm starts now on e! i steal @kourtneykardash's breast milk... it's my miracle cure, lol
so nice to meet you! rt @khlomar_france: @kimkardashian kim i met you today in paris haha miss u &lt;3333
rt @neneleakes: tune into the real housewives of atl 2nite @ 8pm on bravo!3 it's the launch of my shoe wit @kimkardashian company shoedazzle
fun night.
my ebay auctions are ending in just a couple of hours!
tune into kourtney and kim take miami tonight at 9/8pm c on e! i steal kourt's breast milk...but for a good cause ;-)
yes!!!!!  rt @barrefaeli girls power! foxxyo @kimkardashian
heavenly
kardashian kollection !!!
so sex and the city!
bus in australia #kardashiankollection
why can't i ever sleep! 
balmain
truuuuuuue
first photo of me and @jurneesmollett on set of @tylerperrys #temptation
my trip to orphanage case blanche
silly sisters
day off in paris! about to go shopping with @joycebonelli!
just woke up...my timing is soooo off!
rt @onearmenia: @kimkardashian 7 days left to bring clean water to karotan only 320 donations of $50 to succeed! donate
awe so cute! rt @lvserena: i love when my #dad starts conversations w/ me saying "so i was watching an episode of the #kardashians.."
awww bff's! rt @kd_kollection: flashback !! @kimkardashian and @lala bff perfect dolls &lt;3 love you beauty &lt;3
@kendalljenner omg a white chocolate macadamia nut pazookie??? so jealous! i need when i get home.
tbt go carting with kanye in "$6000 pair of shoes that made it to the paris news"
since i'm in paris on this tbt i'm posting pics from kanye's paris fashion show! #gocartsontherunway
lol rt @scottdisick: shes def threatened to kill me, but who hasn't rt@kimkardashian ps that story that my mom ...
get it kokes!!!! @khloekardashian
rt @khloekardashian: you have no right to even mention our names especially my mothers! we don't know you!!! how ...
rt @khloekardashian: you should be hiding in shame for all of the lies you sell to tabloids!!
rt @khloekardashian: how can such a piece of trash even mention my fathers name! you married him on his death bed ...
while i'm on my kanye...lol these ridiculous stories of khloe are complete bs! she isn't preggo, she's so happy 4 me, her and lamar r perfect
ps that story that my mom beat me and threatened to kill me hahahhahaha! i'd beat her! jk truly laughable! #nottrue
10 yrs since dad passed andthis woman he married 4 2 wks before he died needs 2 get a job instead of trying 2 destroy families w fake stories
i love being in paris so i don't have to deal with the ridiculousness of the us tabloids fake stories week after week! #refreshing
the don strikes again!!! #solucky!!!!!!
hard to say goodbye to herms
nails right now
he gave me a print in ny rt @ultimatekimk: wow! look what @mikowhiteboy drew for you, @kimkardashian! talented award!
tbt makeupbyjoyce @joycebonelli
hot pink lips!
bonjour abidjan
i'd scream!!!
little sisters looking retro glam!
perfect day in paris
shooting my 6th fragrance ad campaign today in paris with nick knight! what a dream come true!
up early for a photo shoot!
so true! rt @krazykardashbr: i'm sure @kimkardashian sees almost everyone it is just not possible 4 her 2 tweet everyone. she loves us dolls
well i'm in paris,sorry wasn't me! rt @itstaylorr: just saw @kimkardashian drivin on newport blvd. #nolie #surprisinglylooksthesameontv
miami brights and miami nights
dinner tonight with paz vega, stephane rolland, carmen dell'orefice and kanye was pretty legendary. #perfectparisnight
paris at night 
what an amazing stephane rolland show!!!!
what did u guys think of yesterday's episode of kourtney and kim take miami? i couldn't live tweet bc i was asleep, being in france- time diff
now getting ready for the stephane rolland fashion show!
lots of new items in my ebay closet! like this alexander mcqueen fuchsia cowl neck dress!
zeke got a new heart!
faith is...
kelly clarkson and beyonce killed it!
beautiful children
dance party!!!
omg @larsapippen how cute is sophia!!! are u watching? did u see her debut?
were back on! new episode of kourtney and kim take miami
proud of @serenawilliams she's doing great in the aussie open. see how she prepared
he really is such a good friend rt @spodster
i have always been in love with @jonathancheban and@kimkardashian friendship! #soperf #kktm
@kk_dolls hi baby doll
@lamartinez23 awww love you girls!!!
twitter sisters!!!! rt @lexisommerxx
i wish i had siblings like the kardashians. @kimkardashian@kourtneykardash @khloekardashian
@brynleighhhh youre my fav!!!!
@evaaabby awww sounds so much fun!
@atschonbrun you gotta do what you gotta do!
@majaboro haha yes we did a few years ago. kourtney and khloe did. the take series we count them all together
@rintwin  @jenkirkman yes we are!!!! are u watching?
@hannahorgel123 yay! thanks for watching!
me too!   rt @kourtneykardash
i miss miami now! #kktm
@kardashiannavy so cute! mason is the best!
awww "kourtney and kim" and "kktm" are both trending topics!!!!! let's go dolls!
alright east coast kourtney and kim take miami starts now!!! tune into e!
yes!!! rt @serenawilliams: tune in to @kimkardashian and @kourtneykardash kourtney and kim take miami tonight at 9/8c on e! it's good!!!
who's ready????
rt @scottsartiano: after football cant wait 2 watch kourtney and kim take miami! @kourtneykardash @kimkardashian dont forget lord @scottdisick
its a good one kyles! rt @kyliejenner: watch the premiere of kourtney and kim take miami tonight! can't wait to watch
crazy rt @brittgastineau: tonight is going to be fun! everyone watch by bff @kimkardashian take miami on e! 9 pm going to be crazy!!
hahaha something was funny! rt @kimkdashdaily: love this photo! @kimkardashian at life star  in abidjan! (jan.19) -
rt @courtenaysemel: they're back!!! watch kk @kourtneykardash @kimkardashian take miami tonight 9/8c on e! xoxo
@iheartkimnet omg biggest compliment ever!!! i love you!
just left an orphanage here in abidjan and met some of the sweetest children ever! 
rt @robinantinpcd: tune in tonite to watch @kourtneykardash @kimkardashian kourtney and kim take miami tonight at 9/8c on e!
kktmiami rt @michaelyo: everyone check out my girl  @kourtneykardash and @kimkardashian take miami...premiere tonight 9/8 on e! #miamibaby
100,000 trillion! rt @kimkluva: @kimkardashian how much do you love your british fans on a scale to 1-100?;) we love you so xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
miami baby! rt @davegrutman: can't wait to watch kourtney and kim take miami tonight at 9/8c on e! big premier night. miami back on prime time
rt @ultimatekimk: don't miss! kktm will be on both tonight and monday night 9/8c!
gonna be crazy!!! rt @lorenridinger: its a not want to miss moment w @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash on e! tonight 9/8c. get ready! omg!
rt @lala: tonight its goes dowwwn!! watch kourtney and kim take miami tonight at 9/8c on e! @kimkardashian and @kourtneykardash taking over! rt
5am can't sleep #jetlag
avatar style with @joycebonelli
hahaha not a chance! rt @atkinjen: @joycebonelli @kimkardashian puhleeze keek that shit!!
some handsomeness at the givenchy show #parisfashionweek #mensshows
get ready.... kourtney and kim take miami airs tomorrow!!!!!!!
pet antelope...they're really friendly! #ivorycoast #africa
behind the scenes #nofilter #stephanerolland
mixing highs and lows
these prank calls are not funny! people can get arrested for this! i hope they find out who is behind this. its dangerous and not a joke!
thanks sooo much to everyone who sent their questions for the twitterchat! love u guys!!! xo
@celebuzz @ibieberkjenners the fun is where my family and friends are, so it just depends!
@celebuzz @molestmekardash i want to take our kardashian kollection to new heights on 2013! you'll see we have so much in store!
@annemoretz @celebuzz ah so many! when penelope was born and of course finding out i was pregnant. such a blessed and incredible year.
@celebuzz @nimahabibzadeh probably launching our own clothing line, kardashian kollection. an absolute dream come true!
@celebuzz  @adoringkimk lanvin, balenciaga, stephane rolland, kardashian kollection and zara
@celebuzz @nikkoaguirre3 a phone, a boat and my boyfriend? is that allowed, lol?
@celebuzz @thatgirlsalvina the notebook! i cry every time!
@celebuzz @meganmachine they each had their own challenges. the craziest was when our miami store was vandalized! that was so crazy!
@celebuzz @kompletelykfan at home with my family :-) i think kourtney has really balanced motherhood and work so i hope to do the same.
@celebuzz @alakardashians so incredible!! living with mason and penelope the last few months was my highlight of miami! #kktmcelebuzz
@celebuzz @norela10 a boy named gerard in fifth grade. we were dared and we literally pecked for a millisecond and then i ran away, lol.
@celebuzz @kkardashian95
when i was a kid i fell playing and had a concussion. kourt put peewee's big adventure on to make me feel better...
@celebuzz @kardashlovejen1 i love being able to workout on the beach! kourt and i did that a lot while we were shooting. and lunching w friends.
@celebuzz @kardashiansklan so hard to choose! paris, rome, milan, london, nyc... what's yours?
@celebuzz @islandsenorita strong, successful women like jennifer lopez,rachel roy, oprah! and of course my mom and kourtney,the working moms!
@khloekfanxo @celebuzz miami is gorgeous and i love both, but probably nyc. i have a lot of friends there and i just feel more at home there
@celebuzz @adoringkimk  i usually go for a nude lip but i love to go bright and bold every now and then!
@celebuzz @jenkardashlover absolutely! we would love to. we have lots in store for the kollection this year... so stay tuned! ;-)
@celebuzz @kardashiansklan probably cavities, lol. i can smell them from a mile away! #kktmcelebuzz
@kardashiannavy @celebuzz both cities have different vibes! plus the miami weather is so different... it's like summer in november! lol xo
@celebuzz @jamie_stewart16 i've known him for a really long time, we've been friends for maybe six or seven years #kktmcelebuzz
@celebuzz @sweetsweden for snacks i love top ramen, and i'm obsessed with frozen hot chocolate from serendipity.
hi @celebuzz!! yes, ready for my twitter chat! can't wait to hear everyone's questions! #kktmcelebuzz
taking a fashion risk.. and loving it!
brand new kktm promo shots! 2 days to go!
we out here abidjan cte d'ivoire
thanks for everything guyzo people!
11 hr flight....6 hrs to go!!! #nomakeup #nofilter
freezing!!!!!!!
just added new items to my ebay auctions!!
red lip loving
thx kokes! rt @khloekardashian: tbt this picture makes me laugh. my little keeks fell asleep in the sun ...
i love life!
home just for a few hours... off to africa now!
happy birthday @jasonbinn!!!!!
happy birthday @jasonbinn!!!!!
couldn't agree more rt @starjonesesq: now-a-days...twitter is turning into a hotbed of lonely vulnerable people ...
i worked out and had a mani-pedi and its not even 8am! i need a nap!
@stephanieesjx3 @tiffanysofiax0 @nicholeeedxoxo xoxoxo
@isophiawheeldon 
i love this. rt @shirney: @kimkardashian as long there is someone in the sky to protect you there is no one on earth to brake you
@raniaachehade happy birthday!
west coast tune in at 11:35 tonight to see me and @kourtneykardash on the late show with david letterman on cbs!
who's watching us on the late show with david letterman on cbs??
chic, effortless and comfy!
so much fun today seeing you @michaelyo ! always a fun interview!!! see u soon! xo
were halfway there! keep tweeting using #kktm to unlock the first 10 mins of@kandktake before the premiere on sunday!
screen grabs change my life @simonhuck @jonathancheban
waking up to a slice of heaven 
get the golden globes look
fun birthday lunch!!!!
wearing stephane rolland for hia mag
me too rt @neneleakes: i wish more women supported each other! we could get so far
love this look @stellamccartney
you too! rt @michaelstrahan: hey @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash great having you here this morning! see you soon!
seriously @kellyandmichael are so much fun and just the nicest people ever! thanks for having @kourtneykardash and i on your show!
khroma bright lip? u like?
got 2.5 hours of sleep! i can never sleep my 1st night in nyc. off to do the today show soon, the kelly and michael with @kourtneykardash!
i love you(1 letter in i, 4 letters in love, 3 letters in you)- old beeper talk rt @boo_lengg: what does that stand 4? rt @kimkardashian 143
143
amazing night!
always a good idea...
so excited for @kandktake premiere jan. 20 on e! tweet w/ #kktm now to unlock first 10 minutes before the premiere!!
i cut my bangs for real!!
my golden globes top 3 looks!
help!!!! 
happy birthday ali!!!
bang bang!!!
to celebrate kktm premiere i'm doing a twitterchat next fri with u guys and @celebuzz!
@harjitsaffri happy birthday
lol rt @johnboavida: not sure if this fight b/w @kourtneykardash and @kimkardashian is real,but i can't ...
@amela_sandra don't listen to the rumors and gossip. not true sugar! but thank you!
rt @prayers4shannon: @kimkardashian can you help us trend #prayersforshannon? she is a 17 year old girl in my school whose cancer came back.
happy birthday! xoxo rt @obrienbaburam: my birthday would officially be made if one of the kardashians would wish me!  please :)
@highimvaleria hi love you!
i want to learn how to play chess. wondering if levon aronian can teach me!
@kimobsessed love you too!
@molestmekardash love you too
@kardashianglory why thank you!!! xoxo
@kimlover hi! love you!
rt @vwofficial: this is a juicy one! get ready for @tylerperry's  @temptationmovie 3/29/13 @jurneesmollett ...
blunt bangs and colored contacts!
my twin soul! get ready!!! rt @kyliejenner: i literally only eat top ramen
i love you guys!
such a relaxing time! see you soon xoxo @renzorosso
travel fit!
repost!!! @mikesnedegar tao las vegas 2010 #tbt
awwwww
throwback thursday 2008
follow this funny man @jasonbinn !!!! i wish i could share my nickname for him but he would be maaaaad!
hey everyone! make sure you get the keek app so you can keep track of what i'm up to ;) 
@_kokokardashian love you too!
@kimkfan thank you for all of the support! love you xoxo
@diarmid_ awww that's the sweetest thing ever! thank you!
@fearlesskourt good morning!!! xoxo
@demmmii_lynn right?!? xoxo
@sharyn_cotton thank you soooo much!!!
@imperfectgee you are too precious! love you!
happy birthday! rt @eddi_blanco: hey kiki @kimkardashian can i please get a happy birthday tweet? #prettyplease
eeeekkkk!!! check out this article from one of my fav websites! ...
can't sleep and i'm googling double chin exercises! i'm petrified to get one!
@mega_millions_ you should be very proud!
love you! rt @kimberlyknet: #twitterwish get noticed by my idol, the one and only @kimkardashian she's my everything .
@usweekly ...
@team_kimye_ thank you for making this site! xo
truuuuuueeee
miami nights
rt @hafidasyafiah: dorothy perkins indonesia has kardashian collection! @khloekardashian  @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash  
kasually kardashian
hey everyone!! tune in to nbc 8.30pm et/pt (now east coast!) to see me and betty on betty whites off their rockers!!
helmut lang
welcome to the @shoedazzle family, @rachelzoe!
roland mouret
thank you so much @julienmacdonald !!!! xoxoxo
this made me lol rt @roxysowlaty: i was just playing w a maggot thinking it was a piece of rice ?!!?!?!?? omg i want to die
@babycon1999 follow your dreams! i'm sure u would be amazing at that!
@ithinkkimberlyk hi
dolce
ain't nobody fresher than my clique @jonathancheban @davegrutman
geek squad!!!
miami chill dinner with @jonathancheban @carladibello
happy armenian christmas!
i will be in abidjan on jan 19 for two special events. get your #malife card now! #kimk225
@iheartkimnet love you too!
love kenny and kyles! rt @_jordanryan: three favourite people ever. @kendalljenner @kimkardashian @kyliejenner
omg rt @4everkardash: @kimkardashian please look at this!!!! it's called perfection if you didn't know
thanks babe! rt @elvenlanguage: @kimkardashian is such a babe!
so many pics! so sweet! rt @dashingnetwork: @kimkardashian please see this i love you
always!!! love you!! rt @khlomarodomclan: @kimkardashian  i love you!! once a dash lover always a dash lover!!
@juan_osorio13 replying to tweets!
@sabahmahmood_ preach! lol
@reneeglen123 awww i wish i got a chance to meet you!
@katieelyynnn it was nice to meet you!
congrats laclipps!
lord disick or loading dock????
who's winning lakers or clippers?
love my cousin cici
simple
hey, back off @bettymwhite ;)
hahahaha rt @jonathankoshy: @kanyewest @kimkardashian best photo-bomb ever
old school pics rt @kyliepediaa: @kimkardashian love you kimboo! 
good morning everyone!!!
@cheryshsalmon i'm so happy you like the show!!!
@topangavontee love you too!
@lupe_cabrera thank you for watching the show!
@paulinechoshane thank you! that's very sweet!
@donnybitch my favorite disney movie!
@tfulp well thank you very much! xo
@eyesopentaylor_ wow why thank you! love you too
awww! fun times! rt @theresamarie247: #kktm cheers! sheiva_g @kimkardashian @missroyaa @khloekardashian
staying fit and healthy during my pregnancy
girls dinner tonight with all my elementary school bff's! they all have the cutest babies! i can finally join in on the convo tonight! lol
my message to @khloekardashian on her 18th birthday!
enter for a chance to meet me, @khloekardashian and @kourtneykardash at #kardashiankollection photo shoot @searsstyle
how amazing is @kourtneykardash looking after losing all her baby weight!?!
@kourtneykardash sure am! love our kardashian glow!
its so hard to get back in the grove after new years! time to get back to work!
family fun at mason's 3rd birthday!
selfie... @kyliejenner style!
lanvin fur #everything
wishing you all an incredible 2013!!!
heading to 1oak tonight! so happy to be surrounded with all my friends and some of my fam! gonna be a fun night!
new year, new beginnings!
an unforgettable trip!
want a red carpet look for new years? make sure you have the #kardashianglow!
@brittburkowski you're so sweet thank you soooo much!!!
@nysportsfan366 hahah well happy new year!!!
danced all night with my girls @brittgastineau rachel_roy 
such an incredible, surreal day!
awww rt @lala: love
no way!!!! doll domination!!! rt @kardashiannavy: @kimkardashian dash dolls love the kardashians was trending earlier! :d
found these pics of the family on thanksgiving!
concert time with @brittgastineau
snow
water
earth
not everything is as dramatic as the media make it out to be!
getting so excited for nye at @1oaklv!! last chance to get tickets:
while i was sleeping...
so much more to come in 2013!!
i'm with her now! just showed her! rt @kimkfan: this is for you @kimkardashian and @joycebonelli i love you girls
i'm a la fan but mostly a lamar odom fan rt @d3l04 thought u were a laker fan @kimkardashian: clippers are killing it tonight,well per usual
clippers are killing it tonight, well per usual
throwback thursday 2012 roundup!
@rozerinozdemir awww thanks! love you so much!
loving this gorgeous emerald color!
wow love seeing all the looks! rt @kardashiannavy: kim's public appearances this year: part 1
@welovekhloeko awww so sweet! thank you soooo much!!!
miami memories!
rt @jennicaolliffe: thankful for my new @kimkardashian perfume
counting down my top moments of 2012, and in at #6...
in bed with the flu all day. praying this goes away fast! ummm @brittgastineau u jinxed me! lol
merry christmas to all and to all a good night!
getting the flu on christmas is no bueno. i hope it passes soon :-(
clipper game with the fam! let's go @reallamarodom!!!!
a highlight of 2012 and a dream come true!
merry christmas everyone!!!!
my best moments of 2012...#8! this was so much fun!!
too cute!!! rt @fayjazzle: @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash @khloekardashian now if this isn't cute then what is?
it got a little cray cray!!! rt @kardashianpedia: the new #kktm promo is crrrrrazy!
gingerbread house!!!!
xo rt @schutte141: @kimkardashian i got your gold perfume 4 christmas it smells sooo good merry xmas from south africa
i've said this before but its soooo true...chiropractor's are life savers!!! i was always so afraid to go but they work wonders!
merry christmas eve dolls! looking for last minute gift ideas? get
my glam gift set @perfumania
@aribieberbreezy love you too! ok going to bed for real!lol
thank you so much! merry christmas! rt @aaishabeex: lol i made this too.. @kimkardashian :) merry christmas
alright gonna try to go back to sleep now!
@jspikes_ merry christmas!
@laura_licious01 merry christmas to you too
@cbrito1020 thank you, you too! merry christmas
hahaha cute! rt @uwais_patel: @kimkardashian i made this in computer class
me and masey! i will show him! rt @alwaysforkhloek: auntie kiki and mason &lt;3 @kimkardashian hope you like this collage
@missamylauren awww thanks for watching!!!
@chaymaeel love you too!
watching "how the grinch stole christmas"
yum!
awww thank you! rt @kyliepediaa: @kimkardashian look what i made! i love you
thank you!!! rt @missbigbeauty: obsessed with my new true reflection body wash, lotion and perfume by @kimkardashian. smells amazing! :) &lt;3
@joe_tena thank you, you too!
@lanierryce thank you! you too!
@connorhall14 stop!!! tell your mom hi for me
good morning everyone! i am so anxious for christmas eve tomorrow! this is by far my favorite time of year!
counting down my 10 best moments of 2012!
freaks rt @khloekardashian: pretty typical. kourt and i being weird and kim staring at us like we are crazy. you so crazy!!
time to go back dark!
@sandysou1610 well i've missed you! ;-)
thanks! love red lips 4 the holidays rt @aj_vega: @kimkardashian was browsing pinterest and saw this pic, truly stunning!
a flash of midriff!
@tashapena07 that's very sweet! thank you soooo much!!!
@awwkardashian love you too! happy holidays!
yes they are! rt @kardashiannavy: @kimkardashian are the new kktm episodes going to be an hour long? :)
xo! rt @missamandaa_: omg omg omg! i can't wait to see the new tyler perry movie, temptation. it has my favorite girl in it @kimkardashian
lol rt @kyliejenner: who else survived? lol
vogue italia!
nothing says christmas like pink bows and lace!
who do you think will win tonight? all of the finalists are so good! they all deserve it!
wow @khloekardashian looks so festive and stunning tonight on xfactor! i remember when she 1st started the show, i can't believe its over!
christmas came earlier thanks to @giuseppezanotti !!!!! #custommade love you giuseppe! thanku
i can't wait to see what @khloekardashian wears tonight on the x factor finale!!!
so proud of @khloekardashian
don't forget @robkardashian's going to be at neiman marcus at 4pm today in topanga!! stop by and say 'hi!'
'temptation' trailer is here!!
christmas candles all over the house...heavenly!
these are fake! ;) 
lots of behind the scenes pics from our christmas card shoot!
there's no place like home! i'm soooo tied! finally a day off tomorrow! can't wait to sleep in, in my very own bed!
sisters in peplum!
i really loved instagram :-( i need to review this new policy. i don't think its fair.
fun shoot today @chrismcmillan he just can't control his scissor  hands! #bangs
our tanning lotion is doing great thanks to all of you! #kardashianglow
@khloekardashian hallelujah!!!!
family christmas shoot in all white!
our 2012 family christmas card is here!!
american hero
it's all about spending holidays with the ones you love @rachel_roy and pretty lights!
dream day with nicola formichetti!!!  @formichetti 
tis the season for dreams. vote for @dreamfound and fulfill final wishes. a couple seconds is all it takes
on my way!!! can't wait!!! rt @formichetti: working with gorgeous  @kimkardashian today !! so excited!!!!!!
make sure you enter @drinkmidoris sweepstakes for your chance to win a fab surfboard signed by me! 
@mirandaworld1 xo
@kimberlyk411 love you more!
awww thanks! rt @jess_nichols_x: @kimkardashian just ordered your true reflection perfume! love you loads kim  x
one of my favs! rt @misskirstywebb: yay so happy and excited my @khromabeauty_eu nude lip gloss came! love it so much!
last day in miami. bitter sweet! had the best time here but so ready to get home for the holidays!
rt @dashmiami: now until christmas eve, dash miami boutique will be accepting donations of unused diapers, wipes andbooks
christmas favorites!
good luck today @kendalljenner and @kyliejenner! have fun at @kardashiankhaos today!!!
happy birthday! rt @96hjc: @kimkardashian i got a top from the kardashian kollection for my birthday! it's amazing!!!
@chikaike you're so sweet! love you for that!
bet u looked great! rt @bethhaughian: got some great comments about my dress last night! thank u @kimkardashian for kardashian kollection
morning workout! hope you all have a good one!
at serendipity andreally want this frozen hot choc but gonna be good and eat this tuna salad instead
thomas in the house!!!
these kids come to school to learn, never expecting this tragedy to happen. they didn't deserve this. praying for everyone involved!
this is so so sad! these poor children
in total shock over the school shooting in ct! 18 children shot dead and 9 adults by a father of one of the kids! what has this world come to
duh! rt @thescottycunha: this is me right ?!@kimkardashian: #debbiedesperado
kimbo and kimbo
such a fun dinner last night @sushimikasa congrats @jonathancheban
love you mase
my birthday boy! 
should someone get a haircut for their birthday lol 
awww rt @wannabelikekim: @kimkardashian 
do i go wake up mason now for some birthday kisses???
rt @barrefaeli: follow your heart
this is the sweetest letter ever! i love u so much! rt @slaveforkardash: @kimkardashian please read this ...
watermelon juice
i did it for u rt @kyliejenner: @kimkardashian i feel this, sister
grueling rt @joycebonelli: my fav pic of kimkardashian #naked lol..if they only knew what we actually cover up everyday
#bandstomakeherdance
#yesyou
which palette should i play with today?!
kardashian kollection sneak peek...
#debbiedesperado
rt @tinacivita: @kimkardashian #kardashianglow just arrived at soleil tanning! smells so yummy
fact!!! rt @khloekardashian: those who are at war with others are not at peace with themselves.
oh my! not so sure! rt @ultimatekimk: the kris jenner gene seriously. i wish she could produce more daughters lol
early morning workout...i am not in the mood!
awwwwwwww i'm so excited right now!!!!! he looks so cute!!
wow i've never seen @kendalljenner like this!!!!
khloe looks so gorge tonight on xfactor!
when it comes to lashes, bigger is better!
driving and keeking! 
what is the name of the movie with bette midler and lily tomlin where they play twins?
my @shoedazzle picks for the holidays!
thank you! rt @katybaby02: i really can't help how obsessed i am with the kardashian kollection @kimkardashian
i love you too! rt @alwoldegorgeous: i can actually say i am in love with @kimkardashian #girlcrush
lol rt @kimkardashianb2: i'm a proud kimklover!! @kimkardashian love u
@hotchillys omg i need these! my whole family is obsessed with hot chillys! has been for years!
rt @lala: 5th and mercer is available now! this exact jumper designed by me and @jason_bolden! go to
can't wait to wear my "5th and mercer" jumpsuit @lala sent me!!!!
its made by lego and is about $200! where do u come up with this # from?  rt @lisamk07: @kimkardashian what a waste of 150,000.
@jadinonno but my tweet said that we will see! u won't be alive then dude!
anyone know where you can buy the lego birkin?
i want the lego birkin for christmas!
wow today is the last time we will ever see a triple date! happy 12-12-12
early morning workout. i'm exhausted now!
and i really love you!
my holiday gift guide!
congrats to my arthur george giveaway winners!
follow @jasonbinn on instagram for the hottest people and what they are doing over the holidays - gr8 pics! #d
@ultimatekimk happy birthday!!!! love you!!!
family rules...
vintage pearls, gorgeous lingerie and big hair!
enter for the change to win a flight out to #lasvegas to meet me this #newyearseve at @1oaklv!
rt @kardashianpedia: kim glams up with some khroma beauty lipgloss!
just in time for christmas!! rt @kendalljenner: can not wait for @kourtneykardash @kimkardashian and @scottdisick to come home for good!!!
vintage lingerie glam!
get styled by me and @kourtneykardash at one of our dash stores w @charityfolks to support victims of #sandy
hey doll! rt @zoealexandra93: i really want @kimkardashian to call me a 'doll'. just because.
me too! missed roro rt @kourtneykardash: love catching up w @robkardashian over yummy serafina lunch w @kimkardashian. i missed you roberto!
oh betty!!!
oh betty!!!
np shania twain- still the one. one of my fav songs of all time!
awww rt @officialjenners: i love this pic of @khloekardashian and @kimkardashian! they are so cute here
our christmas card looks soooo good this year! so fun! can't wait for you all to see it!
meet @robkardashian in miami tomorrow!!
thank you @trinitymiami church for the amazing service today!
it doesn't feel like christmas time in miami! i'm getting homesick :-(
at dash! its a dress by a designer myne rt @ree_arenza: won't rest till i find the same jumpsuit @kimkardashian tell me
@foryourspotllc thank you. so so sad
@l0r1sims i need to do some new make up blogs
love! rt @jasonbinn: @kimkardashian @verawanggang @kanyewest
classic nude lip!
christmas disney princess
guess where we are at? #unknwn #justdon @kanyewest @justdon @kingjames
there u go, fixed now. #kw #nofilter
kourt asked if my earring was a m for mason... sorry kourt it's just upside down
who knew @thescottycunha was such a chef! tuna with relish on baked cheddar sour cream and onion ruffles!?! #tryit #delish
support 'fashion targets breast cancer' for the chance to win a closet full of amazing designer items!!!
love you @noufalmoajil xoxooxox!!!!
heat/knicks game with my fam @lorenridinger and @jrridinger
my secret santa...
christmas nail art!
just got an update on zeke, the brave young man awaiting a heart transplant
#tbt cool bolo tie dad! @kourtneykardash and i 1987
#tbt my klique
nice to meet you 
we're so excited that our kardashian kollection launches today in indonesia at dorothy perkins! can't wait 2 see pics from the launch event!
good workout today with @kourtneykardash
chill night in our pj's and showing @lorenridinger the show extreme cougar wives!!! were watching it online! omg still no words for this show!
wow @khloekardashian looks sooooo gorgeous tonight on xfactor!!!!
awwww i do huh? rt @elliethorpe: omg @kimkardashian looks sooo much like @krisjenner in @vogue_italia!! 
italian vogue
you've been keeked!
@scarlethannah awww love you too!
go faux!
@shelovesrani never give up
@_____breezy not true ;-)
rt @godposts: usually the people who try and bring you down are the ones that need prayer the most.
dash
last day in jonathan's car before he gets his new one
i can be your twitter sister rt @kay_dash_: i wish @kimkardashian was my sister .
let's go indonesia! rt @jesspramudita: kardashian kollection for dorothy perkins launch tomorrow in jakarta,indonesia! @kimkardashian
you spelled perfect wrong, its t-o-r-t-u-r-o-u-s rt @lemanap: life would be perfect if @kimkardashian sings for me every night.
@layandawood yes i will ;-)
@kimyewest12 thank you for the fan page. its very sweet!
xoxo rt @jennnnydan: @kimkardashian what are my chances of getting a tweet from you? 1 out of 16,779,447
good luck today! rt @sparklingbabe6: wish me luck on my business final today @kimkardashian @khloekardashian
just finished a great workout with michelle from tracy anderson! great way to start my day! hope you all have a good one!
have the best day at school today! rt @bornakardashian: @kimkardashian wish me luck in school today! love you very much :)
how gorgeous is @khloekardashian looking tonight in kardashian kollection!?
i love christmas music so much! what are your favorite christmas albums?
looks like my sisters and i all have the same obsession right now!! lol
a close friend's 19 yr old brother is awaiting a heart transplant in need of help. find out how you can help zeke here:
frozen hot chocolate time!!!
spending the day with my bestie @jonathancheban
@barbie_babex yay!!! i'm so happy!!!!!! enjoy it!!!
gorgeous! rt @tyrabanks
reppin' @kimkardashian's homeland while smizin' it up on the cover of @cosmopolitan armenia!
gold rush
today's outfit #givenchyshirt #kardashiankollectionleggings #goldrolex #louboutins
stopped by dorothy perkins while i was in kuwait!
last day to bid on my designer ebay auctions!
to enter tweet or rt "i want to win @kimkardashians #arthurgeorgegiveaway
special holiday giveaway for you guys!!
my sisters...
love this! rt @vikihibbs: ooh kk collection at dots on oxford street @kimkardashian @khloekardashian @kourtneykardash
the santa clause and the grinch rt @kimberlyk411: @kimkardashian what's your favorite christmas movie? :)
awww so cute! congrats!!! rt @khloekardashian: congratulations to the duke and duchess of cambridge!! a royal baby!!! :) awwww so sweet
haha me too! i would bet on miss kardashian! rt @elanahankin: @kimkardashian hope it wins #australiahorseracing #tab
rt @chellydeee: @kimkardashian what does a girl have to do to get a tweet/retweet/follow from you?! #dieingoverhere
awww me and masey rt @dashiankk: @kimkardashian how cute is this?
love coming home to the beautiful rainbow 
new video: wonderful highlights of my trip to the kingdom of bahrain to launch millions of milkshakes!!
back in miami!
snowing here in germany. i haven't seen snow in a long time! reminds me of christmas!
hello germany!!!!
thanks @sheerazhasan and paresh a shah for an amazing trip to the kingdom of bahrain and kuwait. we did it!!!
18 hour flight...fun!
@lorenridinger i can't believe your finally in miami! on my way!!!! coming straight to you!
love u dana!!! good seeing you! rt @danamazen: kim: "youre everywhere, so cute" me:"thats just because i love you" @kimkardashian
thanks sheikh khalifa for your amazing hospitality. i'm in love with the kingdom of bahrain @bu_daij70
rt @itsthingsinlife: not to be rude but, i really don't care.. like, at all.
thanks for having me! rt @thewalkbahrain: she has arrived!! the fashionista, the business woman @kimkardashian!!
we can all make a difference today, help educate people and together strive for an aids free generation
camels!!!!!!
got camels milk???
camels in the desert of bahrain
the kuwaiti choir!!!!
i miss you so much
i love the pepsi cans here! i hope it's diet!
get keek - it's sooooo fun!! download the app and subscribe to me!
rt @mariaverell27: has anyone tried kroma by @kimkardashian? the pigment is amazing! get it if u dont have it already #freakingawesomemakeup
rt @sandysou1610: @kimkardashian i tweet you every day asking you to rt me .. you never do but i won't give up until you rt me. #devotedfan
love you rt @ilovekhloeko: praying that today is the day @kimkardashian tweets me and my sister @kweenkourtneyk &lt;3 we love you!!!
thank you! rt @mrscourtney02: i love how affordable the khroma beauty line is!! thank you so much @kimkardashian #excited #makeup :)
thanks @asnantower for the exceptional dental experience. i'm impressed with the clinic and level of expertise of your us trained specialists
sexy cut outs!
minimal makeup and natural hair
ill be spending my #newyearseve at @1oaklv @themiragelv this year! come count down to 2013 with me!
enter @drinkmidoris #sweepstakes for your chance to win a bedazzled surfboard signed by me!
i need a dentist in kuwait and i heard that @asnantower are the best. what do u think my kuwaiti friends?
thanks to everyone who showed up at millions of milkshakes in kuwait. check this out

fresh airport look #tomford #balenciaga #rickowens
i miss my sisters
kardashian kollection has gone worldwide!!
found this baby pic of @kendalljenner!
oh nicola stop! you're making me blush lol rt @formichetti: i talk shoulder pads and kim kardashian w nicola @formichetti
can't wait to see all my kuwaiti fans today at millions of milkshakes!!! @the_avenues @sheerazhasan
i love switching it up and trying new hair looks!
@jenner_girls i see you!!! love you too
so proud that our kardashian kollection clothing line launched here in kuwait yesterday at dorothy perkins! i need to go get a dress!
thanks! rt @dianarosasantos: @kimkardashian congrats on launching kardashian kollection at dorothy perkins in kuwait! i love my idol xx
@sid_e_sellers she really is! so proud of her
awww no tattoos!!! lol rt @robkardashian: @_jenkneefur: da bae @robkardashian
@kourtneykardash take a pic and bbm it to me!!! please! i'm missing out! love seeing koko's glam looks
awww wish i could see! rt @thescottycunha: omg @khloekardashian u look gorgeous tonight! as always duh! #11 #khloeonxfactor
right now i'm loving stroke of midnight!! @khroma_beauty: @kimkardashian which mascara are you loving right now? #khromabeauty
i just got a keek. excited to share my vids with you! download keek in the app store and subscribe to me
kardashian kollection hits runway at pitt st mall, sydney today 12:30pm! be there to shop the looks from @brasnthings @davidjonesstore
so excited we are launching kardashian kollection at dorothy perkins in kuwait!!!!
meeting with the us ambassador to kuwait, matthew tueller
just touched down in kuwait!!! riding to the hotel now! so excited to be here!
today has been such a weird day
got so distracted by your tumblr!
the theme at this shoot must have been big hair!! lol
slicked back hair!
@landrumalexia thanks! love you too!
@dalitaesmerian love you too!
@harmonygrantxox kourt is sick!!! lol
@c8lynnavarrette how bizarre!!! lol some of our fav words!
@kimkardashiaann happy birthday!!!
my post-thanksgiving diet and workout tips!
lots of items in my ebay closet, like this fab alexander mcqueen dress
passion!
i found this pic of us @mikesnedegar at one of our many fun vegas nights! #memories #happybirthday
fun @khroma_beauty look!
@jtello619 seriously! i'm now obsessed with this show!
watching extreme cougar wives... omgggg
the miss vogue shoot @kendalljenner shot is stunning!
kendall's legs... i'm jealous!
so sleepy quick nap in between filming
didn't u love this movie?!? i'm obsessed! rt @mslaurenlondon: watched katy perry movie on the plane. love her!!!
its so fun!!! thanks for showing me! rt @kyliejenner: welcome my family to keek!
my 1st keek!!!  it wasnt so good! lol
happy birthday @mikesnedegar!!!! love you so much!!!
christian louboutin "maggie" 160 pony leopard pumps:
the pippen gang!!!!
me and preston
girl time @larsapippen
rt @sheerazhasan: video message from @kimkardashian inviting you to millions of milkshakes in kuwait @the_avenues ...
in my ebay store: gucci indian jade suede "kelis" ankle strap sandals:
bid @charityfolks to get styled by me and @kourtneykardash at dash. look #fabulous and help #sandyrelief efforts:
please welcome @simonhuck to instagram!!!!
i love this little @khroma_beauty mascara set! a mascara for every mood, and an @ulta_beauty exclusive
thanksgiving dinner at my moms is beyond delish!!!
so thankful for my family!
happy thanksgiving everyone. i hope you are spending this day with the ones you love!
happy thanksgiving!!!
moon manicure
happy birthday @lorenridinger!!! i love you!!
flashing lights
wow, all i have to say is...carly rose. she sang the best version of somewhere over the rainbow!!!!
my little sisters are ridiculously beautiful!
khloe looks stunning tonight on x factor! so proud of you @khloekardashian!!! you were born to do this!
what's everyone doing for thanksgiving?
feels good to be home for a few days. excited to go see @khloekardashian at xfactor!
looking forward to my first kuwaiti photoshoot at @52degreeskw
featuring kuwait's top designers!
oh kardashian!
i wish i was strong enough to lift not one but both of us....
trunk sale at our melrose store tonight 7.30pm @kourtneykardash: don't forget the @dashboutique trunk sale is tonight at 7.30pm!
#kardashiankollection #dorothyperkins #lace
i miss dubai awww
woke up today irritated and annoyed. not sure why. gonna workout, maybe that will make me feel better.
hi danielle! rt @harromob: @kimkardashian my gf danielle is a big fan of kuwtk, today is her b'day! rt or #shoutout please? 
i will be home for thanksgiving. rt @robkardashian: there is only one person i need right now
hehe @joycebonelli *voice changes*. that phone call just made me miss u so much!
love
finished all of my christmas shopping today! its feels sooo good! now i need to pick a wrapping paper theme!
don't forget @dashboutique on melrose is having holiday trunk sale tomorrow at 7.30pm! perfect opportunity to get some xmas shopping done!
today's look #sallylapointedress #casedeiheels #celinecuff #peplum
going to get the key to the city!!!! such an honor! thanks north miami!
inshallah next week i head to kuwait and bahrain with my friend @sheerazhasan time to set the record straight! so excited about this trip!
exactly! like where do people even get this from!? rt @ultimatekimk: people should stop circulating rumors that ...
@kardashian95 thank you, you too! xo
i was sleep walking in my workout lol rt @serenawilliams: honestly babe- u never sleep. rt @kimkardashian: rise and grind! workout time!!!
@suzanaj1 exactly! lol
awww thanks!!! rt @jodieknott: last night i watched the last 5 episodes of this seasons kardashians! #bestshowever!!!! 
enjoy it! xoxo rt @amieflowers: just purchased my first @kimkardashian dress and bag! #powerfulstuff
dinner #spinach #avacado #pear #apples #yogart
sick!!!!! #kanyewest #giuseppezanotti
cruel summer kanye west giuseppe zanotti heels
my dates tonight! living it up!
lol fact! rt @larsapippen: truth be told "@khloekardashian: this just made my night "it has taken down presidents!! care for it wisely"
i know right! rt @kardashianpedia: silly gossip blogs rt @eonline: rumor kontrol! kim k did not reach out to kate ...
so incredible to see how these children's lives have changed!
how fab is bright denim in summer? friends down under head to @davidjonesstore for bright skinny jeans from our kardashian kollection denim!
wow @khloekardashian is about to go off!!! i love when she rants! what an entertaining human she is!
more is more!!! #chanel #lindaevangelista #90'ssupermodel'srule
@xneonheartsx awww feel better!
guess who is in miami!!!!!!!!! i've missed you so much koko @khloekardashian!!!!!
yes we are!!! rt @kourtneykardash: another workout with @kimkardashian! on a roll baby...
@slaveforkardash ahhh my dad called me kimbo sometimes!
@kardashiancyrus thank you! that means so much to me!
@kokokardashodom love you too!
just finished an amazing workout for 2 hours. we heat the room to 90 degrees. this is no joke!
@christy10000 dash....duh!!! ;-)
@dashonline_ i'm so sorry! he seems like a very strong man! i will pray for him! be strong for him!
a message to you guys
last night #marinecorpsball
special holiday trunk sale at @dashboutique!
back in miami! had a great time in north carolina!
@ultimatekimk awww. i miss my darker hair too! gonna go back to natural soon!
@gracetemple09 i hope it washes off lol
it's #xfactor time west coast! i love that i get to see @khloekardashian on weds and thurs nights when we're apart!
@i_am_dot_holla thanks so much for the invite tonight!!!
turn on #xfactor east coast! ahhh, who do you think will go home this week?
80s snowsuits! how do we look?
do what you can to help #restoretheshore. no donation is too small. tune in tonight and donate. 11/10c on @mtv
u will love it! rt @kai_pad: @kimkardashian finally managed to get the kardashian kollection - kim's gold bodycon dress
u will love it! rt @kai_pad: @kimkardashian finally managed to get the kardashian kollection - kim's gold bodycon ...
these smart aliens are so cute!! who wants to challenge me? can't stop playing it on my mobile
@kardashianpedia no way! thank you soooo much!!!
best workout every today!!! i'm exhausted!
don't forget to watch @gma this morning to get exclusive offers on my belle noel jewelry!! secret deals and steals will air just after 8am!!
wait i really love carly rose too!
my favorite is fifth harmony!!!
i always have the opposite comments from the judges.
get it @khloekardashian!!! you're doing so good on xfactor tonight!
love this eye
wow @khloekardashian looks stunning tonight on xfactor!!!
it's x factor time!! i love watching @khloekardashian on the show, who's watching with me!?
can't wait to watch x factor tonight!!! i love seeing @khloekardashian when i'm away from her!!!!!
all that glitters...
bout to go paddle boarding with @larsapippen and @jonathancheban
kardashian krazy
rawr
i miss mason and scotland!
the highlight of my london trip!
we are being so lazy! @larsapippen and i can't get up for dinner!
@myrhandakaylyou thank you soooo much!!!
@stefanpritidis welcome to my world! lol people always blow things up!
@hierooglyphics don't be upset :-( feel better!
love it!!!! rt @daisycwills: 6th sister to the kardashians love this dress!!!! @kimkardashian
make a difference
glam up your look with a little leopard and gold accents!! @shoedazzle
wish i was there @kendalljenner to celebrate with you last night! looked soooo much fun! the snow looked crazy!
wow last night my mom turned her house into a winter wonderland bday party for kendall. she even made the swimming pool and ice skating rink
bye germany!
my ebay auctions are all ending in the next couple of hours! last chance to get your bids in!
my baby
hanging out at the ema's with @ritaora and @taylorwsift13
i used all of me and my sisters khroma make-up tonight for the ema awards! such fab lashes too! gonna instagram a pic!
my ebay auctions are ending soon! check them out!
i'm wearing the coolest stephane rolland dress for tonight's mtv awards! hope you guys like it!
whats up #frankfurt! cant wait to present @ the #mtvema tonite! xo
@sheerazhasan on his way to @thewalkbahrain to check out the new millions of milkshakes before i arrive on dec 1st
i miss mercy!
is it good? never saw it rt @robkardashian: @kendalljenner: what channel!? rt @robkardashian:
the prince of egypt is on! hbo family 507!
thank you, london!!!
at dorothy perkins now! our mannequin's have swag
velvet!
@iheartkimnet awww i'm sorry i'm still at my photo shoot!
at an iconic photo shoot today with stephane rolland and the modas touch team!!! i've never shot anything like this before!
@neneleakes miss you too!!!!
@neneleakes i agree!!!! i love empowering other women to be successful, confident and happy!!!!
#flashbackfriday. terry richardson and i shooting at chateau marmont
model army!
just left the lorraine show with @kourtneykardash. was a lot of fun! now 15min nap time
on @itvlorraine at 9am!! who's watching? loving london so much! see you soon, lorraine!
just left the capitol breakfast show! so much fun...but were still listening ;-)!!! love you dave and lisa!
trying to get up and start my day! loving london 
x factor time east coast!!! miss you @khloekardashian
love my kardashian kollection dress i got today at dorothy perkins!
#vogueitalia
so excited to go to the coolest nightspot in london @movidalondon tomorrow night! london are you ready to party with us?!
thanks for your help choosing the dress! will be revealed shortly! heading to our launch party now! #dpkk
getting ready for our kardashian kollection launch party! which dress shall i wear?
rt @itv1 #kardashians will be live on @itvlorraine tomorrow morning! see exclusive promo
sister time
so glad you love our range! rt @laurenakaloz:  loving the kardashian kollection for dorothy perkins uk i'm all spent out now :) x
our 1st dorothy perkins customers!!!
thank u so much! good luck to u! rt @nickamparo: @kimkardashian hope your line reaches great success kim..rt for a future marine?..
u will love!!! xoxo rt @kardashianpedia: @kimkardashian sooooo exciting! placed my order online early this morning :)
rt @dorothy_perkins: the kardashian kollection launches today! start shopping the kollection now!
can't wait to see you @lorenridinger!!! so excited were both in london!
get ready bahrain and kuwait 22 days until i see my fans on nov 29 to dec 1st - for info
who's watching @khloekardashian on x factor right now!?
i can't wait! rt @kdashiankrazed: i'm crying of the thought of meeting my idols @kimkardashian @khloekardashian and @kourtneykardash #cantwait
awww sister power! rt @kimsdaughter_: @kimkardashian i made this to @khloekardashian @kourtneykardash and you! &lt;3
i'm praying for you rt @meghs481: @kimkardashian kim, maybe i please get a rt? i need some prayers, received some bad health news
hahaha! was fun! rt @officialkojo: on choice breakfast show tomorrow, hear what happened when i offered ...
we just launched kardashian kollection intimates at @brasnthings today! so excited to have our intimates in australia!
congrats @robkardashian!!!
just touched down in london-town 
just landed! anxiously awaiting to see who the next president would be!  heard the good news!!!! congrats president obama!!!!
taking off to london now! can't wait to land and see who the new president of the united states will be!!! so anxious!
shout out to claudia and her amazing hearthekardashians tumblr!
i love you i love you i love you rt @sezzerrrr: @kimkardashian i love you i love you i love you
@kellcrites i know right!!! i'm oct 21, bruce oct 28, kendall nov 3rd, mom nov 5th, lamar nov 6th! all in a week and a half!
london town here we come! rt @sheriplaydirty: getting wristbands on saturday to see @khloekardashian @kourtneykardash and @kimkardashian
awww thanks! beach day in miami rt @simonelishman_: my favourite photo of @kimkardashian ever
tune in 2 watch my friend @robinantinpcd tonite on lifetime #abbysultimate dance competition at 9/8c. don't miss it!
happy birthday reallamarodom!!!
did everyone get out and vote???
love these pics of me and my sisters in cosmo uk!
follow @jasonbinn on instagram and twitter for amazing pics of on what's hot and not.
all i need in this life of sin is me and boyfriend  
i'm filling out my voting card in a room filled w people,everyone is telling me their opinions! vote how you want ...
uk here we come!!
about to start a 2 hour workout with tracy anderson! praying she is easy on me! lol
happy birthday simonhuck!!! i love you so much!!!
happy birthday @krisjenner!!
25 days to go until i meet my fans in kuwait at millions of milkshakes for all inquires
wearing kardashian kollection on the cover of you magazine
another birthday today!
thanks @ashleighcadtrox3 for the amazing tape dispenser!!! i love it!!!
happy birthday to @kendalljenner 
khloe looks so gorge on the cover of yerevan magazine
this morning on my way to the gym. couldn't be prettier
emerald!
feeling catty
lots of new items in my ebay closet, like these christian louboutin daffodile pumps!
intruders beware!
your welcome! love you! rt @brittgastineau: thank you @kimkardashian for donating a bag for the @lupusla lunch..great cause xo
we're on the cover of @cosmopolitanuk!!!
everyone tune in to e! tonight at 8pm et to watch hurricane sandy: coming together benefit! #sandyhelp @redcross
such a beautiful day in miami
just saw a dolphin in my backyard! aren't they good luck?
fab @sears sale todayandsat! $10 off kardashian kollection when u spend $40 before 1pm
red leather love
just added new items to my ebay closet with @auctioncause!! louboutin, alaia, celine and more! happy bidding!!
seriously my sister @khloekardashian looks so stunning on @xfactorusa! love her hair,make up, that blue dress, everything!
all dressed up for jazz class at age 7
fun night out in miami beach for the @samsungmobileus #galaxynoteii event!
cat woman and batman
me and batman last night!
our bat clique last night! anthony, me, kanye, jonathan, kourtney, scott
our batmobile last night!!!
throwback thursday @tracyhnguyen no filter can fix this lol #2007
throwback thursday @robkardashian scottiepippen @larsapippen @krisjenner #2010
heading to liv now w the crew! can't wait for u to see my costume! the whole crew has a theme. even cars to go w our theme! pulling up soon
yes she does! rt @krazyforkardash: khlo looks gorgeous! #xfactorusa
omg!!! i'm literally crying! @khloekardashian looks beautiful on the xfator!!! not sure why i'm crying, just so proud of my little sister!
watching commercials with @khloekardashian on x factor! omg!!! #proudsister
i am too! lol didn't happen rt @misszhane: @kimkardashian pregnant and married , i'm confused when did this happen?!
can't wait to watch the x factor in 30mins!!!!! @khloekardashian's 1st show! its live!!! good luck khloe!!! can't wait to watch
rosy and romantic
kardashians vip!
just finalizing our costume's for my bday-halloween party at liv tomorrow! you guys are gonna love this! the whole fam has a theme!
these pictures of the devastation are just shocking
too cute!!!! 
vote 4 'drop dead diva' to win people's choice award
@gingerxoxoxoxo i need to come back soon for some bignets! i miss it there!
forever ever? rt @dopecam98: @kimkardashian ahh i'll love you forever now 
these are incredible! rt @phoebe_lanz: @kimkardashian @kourtneykardash @khloekardashian in art my friends drew you!!!
. @magaly637 no its not! i never believed in it. the bible states otherwise. i just don't like to get freaked out by 2012 stories
exactly! rt @cappadonna: point is kids-&gt; the mayan myth is a myth. its like a desk calendar just runs out of ...
phew! rt @cappadonna: @kimkardashian lol just means the universe hits restart and the earth will be sitting ...
@tristanrobertsc my tweet said my friends are safeand i'm so thankful 4 their safety. don't be rude. its very ...
don't freak me out cap! rt @cappadonna: 2012 end of the mayan calendar. 26k years later the planet is spinning back toward the divine lite
waking up today and talking to my friends in jersey and new york just so thankful everyone is safe!
stay true to yourself
@kimkfannet hey! i didn't get any dm's. xo
all my friends from nyc are sending me pics of this storm. praying for everyone on the east coast! i hope everyone is safe!
wake up
@emmasyme1 awww penelope's middle name is scotland!
@emilaaaaya tweet me a pic if you do!
thx 4 watching! rt @ariyana70_m: watching the kardashians dishing out (: loving it ! @khloekardashian and @kimkardashian , @kourtneykardash
on another level! bible! cuuuute!
omgggg @robkardashian being weird!!!! you guys don't even know! he is like this all day, every day!!!! he's sooo cute!
get it @scottdisick rt @kardashiannavy: lord disick is trending in the us!
this bromance @robkardashian has going on with @reallamarodom and @scottdisick is funny! rob is a two timer!!!
omg these @khloekardashian and me clips are cray!!!! this unseen footage is so funny!
awe this is so cute!!!
anyone know of a good church in miami? when i can't go i watch @brad_s_johnson online at
i am proud to share this with you!
back in miami now. missed the storm. i'm praying for everyone on the east coast. i hope everyone is safe!
rainbows, glitter and a pesky from my boys clydehairgod @robscheppy
can't wait for our kardashian kollection launch party in london! @youmagsocial is giving away 3 pairs of tickets
have a blessed sunday everyone!
fun times last night @kanywest @joycebonelli @carladibello simonhuck
too much midori
love my girls @lala @joycebonelli @carladibello
me and my captain!
halloween party fun with @lala
splash
getting ready for my midori halloween party tonight!!! any idea of what my costume party will be???
sex and the city kinda day! @joycebonelli @rachel_roy @carladibello #i'vemissednyc
halloween 1982
@mayabourgi what!?! its so hot out! perfect weather
@love8stephanie i see u baby!
oh i get what u 2 are talking about. u tried to borrow them 1st. 3 of them! i just tried to borrow 1. rt ...
baked some pumpkin shaped cupcakes today with mase. can't wait to carve some pumpkins this week. i love halloween
gold on black on black
sister love rt @y_shaaban: @kendalljenner looks like @kimkardashian here it's unbelievable
make sure you follow @khroma_beauty! our new makeup line launches next month and they'll be giving you all the updates!
question- if the united states had a royal family who would it be? answer- ..... #familyfeud #omg #whooowhoo
af!!!! lol rt @shhhh_itsher: @kimkardashian would be "badd" af with tatts
@aborowiec14 @donnydattolo awwww thanks guys!
i can't wait to see my girls!!! rt @larsapippen: can't wait to see my sisters  @lorenridinger and @kimkardashian
@kardashian411 i know!!! i cringe looking back but its funny! such fun memories
the @dashboutique on melrose trunk sale just started! shopping, champagne, 20% off designers! stop by the store tonight!
who's wearing what!?
eid mubarak to my friends across the world can't wait to see you at millions of milkshakes in kuwait next month @sheerazhasan @shadighanim
get some sleep! xoxo rt @crazykaa97: #10reasonswhyyoucantsleep because @kimkardashian. might tweet ... :) 
love you too! rt @annelovelala_28: @kimkardashian just saw that u're replying to ur fans.omg omg!hope u notice and reply to me too!love u&lt;3
we have
happy birthday @ciara!!! love you!
doing a photo shoot in the rain in this storm is very sexy! hard and messy but sexy! #kourtneyandkimtakemiamibystorm lol
new kardashian kollection clutches
getting so excited to wear my costume at my #greenhalloween bash with @drinkmidori! like them to find out what it is!
omg were so young! kyles look! lol rt @kardash_delrey: #tbt @kimkardashian and @kyliejenner so so cute!!
throwback thursday me and yeezy 2008
i'm soooo excited to see you this weekend @lala!!!!
twerk
fun fashion moment!
red lips and cat eyes!
i love @intraceuticals facial treatments. getting them makes me feel so 
rejuvenated and refreshed
i just wanna chill in my sweats all day!
a beautiful night in nyc
love this glam michael silva and @meredithbaraf
date night! #balmaindress #lorraineschwartzjewels #muglerheels #sexyafboyfriend
kind of! lol rt @barrefaeli: i just called someone "sweetie" ... does it mean i'm getting old?!
lots of laughs last nite at the angel ball w my best friends thank u @denise_rich 4 the beautiful event w a cause that's so close 2 my heart
omg lol!! rt @ryanseacrest @kimkardashian my producer @laffit is mercy for halloween...my bday gift to u ;)
hello gorgeous!!
help me raise funds for @curecancernow by bidding @charitybuzz to hang with me in #nyc or #la!
vote for @forevermalika
love you sooo much!!! rt @carladibello: happy birthday @kimkardashian! can't wait to celebrate...love u!
chuuurl!!!! love u so much!! rt @sheivag: happy birthday to my big sis kimkardashian ! love you much churlllllll 
love you sooo much sis!  rt @larsapippen: happy birthday kimkardashian!! i love you so much
thanks kenny!! rt @kennyhamilton: happy birthday @kimkardashian i love ya!!!
@gplatinum thank you sooo much!!! live you!!!
hahaha love you! rt @atkinjen: happy birthday 2 a huge cat and grannie lover kimkardashian ! 
awww snap! love u rt @robkardashian: happy birthday to my beautiful sister @kimkardashian. pop bottles like you just won a championship game
love u more! rt @kendalljenner: happy birthday @kimkardashian ! i love u so much!!! i couldn't ask for a better big sis
aww love u twin soul rt @kyliejenner: happy birthday 2 my big sissy kimkardashian i love you so much u understand ...
awwww thanks koko! rt @khloekardashian: for kimmie on her birthday...
the laughs in pj's 4 sure! rt @lorenridinger:in our pjs in miami! rt @sandra_mcgrath: @lorenridinger what's your fav memory w @kimkardashian
see u tomorrow! love u! rt @lorenridinger: happy birthday to my girl @kimkardashian hope you are having a fab day:) and i know u are! xo
@xo_bianca_xo aww thank you soooo much bianca!!!
@kardashiannavy omg wow this is so special! thank you soooo much!!!
@_alexkardashian thank you soooo much!!! sooo sweet!!!
nyc: friday at 6pm. join me and nyu sociology prof eric klinenberg for a discussion on modern dating. tickets:
participate in #givingtuesday! put your money towards a good cause. check out @oxfamamerica:
thanks fam "@stephencapps: @chelseavperetti @azizansari agreeing w aziz prob 80-85%
everyone, please help save lives in the philippines, donate to @oxfamamerica's haiyan relief and recovery fund:
how have i never dressed up as simon phoenix for halloween?? next year!
this video from @brentweinbach is the funniest thing i've seen in a while. can't urge you enough to watch:
@americanair hi can you guys help me? think i left a bag on a flight. i tried to dm but it says y'all don't follow me :/
@baileyon3bradio oh man! i couldn't ever get it right and threw it out. how'd it go? maybe i can try to fix it now.
hi i'm answering questions on @reddit_ama for the next hour or so. ask me stuff. here's a link:
my new standup special buried alive is finally out. watch it on netflix now:
i was fortunate enough to chat with the amazing charlie rose yesterday. watch it here:
had fun with my buddy grover at sesame street today.
just show up and you're in! #cantmakethisclearerfolks @warswim04: @azizansari i'm nearby and wanna go! how can i claim?"
it's a free screening! no more questions from you! "@tiffanyjane666: @azizansari how much are they??"
@tiffanyjane666 done!
nyc: held a few tickets for special screening of buried alive at village east on 12th and 2nd ave at 830. i'll be here to intro.
@msteinie i will look into it. dangerously delicious is on itunes. i can't put it on my site due to boring contractual shit.
netflix debut on nov 1. the $5 download will be available on my site 6 months later. rt @alextrott will it be $5 again?
@sarahmargaret12 haha what book is this?? i'm doing conan next week. we should show it.
lou bega fans be at ease. (via @t00l3g1t)
if you don't have a halloween costume, dress normally and say "i'm tim from rizzoli and isles!" no one will question it.
hey! watch a clip from my new standup special buried alive:
business idea: spin class where you eat ribs while you spin. "push, push! imagine you're going up a hill to eat ribs..."
note: anyone unsure about seeing the stallone/arnold prison movie escape plan, @50cent plays a computer technician named hush.
damn tv guide!! that seems a bit mean. how you gonna hate on barney that hard?
can't believe the nobel peace prize went to jeff daniels for his work on the newsroom. insane.
la: held a few tickets at the door tonight for my work in progress show at largo. show is at 830.
.@iamdiddy what should i eat for lunch?
loved gravity but disappointed i didn't even get to audition for the role of the goofy indian astronaut. #mywheelhouse (cc @alfonsocuaron)
.@houseofcards, season 2 episode idea: a rogue indian senator (aziz ansari) meets with frank for ribs at freddy's.
los angeles: working on new material on thursday at 830. tickets are $20. go here to grab:
pusha t feat kendrick lamar - nosetalgia. wow:
nyc: working on new material this saturday at 1015pm. tickets are $10. get em here:
#azizbreakingbadtheory: jason street shows up in his wheelchair.  walt notices a strange bell. reveal: street working w/grandma saracen.
#azizbreakingbadtheory: coach huddles w/walt, smash, todd, and riggins. coach taylor finally makes walt realize he should save jesse.
#azizbreakingbad: todd teams up with walt to take down uncle jack. need someone really fast to run w/the ricin: enter smash williams.
#azizbreakingbadtheory: huell decides to save jesse, gets sidetracked when he goes to get a pulled pork sandwich.
#azizbreakingbadtheory: coach taylor and tim riggins convince todd aka landry to turn himself into the police.
hoping south carolina trending on twitter has to do with sports and not a racist/homophobic incident... #fingerscrossed #scpride
watch @sethrogen and i brainstorm in the trailer my new netflix standup special buried alive:
coming soon: big bud, lil' bud!
shit. didn't make it. #nexttime #keepyaheadupfollowers
twitter fam - watch  brooklyn 99 on fox tonight at 830. producers from parks, samberg, and @chelseavperetti! it's good.
oh damn! its usher with "you make me wanna." #jaggededgewherethepartyatradiolivetweet
uh ooooooohhhhhhhh!!!!
has anyone successfully eaten two full sausage egg and cheese mcgriddles? #americanheroes
update 2: ahhhhh! i feel like garbage. kill me!!! #azizannualmcgriddlebite
update 1: damn. that was delicious. #azizannualmcgriddlebite
oh i did that comedy central james franco roast. watch it tonight at whatever time it airs. #badpromotweets
the $5 download option will be avail 6 months after "@theshin will it be available through other sites? i don't have netflix"
yep. worldwide. nov 1st. "@caldoughty: @azizansari @netflix will this be in the uk too?"
@thetomjacob doesn't have a name yet, this is post buried alive material though
dayton, oh and traverse city, mi: i'm doing standup in your cities. get tickets here:
i'm writing a book about modern romance. i think you'll enjoy it. more info here:
.@shondarhimes also still also pulling for a later season crossover arc where tommy dates olivia pope... thoughts?
tommy's new love interest on parks! rt @thr #orphanblack star @tatianamaslany headed to parks and rec
added a few new tour dates in michigan and ohio - get tickets at
whenever you see a tough looking dude, yell "oh shit! look out for that bee sahn!!" then you'll find out how hard dude really is.
this smiths-charlie brown tumblr is amazing:
los angeles: working on new jokes thursday at 830pm. $20. get tickets here:
@rastaroor it's on go to
@djflipside33 i have to do all my tour dates sahnnnnnn
holy shit. is craig david about to start trending on twitter because of this??
craig david me on why it matters how old that jam is sahn rt @geminimoon craig david me on why it matters that the song is old sahn
new phrase i'm trying to get out there: "hey, craig david me on that later." (meaning 'fill me in')
i want to dedicate this song to all my new followers:
i want to dedicate this song to anyone who ever unfollowed me on twitter:
legit forgot the password haha rt @thomtravis  are you going to resurrect the sgt. brody twitter account?
@andyinglis promise, we working on it! and buried alive will be on vinyl too. sorry for the hold up.
i want to be! they ain't enough indian dudes in these franchises. smh. rt @jamcap1 when are you gonna be in a superhero movie?
did someone just send you this too??
when i tour again, yes. new tour show is 90% written. buried alive special out in fall. rt @rheycat will you be doing a show in atl soon?
my twitter is the worst. do you guys have any questions? do you like the q and a things? i'll answer some now for a few mins. go!
sad news folks. the academy has decided not to have me and waka flocka flame co-host the oscars this year.
@emmurica tnt knows drama!! amc is "something more."
.@pattonoswalt thoughts on me as blade?
really need to get my career in shape guys. i need a franchise, whatcha'll think about me as blade? it's 2013, we need an indian blade!
update: just got fired cause i weigh 130 lbs, am not muscular, and have no knowledge of martial arts. #thatshollywoodyall
also god dammit my twitter sucks, i will do my best to step it up. sorry followers not in these cities...
nyc: working on new jokes on 7/31 at 8pm. $10. go here for tickets:
stockholm: we added another show monday at 8pm. get tickets here:
i'm a guest on comedy bang bang tonight at 10/9c on ifc. watch that. kroll is on it too.
stockholm: we added another show on saturday. get tickets here:
stockholm: we held a few tickets for tonight's show to buy at the door. sdra sllskapet. 8pm. come!
@juliosaurien well sold out as in lottery over for tomorrow, tonight's is open.
@martinegholm thanks, don't have time this trip unforch
@fdenneche don't have time this trip
stockholm: also, tickets for tomorrow are sold out, when you go to the site, only check the box for tonight's show:
stockholm: i added a second show tonight at 8pm. click here if you want to get tickets:
stockholm: trying out new material on 19/7 at 8pm. tickets here:
want to enthusiastically recommend everyone marathon the fuck out of abc's scandal. @shondarhimes and co made an amazing show. loved it.
.@s_c_ was it true the original title of tom ford was izod?
.@s_c_ are we really pushing our illuminati lunch meeting for you to do this twitter q and a?
@s_c_ can i do swizz-esque adlibs on the next album? "let's get to it!" "woo!" "watch out for bees!"
i also think harrison and tom go to the same shop for their suits. they have very similar style.
since parks and scandal exist in the same universe (see previous tweets), i now want to believe olivia's mentor was donna meagle.
perd hapley is in season 2 of scandal. meaning olivia pope exists in the parks universe!!
how did i just now find about this movie starring paul walker and 8 dogs??!
@grungejunkie385 shut up idiot. cheese stores are all over the country. don't try to make me sound elitist cause you don't know bout cheese
@emteeel montreal dude!!! yay!!! glad to hear it.
i wanted to workout today but instead i'm going to the cheese store. #fatsolife
@chelseavperetti @hannibalburess haven't checked my phone, will do now.
alright i'm done. @iamdiddy swimming with a dolphin:
.@funkmasterflex i dont need a samsung i need a flex phone, flex start your line of smartphones!! you got this!!!!
.@funkmasterflex all these other djs is gravy and you sopping em up like biscuits flex!!
big discussion on what show we should all binge watch together. @dargandhi123 really pushing hard for graceland on usa.
family time w/@harrisrules13 and @dargandhi123. dar streaming the shield in one room. harr rewatching how i met your mother in the other.
go see @kevinhart4real's standup concert film let me explain in theaters this weekend!
montreal: a few tickets are available at the door for my 8pm show at comedy works tonight. $10. new material.
@lindsaypolak re-email wip@azizansari.com, i'm not sure what you mean...
@eliothrrsn call venue and ask i dunno
montreal: a few tickets are available at the door for my 8pm show at comedy works tonight. $10. new material.
montreal ppl: have you met someone in the last week or so? been texting back and forth? if so, email wip@azizansari.com with subject: tbf.
watch bill burr be very funny on conan as he discusses paula deen:
montreal: if you lost the lottery, there will be a few standby tickets available tonight. 2 shows: 8pm and 10pm at comedyworks. $10.
@chelseavperetti cool mc name
@liazneimer you should check out sherry turkle's stuff about texting. her ted talk is great. #toolazytolinkitforyouthough
.@americanairlines if needed, please let edward snowden chill in the admiral's club, think that'd be a cool move...
i can't keep up with all the scandals, can someone give me a list of what to be mad about
"aziz what are you doing!?" "sorry sir, just seeing how much color me badd money the dudes in color me badd still got...." #azizatthensa
if i was in the nsa, i'd be looking up random people all the time. every 10 minutes i'd be like, i wonder what ja rule is up to?
@michaelskantor @deanoarchibald not sure i follow. please email the white guy i hired for tech support - wip@azizansari.com
@deanoarchibald i don't understand what you mean. we've received plenty of submissions so it works. can you be specific?
what? you wanna know what's on the menu at little pigs bbq in columbia, sc? i got you:
montreal: i'm doing super small shows to work on new jokes in your city this week. tickets here:
hey @questlove has a book out! i can't imagine this is anything but very dope:
someone bout to be real disappointed at tonight's london gig...
london: show tonight at hammersmith apollo. opener: @moshekasher. doors: 630pm. show: 730pm. some tix avail here:
@hamapollo can you take this down? these times are not right as far as i know. especially time length for my set and opener set.
@joemande just dm'd tyrese. will keep you posted joe!!!
ok @tyrese, so  @thelonelyisland and i are dying to eat at gibsihana's. can we make this happen after you finish the #tgt tour?
wait @tyrese, gibsihana is a benihana style restaurant you built in your own backyard??
.@tyrese, need a real special place. something unique, private, a one of a kind experience. any thoughts?
hey @tyrese, was trying to take @thelonelyisland out for a special dinner to celebrate the success of the wack album, any suggestions?
go see this is the end this weekend. it's fucking awesome!!!
7pm! i've gotta go!!! rt @joshalbert 2m @azizansari what time does the show start
nyc: some ppl who won lottery did not respond to confirmation emails. limited standby tickets at 43 bleecker st. go now! #sorryifirrellevant
nyc: some ppl who won lottery did not respond to confirmation emails. limited standby tickets at 43 bleecker st. go now! #sorryifirrellevant
nyc: re: email confirmations. they have gone out. a second batch will go out at 5pm if people haven't confirmed. thanks everyone!
oh shit! @thelonelyislandgonna put a horse head in my bed if i dont tell ya to cop the new album. get it:
nyc: i'm working on new jokes tomorrow at 7. get tickets at:
will smith tried to warn us about the nsa in enemy of the state, and now we mock jaden in after earth? #whenwillwelearn
lonely island's diaper money is maybe my top hip hop track of the year. #wobbldwobbldhopintomygraveplot
@m_blaase i'm not sure what you mean, i told em 2 tickets per person to minimize scalping.
@doublepumplatte i don't know what you mean
nyc: sorry folks all tickets gone. i might do more soon. and i want to do other cities too. check back soon...
@crenshaw_cody you're not good at math
@johnyonyourspot @subculture_nyc tell i said all ages!
@ordinarycookie no
@sandman8806 @subculture_nyc i might
also i want some older people's opinion on this new material. holding 15 tickets for people over 50. serious. show an id and they're yours.
nyc: working on new jokes tonight @subculture_nyc 45 bleecker street. 730pm. $10 tickets avail at door now. cash only. 150 seats.
nyc: sorry, announcement at 6, details being finalized...
london: i'm performing at the hammersmith apollo on june 15. get tickets here:
"your word is 'caucasians.'" "can i hear it in a sentence?" "big surprise - the caucasians shit the bed again at this years spelling bee."
god damn, this is very funny. @nathanfielder did another texting experiment:
rumored: post credits of fast 6, a red prius pulls up. inside - jesse and celine from the before series. #crossover #leggo
if you think that richard linklater can't follow up before midnight, i have two words for you - the rock. #franchiseviagra
here's part 1 of my jimmy fallon interview. i discuss dating and staying out til 4am:
really need to text with harris more often.
i might be the only person in america that's seeing before midnight and fast 6 back to back next weekend. two of my fav franchises.
london: ok my show at the hammersmith apollo on june 15th is finally on sale. get tickets here:
@fubarcrew this is the buried alive show, its explained on
@ultimatedude79 i did the midland, where were you bro
@georgezarick did 4 shows at constitution hall a few weeks ago
@yo_ell i came to apollo, carnegie, and beacon. where were u
@joshypoo2012 i did the paramount for 2 nights. where were u #somefan
@that_jewfroguy i did! sony centre. where were u
omaha, cleveland, albany, dallas, houston: tickets onsale for my standup dates here:
my friend @amyschumer's show #insideamyschumer is on at 1030 tonight on comedy central. watch it!!
@wonderwaage currently no, but i filmed this set as a special, so you could watch that when it comes out
london: official. tickets on sale may 9th at 9am for my gig on june 15:
yeah. god damnit. i just can't get anything right... @texasf0rever: @azizansari do you mean 9/5?
london: i'm performing at the hammersmith apollo on 6/15. tickets on sale tomorrow at 9am:
kinda bummed i've never been approached about making my own line of headphones.
@herridav with my accuracy in dates/times and your spelling, we'd kill it together. #jointaccount #leggo
houston: sorry, tickets are on sale now for my show on 5/30. go get em here:
@footesports yes show on sunday -
iron man 3 looks cool! #nowyoucantsayijusttweetabouttourdates
houston: new tour date. 5/30 at bayou music center. tickets on sale tomorrow at noon:
@jmoney42179 already did seattle on this tour. paramount theatre. where were you man
@kingscastle83 read the note on
vegas, phoenix, salt lake city: still some tickets available for my shows this weekend:
oh yeah, back in sc, i took some dance classes. (i'm back row, 2nd from the left)
for those asking, the show at third man in nashville is all ages. come early to make sure you get in though.
nashville: if you want to hear me work on some new jokes, come to third man records tonight. doors at 11. show at midnight. free!
"hey don't write anything about the nba on twitter today. please!!!" -  pr teams to their homophobic clients
actually, i'm just gonna nap. forget my
previous tweet. #sorrytwitterville
riding back from boston with comedy's @toddbarry, if anyone has any questions for todd, hit me, i'll ask him and report back...
new parks tonight  #reallyphoningitinontweets
boston: i'm doing a benefit show for the marathon victims on sunday. tickets on sale tomorrow at noon. 
@blackvelvetini no, i don't take pics when i'm drinking. much different policy!
can someone make an 800 # for me to call and talk to someone about what i should eat for meals/snacks? (cc @chelseavperetti)
tig notaro was really funny on conan:
south asians - we need to step up bone marrow donation. help save lives by taking 5 secs to swab your cheek:
one of my favorite coachella moments ever:
me, 2chainz, pusha t, black dude in tnght #darkskinnedminoritiesatcoachella
can anyone confirm the rumored daft punk show at the palm springs chuck e cheese? #coachella
instead of going to coachella, i'm about to go see 42 seven times this weekend, who wit me!!!!?
@chargercasey yes, the buried alive special i just filmed. this is that tour.
@thisistheduke  did this show though cause so many people couldn't come to that small club
salt lake city: i'm doing standup in your city on 5/7. get tickets here:
@alex_vo @comedycentral hey!!! that was said to you in private alex.
@realspaceman @comedycentral yeah "
whomever came up with these type of plane pillows - congrats. this is the shittiest product thats ever
@questlove already gotta a guy there man. don't make this turn out like that cosby show episode!!
my "oh brudder" improv made it into parks!  (cc @chelseavperetti, @davidcho, @southcackneez) #ohbrudder #ob2013
thanks, advil for inviting me to perform for 100 amazing sandy relief volunteers after the @brooklynnets game #reliefinaction
ill be on @theviewtv this morning to talk about what i am doing with advil for some sandy relief volunteers tonight #reliefinaction
west virginia: shows in morgantown tonight. some
tix left for 930:
whoa! jack bauer vs ron swanson!!
also dc folks there's a few tickets left for the final of my 4 shows at dar constitution hall. saturday 10pm:
touring in some small towns soon. you know what that means. gi joe retaliation, you about to get watched.
@kristasmith thanks to you too krista and to all the question askers. have a lovely day everyone!!!
@kristasmith i loaf around backstage?
@kristasmith @spencehord test screen, try to improve with each video, focus on making a good body of work, not views. but i dunno really!
@kristasmith @bigman79mb soulja boy and various bad comedy involving dudes humping the stool
@kristasmith hard to pinpoint one person but maybe kenneth "babyface" edmonds?
@kristasmith @rbizzle83 bad cop. and the good cop is a cute lil puppy named peanut brittle.
@kristasmith @celsocorecorrea wikipedia
@kristasmith @bigsounds only movies i've seen are mrs doubtfire, home alone, and jurassic park :/
@kristasmith @lukeleifeste "too tom. too furious."
@kristasmith @alisonmbarnes @parksandrecnbc easy. jason statham as tom's long lost brother.
no i read em sometimes. #notreally #noido #notreally #noidosometimes
ahh ok, i've quickly realized this is not helpful. nevermind twitterville. back to never reading your @ messages! hahahah!
hey quick favor, if you have good photos of me on stage during my buried alive tour, can you tweet at me with #azizburiedalivepics?
i'm doing a "twitterview" tomorrow w/@kristasmith from @vanityfair, send in questions now to #askaziz to be answered tomorrow at 11am pst.
@kfk5025 both
how badass is the unsolved mysteries theme song? shoutout to black lips for playing it as outro last night.
really dope early smiths rehearsal tape (pablo cuckoo tape):
after the gas station episode, nathan for you is now my favorite comedy on tv. please watch this show:
regram. vintage shot of young darwish and harris goin ham on some trikes.
@frostysr it is.
can't wait to watch enlightened heard its so good. just been too busy to watch ---- oh fuck, what!? it's cancelled? damn hbo hold up a sec!
when doing press for game of thrones, the cast really needs to stay dressed in character. shit fucks with my head too much.
@djshadow hi. where can i get more psych rock type shit like diminishing returns disc 2? love that thing. your fan, aziz.
i've found 95% of the time when people say "aziz is a dick in real life" they've just run into a confused indian man with a beard.
@ben_is_me being funny on twitter isn't important to me compared to writing standup, scripts, etc. i don't focus on it at all.
@seanlarkin1 i did 6 shows at the wilbur on this tour already. i'll have a new tour soon i hope.
@nardi_mike i did apollo, carnegie, and beacon twice. how did you miss all those sahn???
morris crushed it on
parks tonight!
new parks tonight at 830/730c w/jean ralphio's
sister and jason schwartzman. watch!
just heard director terence malick only takes dick pics during the magic hour.
fellow food club captain/all around great guy @ericwareheim directed an awesome video for beach house. watch:
would you guys be bummed if i said i never read @ replies anymore cause i felt it was wasting time? #howwouldifindoutifididntreademanyway
i also made this marc vetri braised monkfish recipe recently that was amazing. really going niche here with these tweets. sorry.
watch: funniest thing i've seen in a while. nathan for you:
new spring buried alive tour dates: phoenix, san diego, dallas, boulder and more! go to
new spring buried alive tour dates on sale: dc, richmond, cleveland, albany, minneapolis and more! go to
i'm doing shows in pittsburgh, red bank, nj, and richmond, va. tickets on sale now:
neesons aint got a statue.
@nickmello1 @anthonyjeselnik @amyschumer good. two of my favorite comics. taping was fun.
i'm a guest on @anthonyjeselnik's new show the jeselnik offensive tonight at 1030 on comedy central with @amyschumer. watch that shit.
preach. @southcackneez: putting one in the air for the greatest fictional president of all time david palmer #presidentsday
is there any place to get martin's potato rolls in la? #onlyacceptableburgerbun
@sturkle hi sherry! i sent you a dm.
hey everyone on twitter, let's retire our usernames because nothing beats brandonkadonk. #greatestthingiveeverheard
brandonkadonk? @alexa_eyring: what about that badonkadonk dough @thelonelyisland: jorm is back on girls tonight @brandonkadonk das you
as a parks castmember and longtime glaser fan, i am biased, but jeremy jamm might be the best tv villain since gus fring.
@i_am_pez
rt @harrisrules13: pretty pathetic when a grocery store doesn't have reese's puffs #smh
@fhyrew dc show is buried alive. didn't get to tour it there yet.
@jesseellyn i did chicago theatre a few months back! where were you????
@glock9fos spring. date will
be announced soon
dc: i added a third show at constitution hall. tickets on sale now:
i've realized i watch the key and peele liam neesons sketch every day and it is my favorite thing:
parks and rec is on now east coast, sorry i'm late. west coast you got 3 hours. central time, i dunno 2 hours?
@jayleemaruk where am i performing? i don't believe i am??
if you find love frustrating because of text messaging and other modern nonsense - read my @theavclub piece:
@alex_mantell dangerously delicious on
@wintercheck wdb
 @chelseavperetti: what if a puppy knocked on your door right now
read this: @theavclub interviewed me about love. it gets kind of dark but i hope you enjoy it:
@josiahmartin45 @amyschumer spring cc'ing amy in case she wants to come
la: get free tix to a taping of comedy central's the jeselnik offensive" with me and @amyschumer here:
parks is on tonight. #lazyplug
la: i'm doing standup at ucb-la tonight at 11pm to work on some new jokes. tickets are $5: 
la: i'm doing standup at ucb-la tonight at 11pm to work on some new jokes. tickets are $5: 
all commercials should have tracy morgan saying shit on them
"beyonce, what a lovely voice!" rt @scharpling bane
whoa whoa whoa. is this power outage a fast 6 tie in?? is the rock about to fly a helicopter through a tank?!!
this game is boring, can @ludacris drive on the field in a tank and crush a large plane or something? #fast6
landry clarke kicked out of the superdome for repeatedly asking beyonce to let crucifictorious play "crazy in love" with her. #fnlsuperbowl
can future and i star in a blatant fast and furious rip off? any studios interested in this?
"paul walker drives an exploding car off a cliff, parachutes into a helicopter being flown by usher (cameo)." #fast6writersroom
"ok a tank drives over a car, a huge plane explodes, then tyreses fire a rocket launcher while ludacris is on a jetski." #fast6writersroom
right on dl. rt @dalailama more fast 6! more fast 6!!! shoutout to dom driving a car out of an exploding cargo plane. #fast6 #turnup
tim riggins refusing to go in for the 49ers. in the locker room drinking brews, bummed about lyla. coach taylor not pleased. #fnlsuperbowl
will coach taylor please take culliver out and put in smash williams??! #fnlsuperbowl
buddy garrity spotted scalping tickets and selling homemade turkey legs outside the superdome. #fnlsuperbowl
from reuters: "49ers coach has flu. mgmt flying in a new coach from... dillon, tx???" #fnlsuperbowl
more breaking football news: ravens just signed jd mccoy and ray "voodoo" tatum. #fnlsuperbowl
breaking news: 49ers-dillon panthers trade! tim riggins and brian "smash" williams playing in the super bowl folks!! #fnlsuperbowl
@classiclesley yes! i will.
holy shit based on an instant reaction to the first few tracks i'm gonna say this new mbv is really good
@lenadunham i don't sleep. cause sleep is the cousin of death.
sorry that was supposed to be on my private illuminati account plz ignore last tweet non illuminati
shoutout to my bloody valentine for hooking up illuminati members such as myself with the "new" album back in 1998.
will sj be there? (cc @chelseavperetti) @vulture: sandra bullock will attend super bowl xlvii with the real blind side family
@obiwancannolis happy birthday!!! #daymade #doneanddone #haveagreatday
strange choice, but oooooh yeah!!! rt @deadlinehollywood jj abrams dropping out of star wars to focus on directing entourage movie
more spring dates announced soon. go to
dc: i'm doing my buried alive tour at dar constitution hall on 3/29. tickets onsale friday at 10am:
la: 2 of my favorite nyc comics are in town tonight, go see one of em!! eugene mirman:
can someone that knows watches tell me if this rolex i bought is authentic? cc @southcackneez
.@bryansinger have you thought about 2 chainz playing bishop? i'm down if he passes.
new custom note pad! who wants some notes??
thanks for the plug! rt @dalailama new parks and rec tonight at 830 on nbc.
@thenick316 dangerously delicious is avail worldwide at
"even valery rizzo, who teaches a class in iphone food photography, thinks the trend has crossed a line." you make the jokes on that one
its really irritating because we cant take a bite unless he takes his photo." grandpa then puts the shots and emails em in 11mb ppts! ahaha
this article about food photos is hilarious. second page about the grandpa who takes photos is too much:
@oliviawilde @annakendrick47 also french montana and montana from real world
"hey aziz, can you the sing the national anthem into this mic?  i won't do anything with this recording..." - beyonce, 3 days ago #betrayed
and if you don't live in a place i was able to tour, i'm filming one of these shows to release it as a special.
@alexolivier1 thanks!! check your dm!
can anyone get me in touch with dude in audience i spoke with at meltdown last week?? need to followup on what happened!!
wow. wow. if you are a fan of "bandz a make her dance" by @therealjuicyj and @pillsbury grands biscuits, watch this:
@mrbrandonscott yep still the same two
said it before but before sunrise and before sunset are unbelievable and you must watch them. (before midnight is the third in the series)
might be the only dude who yesterday had no clue what happened in football, but is thrilled early word on before midnight is fantastic.
@vaboredwoolf happy b-day! i'm gonna get jaw surgery too so we can be in this together.
@tomchalkley yes! i'm determined to do london dates at the least.
let's all drank one for actor robert f. chew aka prop joe from the wire. #rippropjoe
get out your seat hov #suitandtie
hahaha! we'll discuss next time i come by alinea/next/aviary. @gachatz: so.... are you making fun of us? @azizansari
@pissoffwanker @lenadunham i know her name is lena. the bit was that i got insanely high with the downton cast. lena is a friend. easy guy.
@davidcho @southcackneez your attitude problems are the equivalent of lemon zest issues. you know what i meant.
cooked up marlow's brick chicken! #getoffme @southcackneez: some crazy shit goin down in the kitchen #bricks
hibbert. killing it! "@jasonwyrick96: @hoya2apacer "i am not paying for this guy, he owes me a lot of money" @azizansari
amazing! surprise screening of star wars episode vii at this morning's illuminati meeting. so great.
i hope before they did they said "regulators!!!! mount up." @nytimes: regulators around the globe ground boeing 787s
if you were the dude i talked to in the crowd at meltdown tonight about txting or know him, plz contact me. wanna know what happens!!!
@mike_314159 finishing the tour in spring and filming it for release then too. what city you in?
@dawn_827 hahaha oh my god!! more pics plz. who is your hub?
@curiousliz @peteholmez yep!
.@pusha_t if it is "choppas" are you referring to tiny remote control helicopters? how many do you have?
.@pusha_t also are you at least getting some sort of interest rate on your ceilling, have you thought about a money market account?
.@pusha_t is it "choppas in the closet! choppas! choppas in the closet!" or "shoppas in the closet! shoppas! shoppas in the closet"?
millions millions in the ceiling millions in the ceiling! this is all i listen to right now: 
do this! @toddbarry: you can download my latest album "super crazy" for just $5.99.
yes! @eugenemirman: new episode of @bobsburgers this sunday at 8:30 w/ special guests fred armisen and @azizansari
wow! rt @variety academy award nominations stunner: hitch and kindergarten cop retroactively nominated for best picture.
this dude is legit using twitter to try to scheme free bugles. #smh rt @harrisrules13 gon get me some bugles
really cool of justin timberlake to play us all the albums he's releasing until 2016 at this mornings illuminati meeting. great stuff!
@ochojimbro happy birthday! thanks for helping me put off work for a few seconds by doing this.
#ohbrudder
what's that? hold off on work and look into the derivation of the phrase "geez louise"? #igotyoudawg
what? is this a typo @cnn? rt @cnn obama taps albert brennaman as cia director (cc: @joemande, @davidcho)
@davidcho @joemande guys its been over 3 months since we've watched hitch together. let's get a viewing on the books #hitmeonthewalkie
@davidcho #smh (#shakingmyhitchdvd)
this guy would be perfect to play ron swanson on the indian version of parks and rec.
on the indian version of parks and rec, tom haverford is played by a white guy who's character is named priyesh nanjannaman.
ladies and gentleman, the amazing and always impeccably dressed @pftompkins covering "skyfall" -
yep that's me! #biscuits @photog_tc: @azizansari you finally got the biscuit license plate?!?
yep @skinnersteven: @azizansari were you the 'indian architect' on call @chelseavperetti?
listen: i did an episode of the you made it weird podcast with @peteholmez, download here:
that's exactly what he wanted the terrorists to think (cc: @prattprattpratt) @manuelitofresh6:  i though bert macklin retired?!
has anyone seen zero dark thirty? the parks spinoff movie about andy dwyer aka bert macklin hunting down osama bin laden?
check out new ep of @chelseavperetti podcast, i called in (sort of):
ramp up 2013 right now, throw on mark morrison's return of the mack right now
just kiddin im not! goin gorillaz nonetheless. happy ny everyone!!!!
wedding bandz a make her dance!!! i just got engaged so excited!!
hey everyone, psy will be doing a secret midnight performance of gangnam style at my friend @jwoliner's house. #2013 #heeeeeysexylady
@almightythor93 that's a tour date from 2012 not 2013.
confirmed: bringing your computer into the bed and "going on a few websites" til you fall asleep is an ineffective way to fall asleep.
@sm810_ back in january boo boo
yes theatres hire this man! @bsabs93: @azizansari dhango unchained 4:10*, 7:30, 10:10 (*=ratchet screen, no passes accepted)
fuck!!! in the tiny screen for django. smh. theatres let folks know which showtimes are on the tiny ratchet screens beforehand!!!!
happy holidays!
huh? @harrisrules13: man i swear public bathroom sinks have the coldest water
hahahahaha @oaknova: @azizansari "umm...it was kinda spicy and had a weird texture lol"-white person review
someone just threw an xbox at my head. in this case, it is safe to say video games are responsible for violence.
join the cause to protect americas children and stop gun violence:
@wbh_hate @sethmacfarlane hey idiot no one cares that much about rts. more people see it if it's quoted and i thought it was funny.
hahahahhaha rt @chasemit: just want to point out the nra's plan to stop school shootings is literally the plot of kindergarten cop.
watch the trailer for this is the end:
@salemisms stay strong
when someone walks into a school w/a rope w/a spear attached throwing it and screaming "get over here!" then let's discuss video games.
worlds collide and i love it @iamdiddy: congrats to my dear friend @lenadunham for her golden globe
nomination. best actress!! let's go!
get excited. @jennyslate25 is playing jean ralphio's sister aka mona-lisa saperstein:
yes!!! @juddapatow: one year from tomorrow anchorman 2 will be in theaters!!  it is kind of a big deal.
@wbh_hate @harrisrules13 hey dumb dumb when you quote it has the authors name in the tweet so it
gives credit
smh @dargandhi123: getting a lil chub, need to get back into the gym #losingmymetabolism #growingup
word. @southcackneez: instagram can feel free to sell my instagrams of pimento cheese to companies that sell pimento cheese #pimentocheese
@chelseavperetti @sofifii oh brudder
@adamabramson that was in reference to frontera in chicago airport. in la, i like el sauz for torta. #tortatalk
@bunksandwiches @og_ian whaaaaaattttt whaaatttt when when when
@chelseavperetti @davidcho @southcackneezy soundtrack for that tweet:
hey @chelseavperetti can i call into the podcast to discuss my latest mark on our culture aka oh brudder aka the phrase sweeping the nation?
@paulfeig @hbo paul i've been there watch die hard and go to bed
if i wasn't in comedy, i think i'd work in suits and/or food. or i'd just live at home, be fat, and wear sweatpants all the time.
the charity is through comedy central's night of too many stars for autism programs. here's a link:
we hate hurricanes benefit w/me, will ferrell, beck, @chelseaperetti is tonight in la. just released a few tix here:
i'm never upgrading any software no matter what they say. it always stinks. fuck you new software versions.
@mikathewoof @apple they don't show up sometimes when you attach em on emails. jpgs do and look fine. #geeksoverthinkthingssometimes
jim you were on my flight and didn't help during my torta panic! #damnitjerry @jimoheir: @azizansari look one row back to your right.
oh damn! rt @holyjaw
@azizansari change the format:
@bankersclub @apple what's dumb
tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas
oh noooo! i missed my flight!! gate closed at 1:10!!! jk got to gate at 1:08, tortas in hand. #experttraveler #travelchampion #tortas
@mshawvs @nickjaspersen nick help us dog
@cutty902 @mshawvs i don't have a torta restaurant at home bro
.@americanairlines since i am executive platinum can someone grab us tortas plz, will use miles to purchase if needed
was trying to minimize airport time, tragically forgot about delicious tortas at tortas frontera. @americanairlines can you hold flight
@realarmandohaha it's the best fast food burger
au cheval (chicago) just joined my top burgers in us. others: shake shack (ny), holeman and finch (atl), innout (la), and husk (charleston).
@chelseavperetti oh brudder
if you somehow haven't seen it yet, this video of jay-z talking to this nice elderly lady on the subway is amazing:
@timheidecker damn man, between this and @jwoliner's shirt fiascos, tough time for my buds. keep ya head up tim.
get x-mas gifts that help fight poverty and hunger with @oxfamamerica at
looking at a lot of photos of this cheeseburger i'm eating saturday. if i were really fat, this would be so sad. #shoutouttomymetabolism
@sofifii preach.
enjoy a convo with me and the always delightful @pftompkins on his show speakeasy. watch:
"nathalie dupree, a biscuit doyenne out of charleston, s.c.... disagrees." holy shit. i want to marry a biscuit doyenne! holla nathalie!
"some southerners believe that it is not possible to make a good biscuit north of the mason-dixon line." amazing quote.
future (@1future) plz teach me how to sing and write songs like you. you can train me and handle your career at the same damn time!
@jdisman will film it early next year. the $5 thing will be component again for sure, may do something else weird in addition
@catalina_loca whoa! interesting, send it to me. did you get to see buried alive?
great @nytimes article about marriage/love/etc. if you've seen my buried alive show, you'll know why this intrigues me:
the other song is dmx covering "rudolph the red nosed reindeer" which is somehow as amazing as it should be:
obsessed with 2 very different songs right now. the first is "baby" by donnie and joe emerson:
me at 7pm: man i'm so sleepy. can't wait to get to bed... me at 12am: i'm gonna stay up doing shit on the internet til 4am!! yeah!
@jhunter64 haha no! i just didn't see they were snapping a photo
i'm thinking about a town made of ice cream, different buildings are different flavors! wow this is awesome.
other things cities could be made of: mac and cheese, parpadelle pasta, pizza, ice cream!!!!
i'm going to be so fat one day :/
quickly deduced if a town were made of brisket, i would carry a squeeze bottle of my favorite bbq sauce, slaw, and white bread at all times
ever since that briskettown tweet ,i've been thinking about a town made of brisket for way longer than i should be.
just realized its christmas time. gotta bust out that bieber drummer boy feat. busta rhymes. let's goooooooo!
no, i don't own michael buble's christmas album, but let's just say if its on somewhere i'm at, i'm not upset.
ate ramen yesterday solo. restaurant was empty except for me and they were blasting michael buble's christmas album. it was great.
been on a led zeppelin binge since silver linings playbook used this song so amazingly:
what should i eat for lunch
parks and rec aired a new episode tonight i think. i guess watch it on hulu or something? i didn't do a job twit-pluggin it. #smh
@chelseavperetti @loverrlylucy not enough characters and you werent confirmed as far as i knew
@luchodurand we live in la and are just trying to help any way we can. i'm sorry.
@96arley very disappointed you can't read the tour page closely and see i did two dates in charleston and you missed it
.@kentremendous you know my primary on set snack is pbandj w/crusts off right? (cut into diagonal fourths in case anyone else needs a bite)
oh shit. @michaelausiello: rider strong chimes in on girl meets world: 'i have no official involvement'
@whatthehekker i never do spoilery ones! promise.
agreed. so good. go see it if you haven't. rt @chrisrock silver lining playbook is crazy good !
@papigrego hey idiot, the funds are going to the victims of the hurricane
we hate hurricanes: sandy benefit w/me, @sarahksilverman, will ferrell, beck, jon hamm, more. 12/10 in la:
@brilie54 haha! oh shit man. sorry. i don't think i rt'd any spoilers. i'll be more on it. don't want to ruin your viewing experience!
@sophiarossi i made this for you to help explain this song:
instead of buying someone a stupid juicer,  help fight poverty and hunger with @oxfamamerica. buy a gift at
rt @sergeantbrody i never thought i'd say this, but things were a lot easier when my daughter dated that chubby stoner kid
homeland fans: if you are all caught up, follow my friend @sergeantbrody on twitter.
for those following the tragic @jeshirt saga, this update is a must read:
@juddapatow hey new guy, pass the salami!
@jerrysheehan jerry you know i got coming to america in the mix. gotta keep some programming secret
sure @rogueego: @azizansari give harris a 1 minute interlude on your network to tell us what he did each day
yes! @elicash_lowkey: hbo-aziz: if you're sick of your boring movie channel, "help is on the way, dear!!!" (mrs doubtfire clip)
@stevehowze nice.
hbo-aziz "i'm gonna give ya to the count of 10 to subscribe to hbo-aziz.. 1... 2... 10!" (home alone still)
hey @hbo, here are some ad campaign ideas. hbo-aziz "hold on to your butts..." (photo of sam j in jurassic park)
@davidcho was an honest mistake. clearly a brenneman esque misstep not a malicious munson esque move. #sometimesweallneedahitchtoslideusapen
tell @hbo to let me program hbo-z for a week. tweet  #letazizprogramhboz at them.
@runjamm you think sc2 homey! and yes it's in.
yes! @t_malloy320: @azizansari point break, brah.
maybe karate kid 3 (1 on tv quite a bit already) #heydanielmakeawish @tubberboy: @azizansari. karate kid 1 2 and 3?
yes!! 1 and 2 sometimes 3 "@zaynrand: @azizansari what about back to the future
im makin a movie channel that only shows mrs doubtfire, jurassic park, home alone, die hard, and t2 @davidcho: wish mrs doubtfire was on tv"
rt if you think the airport personnel in argo are nicer than 90% of the clowns at us air and united.
time for the yearly epic thanksgiving spades battle. me and @dargandhi123 vs @southcackneez and @harrisrules13. #wegonillwithaliljoker
can't make this stuff up. cousin darwish still reppin random tv. @dargandhi123: i'm watching arrow
@amtendler @mulaney if that's not on the back of your next dvd @mulaney...
mac and cheese on deck. #shoutouttozingermansrecipe #cooksohardmothafuckaswannadinewithme
i'm in the kitchen, yams everywhere!! #noforeal #todayweareall2chainz
if you ain't blasting waka flocka in your kitchen, your turkey gon be ratchet. #yousaynotoratchetturkeyjuicyjcant
@paulscheer i approve!
preach. @damonlindelof: : @azizansari i am already through security.  how?  because i am certified pre-secure!!!
#ipwnedlax
is there a lot of traffic to the airport? strange. no one was on the super secret expert traveler shortcuts i took. #bringitworsttravelday
that's a boy dressed up as a girl, they thought it too mean a joke if it was a girl #learnedthattoday @anniescav: buzz's girlfriend woof
whoa. @adamtargan: @azizansari buzz from 'home alone' is a villain in alexander payne's 'nebraska'
oh what am i doing? nothing, just reading the buzz mccallister home alone wiki page. #veryproductive
at a clippers game with @southcackneez and @chelseavperetti. really hoping a "like mike" situation happens to one of us... #igottheticket!
deleted skyfall scene: bond sets up a bunch of micro machines to get silva to slip and fall.
wow. look at this screencap from richard pryor live:
@jmerwin1 @rejectedjokes we always make em up right before each take. it's a very fun, dumb thing to get to do.
can someone at shade45 on sirius let me, my brother aniz aka @southcackneezy, and @davidcho do a hip hop radio show? @realsway?
joe budden is on parks and rec tonight at 9:30/8:30c on nbc. watch! wait sorry, not budden, joe biden. joe budden sang "pump it up."
we are supposed to be working on a script, and somehow i am on this webpage now:
two minutes into our writing meeting and @jwoliner and i are already discussing peanut butter banana ice cream. #smh
fingers. crossed. "@davidcho: prediction: there will be a plot in think like a man 2 that is similar to the plot of the 'same girl' video.
why hasn't someone designed a "silence shell" that goes over plane seats where noisy ass kids are seated? seriously. why not.
@iamkatygoodman me me me me
uh huh. ok. wsup? shut up! #wegonnaletthebandhandlethisone
if you're coming to carnegie hall show tonight, black tie recommended. #latenoticeblacktierequest
lets retire chels @romanymalco: big thanks to @chelseavperetti and @azizansari for their hilarious take on @thinklikeaman. awesome podcast
yang gonna kill it! @alanmyang: i'm doing monologues for asssscat at ucb tonight at 8. "better than my movie lincoln!" --daniel day-lewis
can everyone do black tie for carnegie hall show tomorrow? i forgot to mention this earlier. lemme know. think that'd be cool.
wow. was watching steve harvey clips on taxitv. then steve turned and addressed my romantic troubles a la tlam!! (cc: @chelseavperetti)
attention all ny theatres @harrisrules13: just bought a child's ticket for skyfall. really hope this doesn't backfire
anyone have an mp3 of that rotation song "ain't it funny'? old soul song, heard it on a @pbwolf mix long ago....
this show will be great! watch: "@huffpostfood: aziz ansari's hilarious guest spot on bourdain and chang's new show
due to a last minute flight change, tonight i am an aisle seater. window neighbor has promised she sleeping through too. #wishmeluck
in case you are wondering, i've decided to play "at the same damn time! (remix)" yet again and go ham. sure this is what you are doing too.
@ryanathomas diddy verse is on point.
answer: future - at the same damn time (remix feat diddy and ludacris):
@ianroewer these shows are buried alive. i have new stuff but gonna save it to do on the next tour.
@danstefanis ricky's and guisados
@thunder_katzz probably in early 2013
@bryzak25 i only work on new material there and i always drop in unannounced.
@jordandelay yes in 2013 sometime
i think
i hate cancer and love babies. if you feel the same please go to
@amtendler @danlevy congrats on your radio tour
@amtendler hahahahahahaha!
new parks tonight at 930/830c on nbc. jean ralphio returns!!! mike from breaking bad is ben's dad. it's a good one. watch plz.
@j_garabedian stay strong my mab
@joemande @moshekasher @chelseavperetti @hannibalburess @paulscheer oh cool. what if you sleepin on a ny to la flight joe? #ripyourargument
@chelseavperetti @moshekasher @hannibalburess better than some dude from iowa's donk
"we have to get to the airport at least two hours before" #teamaisletalk
bet @chelseavperetti and #teamaisle think southwest's seating system is really cool and exciting! lol
donald trump #aisleman, tom hanks #windowseat, future #windowandaisleatthesamndamntime #jk #windowseat
@chelseavperetti @moshekasher @hannibalburess @joemande @paulscheer all in the eye of the beholder boo boo
amazing!! @ericwareheim: the 2012 tande costume winner is chris stonebraker @foiledcranium. congrats.
my man. @moshekasher: @azizansari @joemande @chelseavperetti @hannibalburess gotta weigh in here ya'all. window life.
so good @grantland33: grantland exclusive! tim tebow's e-mail hacked! by @justin_halpern
#preach @hannibalburess: @chelseavperetti in the aisle you get bumped by the cart and people put their crotch in your face. #fuckthat
hmmm, fat sir can i smell a before and after of your crotch when you dump your tgi fridays to go in the airplane bathroom? #windowseatlife
i bet y'all check bags too @joemande: @azizansari @chelseavperetti #teamaisle
would rather not stepped over when im sleepibg #aislepassondat "@chelseavperetti: window seats are like "middle plus" #aisleordie
aisle-cause we like to get woke up when we fall asleep #windowfosho @chelseavperetti: window seats are like "middle plus" #aisleordie
pass the refreshments a cool cool beverage
illuminati afterparty goin ham. hendrix and hov doing 99 problems. solo was nuts!!!!!!
rt @barackobama ain't nobody fuckin wit my clique! clique! clique! #thanksfordavotesyall
chill sahn rt @realdonaldtrump
we can't let this happen. we should march on washington and stop this travesty. our nation is totally divided!
predicting that president obama walk out to future's "you deserve it" to make his victory speech.
damn just heard romney conceded by text. #coldmovebro #yougottacall
shoutout to people standing in line to vote! stay strong. play "guap" or "slight work (remix)" on your phone and go ham to pass the time
rt @harrisrules13 hurry up and vote so you can go play halo 4
i'm on this weeks episode of @chelseavperetti's podcast discussing think like a man and how to treat ya lady. listen:
rt @kesslering: and i vote the same thing every single time, baby, you the fuckin best, the best i ever cast." (cc @drake)
i'm in the kitchen! votes everywhere! (cc @2chainz)
hahahhahaha rt @runningboard: @azizansari why u just thinkin bout 2 or 3 props, imma show u how to vote it up a notch..." cc @kendricklamar
rt @boywhiz88: @ludacris vote, bitch! get out the vote! get out the vote, bitch get out the vote! vote, bitch! get out the vote!
rt @your_neck: @liltunechi @azizansari i'm goin in, i'm goin, and ima vote hard, and ima vote hard!"
this kinda makes sense? rt @mattkuzma: now i ain't sayin she a vote digger, but she ain't messin wit no poll figures."
let's hope so! @schmitty418: @azizansari aint nobody fucking with my vote, vote, vote, vote @bigsean @kanyewest
vooooooootin!!! my boys we be voooooootin!!!! (cc @wakaflockabsm)
votes a make her dance! votes a make her dance! all these chicks voting ain't they ain't using chads! (cc @therealjuicyj)
vote! vote! vote! vote! vote! vote! vote! bounce! girl, what ya voting with? (cc @frenchmontana, @drake, @rickyrozay)
don't stop! vote that! don't stop! vote that! vote that! vote that! don't stop! vote that! don't stop! vote that! vote that! vote that!
i wish barack and mitt were forced to discuss their plans for the economy only using the term "guap."
@ederjrey lol yep. see my last tweet.
@ederjrey lol yep. see my last tweet.
had a good chuckle at the illuminati meeting this morning about the "election" that is "tomorrow." hahaha! have fun guys.
rt @headcountorg: need election info? (polling place, id requirements, verify your reg. status). it's all here:
@deceptikhan_ guap!
@joanne_cg no
gucci mane feat future - fuck the world #np
endorsed. @davidcho: best la saturday lunch of all time: 1-2 ricky's fish tacos + 1 yuca's burger
@rusamblack it's next saturday. shows are on.
congrats to a hardworking, thoughtful man. watch! "@louisck: hi. i'm hosting snl tonight. how crazy is that?
txt redcross to 90999. donate $10 to help sandy relief. do not txt "wsup girl?" to 90999 after 3am, you cannot booty txt a donation.
@chelseavperetti experienced dis one first hand a few dayz ago
r kelly had sex with a shadow. insane. #kellzinla
stage setup has two "singles bar" with bartenders making kellz drinks on stage. #kellzinla
kellz on stage in la. diamond encrusted mic. jjssjstwyajsgaksiwvsksuebekshebsnzuwgfardoelrhb
what is going on man rt @harrisrules13: passing the time playing spades (while listening to @taylorswift13 's red on repeat of course)
yes! @ramseystewart: @azizansari have u seen the unsolved mysteries with matthew mconaughey?! #allrightallrightallright
meaning he's scared the ghost watches unsolved mysteries???
ok, i'm watching this ghost story from unsolved mysteries:
hey! how about some good news? louis ck is hosting snl this week! yay!!!!!
@chrissyteigen yeah
?? rt @harrisrules13: woah now i understand all the hype of taylor swift's red
@chelseavperetti its juniper slingo
@chelseavperetti what's the italian word for black architect
for those askin im at the one on orange but i'll be gone by the time you come to murder me! hhahahahahhah
you think this is a fucking game? i live this shit sahn. #innoutboutogeteaten #orderno4whaddup
warning: if you are an in n out cheeseburger animal style with french fries you are bout to get destroyed by me. so psyched.
nyc you are my favorite place ever! my thoughts are with everyone in the city. be safe fam.
@jitladala im in la but thanks for checkin on me jazz!
@gmcastillo1 @avclub wow this is nuts
man i been watchin way too many old unsolved mysteries clips on youtube today. thanks a lot @avclub.
@__jonathan__s no brown face and then just wear a tommy haverford esque outfit if you can find that much swagger on such short notice
@melissafridge pop that by french montana. enjoy!
yes! @veraclaythorne: @azizansari @theavclub whenever they did age progression photos for the missing, i'd be freaked out.
@travelprobs @theavclub so scary!!
btw here's a link to "stomp" by three 6 mafia to listen to while reading that unsolved mysteries article. 
@wintercheck wdb
no but i want it now, @matthewshawver? you had it? @jcwatsonfive: @azizansari have you had the chicken biscuit @lowcountrynyc? #fatboylife
bane the tank engine
rt if you left a party to go get tacos and just got back to da party and ppl like "oh damn you got tacos? good idea"
we hanging out the window it's bout to be a sjge knight!!!!!!! rt if this is your situation as well
rt if you say no to ratchet pussy and/or if you can't say no to it
rt if you arent a fan of hate crimes
dont stop pop that dont stop pop that pop that pop that dont stop pop that dont stop pop that pop that that#guesswhatsongimblastinrightnow
ti feat lil wayne - ball #doitnowtwitterville
.@nickzinner wins halloween as kurt cobane.
"yo wolverine just pushed bane!" #awesomepotentialhalloweenfights
@chelseavperetti @joemande grump central over here
rt @ew joe mande's "morris" parks spinoff makes revolutionary multinetwork deal. show to air concurrently on nbc, cbs, fox, and abc family.
wow rt @variety spielberg and scorsese in talks to co-direct joe mande in "morris." daniel day lewis rumored to be playing morris' uncle...
congrats @joemande! rt @deadlinehollywood joe mande "morris" character starts spinoff
bidding war, studios interested in feature
"what the fuck. that girl is making out with barney now." #overheardonhalloween
"yo that girl just hooked up with gangnam style in the port a potty." #overheardonhalloween
new #parksandrec tonight at 930/830c. halloween episode. watch it!
here they are. @gqmagazine: treat. yo. self. the 10 essentials of @azizansari:
"sorry officer, no ticket for me, if i'm over the speed limit, that's something god intended. peace."
@maudeapatow north by northwest
recording buried alive soon, writing the next hour now... rt @redikelias when are we gonna get another comedy album???
watch: part 1 of my conan interview where i discuss australian slang and my fear of marriage:
@real_gmoney i was at dinner
"our final question on foreign policy, what are your thoughts as far as vin diesel's ethnicity?" #betterdebatequestions
"do you think kendrick lamar's album lives up to the hype?" #betterdebatequestions
"hypothetical question, let's say israel calls you up and they say 'we need all your hummus.' what's your move?" #betterdebatequestions
yo candy where you at? step in with the facts boo
"speaking of the road to greece, candidates, where is the best gyro you've had in america?" #betterdebatequestions
look schieffer, we all wanna talk about domestic policy. come on man. let's do this.
i know i was shitting on the undecided voters and their questions last time, but this shit is mad boring without them :(
damn. totally missed this morning's illuminati meeting. @tomhanks please send over any big info i may have missed.
you and detlef get back to work! now! rt @hoya2apacer: #gangnamroy video on mobile
just found out actor who plays david estes (been great this season) is british!! btw i also pretend estes is david palmer's 2nd cousin.
me watching homeland yesterday: "homeland... homeland!! no, no, no!! homeland how are yo--- oh shit! it's just episode 4 homeland! fuck!!!"
i'm on conan tonight. watch.
@dxbriscoe obama benefit at largo on 10/30 and i've been secretly dropping in places a lot to work on the followup to buried alive.
@lionabl that's the newest stuff, so that really means a lot. thanks. i felt for that royce dude. brutal.
if i'm not tweeting and your curious what i'm doing - i'm either driving to/from a standup show or eating/ordering tacos.
welcome to the "r u the other guy that's your same ethnicity" club @killallopez: @hannibalburess r u stanley from the office?
@chelseavperetti @mradamscott @nickkroll yo i can see this tweet
if anyone is wondering - @chelseavperetti, @nickkroll, and @adamscott are unavailable to get coffee right now
@chelseavperetti any word on that coffee request i txted or are we just writing tweets instead of responding to real humans txts?
also watch night of #2manystars tonight at 8/7c on @comedycentral.
i'm doing a charity auction for #2manystars. bid now to have me take control of your personal twitter account:
@davidcho this man knows his stuff @stevestrock: @azizansari  power suit, power tie, power steering. #thatslikeametaphor
@mindykaling @chelseavperetti ahhh just left! missed you boo boos!!
hitch trivia: stanley kubrick once said hitch was his "favorite movie ever."
yes!!!! classic hitch arm grab! #hitchknowskravmaga @davidcho: vance munson scene on tnt right now. #mmkpumpkin
hitch is on tnt tonight. i wish i could have my mind erased so when i watch, it'd be like the first time i experienced it.
@wintercheck what u twerkin with
@iamkatygoodman does that include my theoretical guitar solos/bongo playin?
@danlevy @chelseavperetti @amtendler @davidcho @joemande @nickkroll taking avails via twitter for jon lovitz comedy club tues through sun
@nickkroll @chelseavperetti shooting nights boo
@danlevy maybe it's in your throat with the fishbone?
@danlevy @davidcho @chelseavperetti @amtendler @joemande is it true timberlake got married in his "whateva whateva" shoes?
randomly remembered this awesome scene from extras:
can't believe landry from friday night lights is at the center of this voter fraud scandal:
shoutout to scallions aka green onions aka long onions aka green shallots.
true. @joemande: i made tom haverford's fake iphone in tonight's episode.
they kept taking time off to make supper dough @wsj: by romney's last year as gov., female staff earned 29% less than male counterparts.
hahahaha @joemande:
go listen to fleetwood mac - that's all for everyone because it's amazing:
@headcountorg: ready to vote? you can vote early in most states, and absentee anywhere. get locations and info at
@wintercheck wdb
yes! @chelseavperetti: not to get off topic but candy what's your real name, and not your stripper naaaaame... #bands #a #make #her #dance
under my administration, we will find dominic toretto. #romneypromise
wait is he describing the plot of fast 5?
did you see argo yet? #bettertownhallquestions
"this is a question for both candidates. do you fucks wit sriracha?" #bettertownhallquestions
that workplace sounds so fucking boring. "yo guys, let's have some beers and chat about libya." get lost kerry.
sitting around talking about libya??
oh shit! pension slam!!!!
why didn't you just look up romney's immigration policy on the internet you lazy undecided idiot
"yeah but how come my stuff is expensive...." - michael jones rebuttal
"how come stuff got expensive? i thought you could keep prices down on the stuff i buy..."
shut up michael jones. "stuff is expensive."
sketchy deal! oh shit!!! damn that's a money line.
havarti cheese #thingsyoucanbeundecidedon
my question for the town hall ppl: "how much of a fucking idiot do you have to be an undecided voter? can you read stuff for like 2 mins?"
the only minority in the town hall is president obama.
oh shit! we bout to get serious!!
watch: i shared my thoughts on chick-fil-a/tasty food/homophobia on kimmel last night:
kimmel tonight! watch.
this is a useless tweet homey rt @rupertmurdoch back in la. fantastic weather. no wonder people love it here.
i just bring this up cause i shucked oysters for the first time last night and was stunned i didn't stab my hand. #shucktalk
shucking oysters is fun (and scary as fuck at times). rt if you've shucked oysters.
i'm on kimmel tonight. not interested? the other guest is honey boo boo. now you in or what??
yo for real though, no racks in this pic. #racksnowhere rt @meekmill racks everywhere!
@jwoliner "what should we get for lunch?" a new screenwriting book from aziz ansari and jason woliner
the key to economic recovery is to pump pump pump pump it up. @joemande: i'd still like to see paul ryan debate joe budden.
can dennis haysbert run in character as david palmer in 2016?
has anyone brought up what the candidates would do re: abu nazir?
two parks and rec news items. 1) christie brinkley is playing jerry's wife. 2) look at this photo of tom and ron:
they correct minor spelling errors on peoples tweets #signstheyratchet #onlydoingsignssheratchetfeelsalilsexist
she prefers granny smith apples over fiji apples #signssheratchet
@davelax go get the burger at husk
@kelliesuth soup dumplings?
@wintercheck  oh brudder
@wintercheck it dirty
@wintercheck wdb
@kelliesuth got too many responses and afraid i didn't. i went to sichuan house and it was amazing.
@chelseavperetti @justincharles what if i did chels. what if i did.
@justincharles @chelseavperetti oh damn i don't know enough bout podcasts sorry boo boo
@chelseavperetti this is a useless tweet. how bout blasting this shit out when the link is live
@stopbeingapud i have to go back to la to film parks. i have family in auckland too. sucks. next time!
@_annyma i would but have to get back to film parks :/
@chrishuley standup gigs in sydney, melbourne, and brisbane - tickets at
@rahulnuthakki doing a brisbane show wed, tickets here:
australia: limited tickets still avail for my shows this week in melbourne, brisbane, and sydney. get them here:
@rabannerman zipped through sahn
thanks everyone for the kind words re: taken 2. liam was always confident the sequel would work with me taking over for him. so psyched.
you gotta explain this tweet man @donaldglover: most enemies
tig notaro is a hilarious comedian and this set at largo sounds brilliant. go buy it for $5 here via @louisck:
wuh bout the rock @paulscheer: hey hollywood want to make a bazillion dollars - john mcclane vs liam neeson from taken. that is all.
@wintercheck wdb
lurkin by waka flocka @mariogorgano: @azizansari did we ever find out what keeps the hype up after french montana #popthatdontstop
these fools better lawyer up:
@parthew now try an aperol fizz! equal parts aperol, orange juice, and prosecco (some recipes add soda water but i don't)
also homemade biscuits is a bit tough so we making pillsbury grands and singing "grands a make her dance! grands a make her dance!"
@ninfu36 looked up recipe online
@zbergson making it at home sahn
note: this may also be accompanied by the smell of tasty biscuits, corn, and zingerman's mac and cheese. #excited #tastiness
new parks and rec tonight at 9:30 on nbc. watch it. and stay tuned for a new ep of empty nest right after!
pic from an amazing day of big buck hunting earlier this year. 3 perfect sites in a row! #hunterhero
you're talking to a hunter hero here @lov2500: @azizansari buck hunter is another i would like to see more of
twork is a double fork you use to eat really big pieces of chicken
sorry typo - twerk not twork.
filming parks today and realized tommy would never say "work" in 2012. quickly changing these work's to twork's.
beamer benz or bentley beamer benz or bentley beamer benz or bentley beamer benz or bentley beamer benz or bentley #backinrotationrandomly
yep @davidcho: dont stop pop that dont stop pop that pop that pop that
@caitklein1 you heard wrong fool. i like tacos more but it's not a competition
actually now my ppl saying its a salamander. maybe they like yams? #yamseverywhere @2chainz: wtf is this
call into this lil boo @chelseavperetti's new podcast today at 4pm pst. number here:
that's a lizard homey @2chainz: wtf is this
@diskord yep that's me
@jmkstock @carnegiehall maybe it's sold out? will check.
what about the show about the dude obsessed w/fucking his car? @juddapatow: seor @azizansari are you aware that breaking amish is fake?
yerp and i need a girl pt 2 @anotherkmiller: oh man, that and peaches n cream - nonstop @azizansari: yes also jagged edge where da party at
oh what the hell @harrisrules13: i need some new friends #facepalm #looper
yes also jagged edge where da party at @srkirk7: @azizansari not liking lurkin must surely be on tom's 'oh no no's' list.
.@rayj have you seen looper yet?
my nickname in preschool @sofifii: @azizansari chocolate magic!
hanging out at @chelseavperetti's. both been on our phones for bout 20 mins. 0 words exchanged. #notcomplaining #signofstrongfriendship
like chattin bout da movie after wit a bud @sahil_bhutani: i don't understand why @azizansari doesn't just go see the movie by himself.
"yes i need a prostitute that doesn't look like a prostitute to come see a movie with me. no sex. just movie. will cover popcorn and ticket."
i've heard "@davidcho: @azizansari you should go see looper, it's really good.
has anyone i know not seen looper or not have schedule conflicts???
yes! i demanded to say it. @djsullivan0514: @azizansari dropping some melon farmer bombs on #tbs right now, the joys of censorship...
illuminati bbq today 3pm at spielberg compound. teleportation windows close at 415pm sharp. don't get stuck in the void! come early.
"let's all go see looper without aziz so he has no one to go see it with! hahahahha!" great prank my friends did yesterday
i'm gonna be so bummed if i miss the boat on teleporting. #getcrackinscientists
believe i know how dumb these are but i will keep going.
i can't twerk in these conditions!!! #frenchmontanaprotestingsafetyissuesatafactory
can you show me what blood samples you're twerking with? #frenchmontanaasabiologist
#intrigued @jaymcginn: @azizansari gotta get the cinnamon apple sticks from trader joe's #protip
sleep through the flight. my move as well @therealjuicyj: yooo gotta be at the airport in 45mins i refuse to sleep #thefreakscomeoutatnite
me too! @joemande: i love my new iphone!
@wintercheck tizzle bumpin
what's that song with @frenchmontana, @2chainz, @meekmill, @drake, and @rickyrozay? oh it's every song?? ok cool. #notcomplaining
watch! hilarious and onpoint. rt @harikondabolu
my thoughts on mindy kaling project and indian representation in america:
please register to vote @headcountorg:
illuminati donuts - delicious, promote weight loss, and increase cognitive learning.  #illuminatimtglivetweet
early morning illuminati meetings. the worst.
lol @danielhillard rt @stuartdunmire was at the pool and someone threw an apple at my head. #wtf #rudeness #smh
yo @danielhillard. lol #shhhhhh rt @mirandahillard finally met a lovely housekeeper today. she's gonna be great with the kids.
yo dm me, got a crazy idea. your brother still do makeup? rt @danielhillard lost custody of the kids. #fuck
he's great with the kids though! rt @mirandahillard daniel is out of control. getting divorced. #irresponsible #whereisthismarriageheaded
whoa daniel, does miranda know about this? rt @danielhillard my son's bday today. gonna blow it out! #farmanimals #jumparound #itson
wanna thank everyone on cast and crew for their hard twork. the twork i do wouldn't be possible without the twork you do #juicyjemmyspeech
oh shit @trevorusa: @azizansari you will possibly have to go back in the archives and drop beamer, benz, or bentley.
jonah knows what's up. @jonahhill: blasting "pop that" by french montana  on the way to shoot feeling like a bawse.
fyi i'm from sc not nc. #emmycorrections
bout to present an emmy! watch!!!
@nkkos shut up
also i used to fuck with toaster strudels. hard. do lil kids instagram their icing drawings now? i used to get some dope designs going.
damn lot of bagel bite defenders coming at me. they aint that bad. if that was lil aziz, id be on my handisnacks, teddy grahams, gushers ish
i'm up now and gonna blast the fuck out of some rap music that involves booties clapping and p-popping in protest. #popthat
know they eatin bagel bites cause when momz brought em out, kid goes "baaagel biiiiiiiites!!!!!!!" #dontgetexcitedforsuchamediocresnackkid
these motherfuckers are still swimming. and now they eatinf bagel bites. #upgradeyasnackgameyoungins
oh great someone taught these motherfuckers marco polo - aka game that is nothing but yelling. god damn it
@pattonoswalt yes
@southcackneez #splashmountain
if you're 8 and making a shit ton of noise while swimming in your pool next door, shut the fuck up. older ppl are hungover and tryin to sleep
@pattonoswalt 1000 more of these patton. now.
@dpohalloran jealous. report back plz
@thesickness83 link??????
well said @katiedippold: if you don't watch parks and rec tonight, you're pulling a jerry
!!!
just started my reddit ama. ask me stuff here:
.@schwarzenegger i need your clothes, your boots, and the outgoing voicemail message we discussed last week.
@wackadelic look man, if you watch parks i'll give you a haircut just like cool dr money!
i'm doing a reddit ama at 3pm pst tomorrow. ask me stuff!
@esshortie happy birthday!!!!!! i gotta eat lunch now bye. have a lovely day
parks and rec season 5 starts thursday! here's a teaser for our new season:
i just broke a batman piata over my knee #callmebane
my la mom @jitladala: thankyou @azizansari my lovely son always support me&gt;3  @ jitlada thai restaurant
her but i did "conga" rt @dewrobertson: @azizansari was it you or gloria estefan that sang "get on your feet"?
to be clear i love "bands that make her dance" by @juicyj though i have sadly yet to see anyone clap without using hands
i love it! reread my tweet!! @therealjuicyj: @azizansari yo get trippy then listen to "bandz" again you mite like it
for those asking, bubble tea is a thing asian people fuck wit. hard. come on white people get some asian friends
"can you stop playing 'pop that' so often?" how about you get out of my life. now.
two asian friends sent me a photo of ramen they ate and just rolled into my house with bubble teas. #smh
if anyone needs me i'm sitting in front of a fan and blasting "pop that" drinking a martinelli's #ballsosoft
time out! stop the bike! @schwarzenegger: vote: should @azizansari get a v-mail? i think kindergarten cop and t2 could be a fantastic combo.
@ddoc91 haha. i am *stunned* to discover you are racist. you're blocked bozo.
love the tweet and da profile pic @markvicferrer: @azizansari "mr. crisp" always felt like an incomplete joke. "mr. crisp just got crunched"
@ddoc91 just look at your feed, what should i tweet "go padres!!!" is that on the level of your super interesting tweets?
@eatamanspancake @schwarzenegger i just took john connor's dog wolfie for a walk...  now... where are you?
.@schwarzenegger just saw a man made of liquid metal leaving a steel mill, very concerned, please dm me
.@schwarzenegger let's reboot twins and make jingle all the way 2, film back to back like lord of the rings style
@nessaaasantos done
@mattdabrat405 @schwarzenegger got you dog
i have 2 seats to give away to my orpheum show in la. only way to win the tix is to get @schwarzenegger to come to the show. serious.
.@schwarzenegger its my birthday, please rt this. would make my day. ok its not my bday but i love terminator 2, plz rt
.@schwarzenegger if mr. crisp was on twitter i'd unfollow him. #johnkimble4life
really i hope i win this @schwarzenegger voicemail contest. watch this video for last winner:
check out @schwarzenegger's epic voicemail giveaway. after you enter he follows you back on twitter!
@brentyoung hahaha well done sir
if you're bored, go read this interview i did with the @latimes:
yes! @toddbarry: use $ saved buying $5 @robdelaney @azizansari @louisck @jimgaffigan specials to buy mine for $12.99.
my brother (@southcackneez) and i have determined "hush puppy" is the best name for a food or anything ever.
@mastromonaco you're cuz mistook some other indian dude for me. i wasn't at dnc. #smh #thisshithappenswaytoofrequently
dude on my flight is watching men in black 3, watching with no sound and pretending its a hitch sequel bout hitch trying hookup an alien.
dude on my flight is watching men in black 3, watching with no sound and pretending its a hitch sequel bout hitch trying hookup an alien.
just saw january jones, rain, liam neeson. hmmm... that movie where neeson wakes up and doesn't exist? unknown! #boom #neverevensawit
i don't watch movies on planes, but i do glance at other people's screens and guess what they are watching. i'm real good at this.
@bwziemer that's real leather son. hope you enjoyed the show.
.'@mindykaling got you and skaarsgard on list for alex wang party. secret location is whole foods on bowery (vip area: frozen foods.) #nyfw
hey @mindykaling, are you still coming to see the hermes for babies line i designed? our show is in 15 mins. #nyfw
if i was a stadium dj at us open, i'd have "deuces" (remix) on deck for when games hit 40-40. (credit @southcackneez)
rt @ew #parksandrec blooper reel just as great as you'd hope -- video
riddick from chronicles of riddick plays tennis!!! what the fuck??? oooooh. roddddick. #damn #shhhhhhh
yes! sequel to before sunrise and sunset!! @deadlineny: richard linklater completes before midnight
strarting a book club. we'll only read one book. total recall: my unbelievably true life story by arnold schwarzenegger. who's in?
hitch 2 ending- girl: i'm a girl and need hitch-esque advice! me: hmmm... enter @mindykaling as a female hitch. to be continued! #hitch2
.@taylorswift13 - would you play an allegra cole type in a direct to dvd hitch sequel with me? @martinscorsese in talks to direct
@goat_musings yep
.@phillipseymourhoffman would be up for playin an albert brenneman type in a direct to dvd hitch sequel starting me?
scene idea: instead of usher "yeah" dance sequence we do psy "gangnam style." thoughts @danieldaylewis?
taking suggestions on who should play my love interest aka the eva mendes part in my hitch 2 sequel. hit me.
thanks, u can be an executive producer on the film @shanmackie: @azizansari  @jadensmith is suspended, @officialjaden is the real one. :p
.@officialjaden - would you costar in a direct to dvd hitch sequel with me? @christophernolan and @martinscorsese in talks to direct
.@juddapatow if @jadensmith declines, would you be interested in playing the albert brenneman type in my direct to dvd hitch sequel?
oh shit. i got it. premise is im training a young guy to get his first girlfriend. the guy - @jadensmith!!!!!!!! #hitch2 #jadenareyouin
.@taylorswift would you be interested in playing the allegra cole type role in a direct to dvd hitch sequel starring me?
hitch retires and i take over. instead of vance munson - hit it and quit it guy - we'd get jean ralphio to do a similar scene. "mmk pumpkin?"
if i got approached to a direct to dvd hitch sequel, let's just say... i would definitely do it no questions asked.
.@iamrashidajones let's reboot hitch @danbakst: only complaint w/celeste and jesse- no scene w/@azizansari giving samberg hitch-esque tips.
@allhailgreg it's on hulu
@danlevy @amtendler little chicken fry?
fuck! i just spilled salad dressing all over my external harddrive!!! #awesomesentencethatmeantnothing50yearsago
for those asking, the only australia shows will be in sydney, melbourne, and brisbane. all tickets here:
australia: tickets now on sale for my standup shows in melbourne (
@editevening all new material never seen in any special
txted a bud to go on a jog then txted another bud to go get these peach filled donuts. #fatsolife
@hannibalburess @bigsean swerve
"how bout we air stop or my mom will shoot, the stallone-estelle getty buddy cop movie?" "great idea chris!" #overheardathboprogrammingmtg
the best people i know in scramble are my cousin @harrisrules13 and @iamrashidajones. this clearly means they are meant for each other.
@uriktheviking oof. sorry - fyi i have nothing to do with any of those aziz news bots.
ummm this website is amazing. go through the diddy and dmx chunks asap:
for those asking, yes, i'm doing shows in a few other cities in australia also. info on those shows soon.
@jizzyteacups melbourne and brisbane i believe, info coming soon.
australia: i'm performing at the sydney opera house on 10/12. get tickets here:
hahaha @ben_stoddard: @azizansari damn it, jerry! #jurassicparksandrecreation
yep. @alansiegeldc: dr. malcolm walks into the bathroom after jerry and says, "that is one big pile of shit." #jurassicparksandrecreation
tom accuses dr. malcolm of stealing his "water drop on the hand" chaos theory pickup strategy. #jurassicparksandrecreation
hahhahaa @kickpuncher: @azizansari @unforettable donna shoots a t-rex for eating her mercedes. #jurassicparksandrecreation
yep and tries to feed a dilophosaurus a sweetums bar @desertvol: jerry loses the canister of dino dna samples #jurassicparksandrecreation
john hammond teams up with entertainment 720 to bring dinosaurs to pawnee. #jurassicparksandrecreation
@vickyhanlon melbourne and brisbane and sydney
can i be the guy that goes  'brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr' on rap songs? #reallygoodatrollingmyrs
@crizzostizzo hahahha pizza pizza!!! that place looked so bad.
all i did today was listen to bandz a make her dance and eat sour cream and onion ruffles. #sadstateofaffairzherrrrr
ate too many sour cream and onion potato chips today. #ugggggggrrrrrghghg #feellikegarbage
@sho_pr no prob, just send me all of season 2 on dvd asap, thx
@daymdrops me and @chelseavperetti really want to co-host a review, can you to come to la plz
@chelseavperetti @daymdrops @reddit holy shit
@sofifii i remember like 5 people's names. how do i remember that conversation.
holy. shit. rt @mindykaling
@baron_davis: just wrapped filming #themindyproject with @amareisreal @mindykaling
dark knight rises: rare photo of indian actor originally cast as bane before tom hardy:
"a big booty ho! you shouldn't have. thanks." - 2chainz on his birthday #sorryifthismakesnosense #listentothatalbumitsgood
anyone else jumping around and yelling "crack! crack! crack! crack! crack! crack!"? #2chainzalbumonblast
@stuartweinstock @gofishvancouver dude how good is that fish and chips, i'm jealous you ate it
if you need me, i'm busy watching a sh'boss boys documentary about how they installed gps in their power wheels. #notlying
you are my hero. #keepyaheadup @asreial: @azizansari i've seen them live....  more than once.     #hangsheadlowinshame
oh damn. lil kid rapper youtube binge continues. here's the sh'boss boys covering i'm on one!! #fire 
@lenroq @thejgold @substances la. in ny - miss korea is dope.
very on board with this. @hannibalburess: little kids rapping about snacks = a hit -
oh boy. rt @aaronpaul_8 on tonight's episode of breaking bad shit gets crazy.
@buttasteele i only fuck wit da apple juice but i appreciate the sentiment
#jeah is amazing @chelseavperetti: @ryanlochte: #jeah i'm out headed back to the states now beyond pumped for your return
yeah, anyone know? @rickydez: @azizansari: pho 95 in denver. wow. #tasty what is with the numbers in pho restaurants?
pho 95 in denver. wow. #tasty
@the_nicktator same clip twice
@abads17 i'm in la shooting parks. must have been one of my doubles
wow. play these youtube clips at same time. 1)
holy shit. click 1)
@shawngute hey idiot, i'm touring a whole new hour plus of material that's never been released, so don't tell me to "get some new stuff"
as you can tell by the previous tweet i'm really bored being away from nyc.
@jwoliner oh lil eagleheart rerun plug too? why not??
@danimalinc not complaining ding dong
when la is this hot, i wish i our show was called indoor air conditioned areas and recreations. #itshotinla #shootinginapark
nyc: also, buried alive at carnegie hall on 11/10. onsale tomorrow at 11am est. link here:
nyc: buried alive at apollo theatre on 11/9. onsale tomorrow at 10am est. password: fnycf. link:
oh damn. if you're all caught up on breaking bad, watch this:
agreed. @theavclub: iconic hip-hop album covers, now with 100 percent more @azizansari. #greatjobinternet
denver: limited tickets available for shows on saturday, aug 11 at paramount theatre - 7:30 and 10:30pm. purchase here:
@jonahhill @actionbronson bird on a wire!
@chelseavperetti the ol "no good brunch in la" topic huh? #cueupthetonibraxtondotes
@bjornpeterson2 @iamrashidajones is that what 79% positive reviews on rotten tomatoes means shit head?
if you are in ny/la, go see "celeste and jesse forever" this weekend. my lil boo boo @iamrashidajones wrote and stars.
@phluffypanda havent even filmed it yet. not sure what i'm doing this time!
@dillonross89 8/11 go to ticketmaster and search it should come up
los angeles: i'm doing shows for my buried alive tour on 9/13 and 9/14. get tickets here:
@chrisrock yo that movie came out a long time ago
@thejgold go to "go fish" and get fish and chips!! please!! so good!!!!
@sabrinamalik cochon, butcher (get the pork belly sandwich), and verti mart for po boys.
@bourdain tell me you got the rabbit n' dumplings.
@rob_babylon @chelseavperetti yo. wtf. chels, this dude is busting out track 7?? we might have break our 90 day rule
@rob_babylon @chelseavperetti yo chels i respect this dudes think like a man knowledge. you?
@caroo0o0o0 no don't go there! i was joking. eat at nora grey
@bourdain you gotta get the pork belly sammy at butcher. #havingtasteflashbacksasitypethis
@bourdain #martinspotatorollforlife
"i'm gotham's reckoning!" -  (thanks @deanareys for discovering the bane emoji)
eggspected that sooner! @nathanmichaelis: skrilleggx. rt @azizansari: does anyone know who's djing at eggspectation tonight? #montreal
@wintercheck wdb dat ain't a nice way to talk bout ice cream
wow @joemande just crushed it at the secret show at tim horton's. top notch! #montrealjustforlaughs
house of pain's "jump around" is permanently associated w/that mrs. doubtfire opening bday party scene. #farmanimalsallupinthebdaycake
montreal: rumor control - @chelseavperetti and i are not djing at eggspectation tonight at midnight.
montreal: back for 3 shows at the metropolis this week. friday sold out. ltd number left for wed and thurs. get em here:
here's an interview i did with @pitchforkmedia:
@ffffuuuccckkkk yeah it's never explained why a kid is in the crew. smh.
@chelseavperetti only 3 - toni braxton, how much wez on the phones these days, think like a man
watch this! rt @toddbarry: my @comedycentral special "super crazy" premieres 11pm tonight.
@tfrey26 executive platinum my man, you know what it is.
@aerika_laine hahahaha. glad to hear that.
@williedetails @chelseavperetti @cjenkinscomedy yo i dont know what the fuck yall talkin bout leave me out this convo
@pmh077 shit, sorry man. it was a tough call, but we just felt it was too soon to do a show like that. hope you understand.
@tinawinabobina ugh i'm really sorry christina, i'll come back to denver again soon. i hope you understand why we had to do it this way.
@overbysara i'm really sorry, it just didn't seem appropriate to do shows so soon after. i hope you understand.
@binkthegr8 just seemed too soon to do the show. hope oyu understand.
all tickets valid for the new 8/11 shows. if you need a refund, please contact customerservice@tickethorse.com or call 303-405-6066.
due to the tragedy in aurora, we have postponed my denver shows to 8/11. my thoughts are with the victims and their families. truly awful.
@chelseavperetti no stop it
@colbyraden one of my favorite proposal stories! thanks.
@nevercontrary i gotta finish this tour, record a special, and then write a whole new hour. so probably not too soon.
@mysterion3000 in fall/winter
@kgjoseph yeah in fall/winter prob
montreal: i'm doing 3 shows at the just for laughs festival next week. get tickets here:
@bourdain you get the pig face??
@chelseavperetti depends on her short term goals and her long term goals
@jfklives then it's like ok now they are definitely done - boom - d3 all up in ya grill.
anyone gonna sample the dark knight bane chant and make a song that goes "we keep hustlin! hustlin! we keep hustlin! hustlin!"? @rickyrozay?
@sydneyep luke's lobster, abc kitchen, marlow and sons
@sisternature100 you tried the peanut butter banana one? that sounds tasty
@shady_po_brady nope whole new hour
i taped a 1hr interview for sirius xm's unmasked. it debuts tomorrow at 2pm et on the oanda channel (xm 105, sirius 206 w/sirius premier).
i taped a 1hr interview for sirius xm's unmasked. it debuts tomorrow at 2pm et on the oanda channel (xm 105, sirius 206 w/sirius premier).
@rickysfishtacos ricky i miss you
just walked into build a bear for air conditioning, now legit intrigued by their new build a dino program!!
@djasd1 @nhl_sens #schwarmapalacegarlicsauceforlife
@lscorrcho haha thanks! that song is ridic.
@maplehutt yep
@iamvishalraj it is @chelseavperetti
@katuwapitiya all me dawg
hey @iamrashidajones is it true we are starting an r and b group called chicken 'n dumplings?
@alrmullins chicken n' dumplings. (not 100% true but i like typing out chicken 'n dumplings.)
@rebeccahyecho yep. i made this tour suit with the lovely folks at band of outsiders
never had em! dryin plumz by 2chainz @iamrashidajones: 2 questions, zeezers. u like dried plums? also, what's ur favorite song right now?
@thatkidhasmoxie in a few weeks check
@g3rm5az tokyo
@atorres086 ends up being an hour and 15 min usually and opener does 20-30
@adamhaidi i did wellmont a few months ago boo. gonna do nyc again in november
any questions about stuff? bored waiting for flight to take off. re: my tour, some people asked about uk. trying to do uk and australia.
@chelseavperetti @andju nah far as i know the cookie is up for grabs. be careful dough - she thinks like a man - but acts like a lady.
"sorry i'm late! was pointlessly checking the same 6 websites over and over again and lost track of time!" - honest aziz explaining tardiness
shoutout to the folks that videotaped fireworks on their phones last night. so glad we have that footage to look back on.
@missroberts as it says on the bottom  "more dates added soon..."
@watt_milson dont blame me. that's what bartender said bing bong
@mikemoyn dish network trying to put ricin in amc's burrito
@roach2110 is that their slogan? characters welcome? hahaha
if you ever find ya self chopping it up in vancouver, go to go fish and get the fish and chips. ridic. #oneofmytoplunchesof2012
wow. amc is not fucking around. rt @nytimes amc sends 'new reps' to dish network ceo's home:
@djones5454 check you dm
@djones5454 sit separate it'll be good, do it.
@atimiscott happy birthday!!!
@cathyb_06 there may be a few single tickets left at the door not 100% sure
@atimiscott its orpheum
@tjy12345 @chelseavperetti thinking you may be right
@staceyobrien1 hmmm probably was running cause i was late for a spot at comedy cellar on macdougal, unrelated to your yell. #didnthearya
@kaisdavis really happened once after a college show.
@3lisabethx huh? that's not on there is it? shit must have been a fuckup
@3lisabethx i made that playlist, thanks. which song do you not like?
@julexeira november
buried alive tour in portland, seattle, and vancouver this wkend w/@chelseavperetti. few tix left in vancouver. buy here:
@fairedusurf perfect
yep. @louisck: please remember, louie season 3 premieres this thursday, 6/28 at 10:30pm on fx.  this season is really different and good.
@nptechally your duncan hines is irrelevant ok????
@cabowers bunks sandwiches bunks sandwiches bunks sandwiches
@mcgeedennis dude i'm down
@az_amazing yeah probably in fall, want to do phoenix and eat pizza bianca or whatever it is
@evanlucy poole's diner, so good!! that mac and cheese is ridic.
@kattheatregarry never took sketch writing but ucb is a great place
@gorthex die hard, t2, coming to america, back to the future, before sunset, boogie nights, dark knight
@girlchucknorris i came to royal oak, need to do detroit. loved doing the fillmore a few years back for dangerously delicious
@dogofthunder that was cassius "i love you so." been mainly that, stooges, ironman by black sabbath. might try "return of the g" by outkast
@jobybarker @kanyewest dunno like a lot of em, but i been rocking this a lot lately:
currently 2:54 deep into "where do you go? (my lonely)" by no mercy
was listening to mercy. i had "where do you go (my lonely)" by no mercy on my itunes for some ucb sketch. been too lazy to change it.
damn its raining like a beast in nyc and i'm kind of bored. anyone have any questions they want to ask?
no your duncan hines is irrelevant rt @samannthasnyder
your duncan hines is irrelevant @azizansari
@chinaman_andy you overreact to misspellings ding dong. maybe i don't give a shit to spellcheck my fucking tweets #iknowimoverreactingnowtoo
@dlinke01
your duncan hines is irrelevant rt @newtgingrich spoke at a fundraiser for congressman bill johnson in hanover, oh. great crowd.
your duncan hines is irrelevant rt @rich70435 pineapple upside down cake  duncan hines
your duncan hines is irrelevant rt @pillsbury
#tweetsyoucaneat 5 minutes + 3 ingredients = peanut butter banana sweet roll nirvana!
@nafeesaa way dis at
fearless four - rockin' it -
@saintpiercing shut up fool. nah i ain't drunk just bored. trying to make it back to nyc and this bus stinks like sewage. long story.
@mattroarty @chelseavperetti shut up just kidding thanks dawg
@chelseavperetti they my dvds now
oh damn. now we listening to '93 til infinity. get on board sahn:
poll: what's your favorite rza beat?
@thesolsta hahaha
how good is the beat to "rainy dayz"??? @rzawu well done
if you're doing something wrong and someone yells "hey what are you doing??" go "wamp wamp what it do what it do" #pushatdebatestrategies
we on da tour bus back from philly, it stinks like sewage on dis bus. haaaaaalp what song next???
anytime you're an arugment with someone, just randomly go - your duncan hines is irrelevant. #pushatdebatestrategies
just got a vm from 2chainz, he's apparently ridin around, but last part of his message got cut off, any idea what else he's doing?
@shitgermanssay @nprfreshair fuck!!! i meant to invite her!!!! damn.
@zross12 we run in the same circles.
does argyle punch theo in the garage? @uzi3786: @azizansari lol your a die hard fan??
shoutout to the programmer at cmt who decided to throw die hard into the mix.
where should we eat in raleigh??? #buriedalivefoodrecs
@bmcclain @busybeecafe no scarf. light jacket. calm ya self.
i'm in raleigh at busy bee helping folks register to vote. come register  @ofa_nc at
@chefsfeed
amazing. @juddapatow: a wonderful, kind  letter i received as a small child from @stevemartintogo.
cool. doing a car wash with the ghost town djs @jbmiller79: welcome to the home of the so so def bass all-stars. please act accordingly.
@k_heetland maybe at box office? i dunno
@allidiesel it was @chelseavperetti
@gryphon74 puppy story was maybe my favorite proposal convo ever
@davidcho nah the cdb is hitch and you're sara melas trying to expose him via your gossip column
well i missed most of hitch cause of the gam---- hold
the fucking phone!!! fuck me!!! hitch is on again!!!!!!!!!!
wow. the heat are even more guarded than eva mendes' character sara melas in the beginning of hitch. #iknowthisisgettingrealdumb
okc just called a timeout so everyone could watch the wedding dance setpiece at the end of hitch.
hey doris burke, how about an update on what happened to hitch after that crazy allergic reaction to that sushi???
"one of my greatest regrets is directing saving private ryan instead of hitch" - steven spielberg
halftime? more like hitch time nba finals!
coppola originally wanted to fold the story of hitch into the godfather, but didn't think brando could pull off the dance scene.
writer aaron sorkin was brought in to write all the sara melas-hitch back and forth. #unfoundedhitchbehindthescenestidbits
rt if you're familiar with the hitch deleted scene where hitch makes a day of reservation at nobu for his first love.
hitch is on tbs!! albert brenamen just stood up for himself in the board room. lot of hitch left. tune in america!
this photo pretty much sums up how ridiculous and amazing my dad is. happy father's day!
nyc: shows tonight at beacon tonight are sold out but i'm gonna add more shows in the fall/winter sometime. also, i like tacos.
@whatwouldkevdo thanks for helping! yeah i didn't ask em to blast lights at the balcony. haha. glad we fixed it. now... phone off!
@whatwouldkevdo how? whats wrong?
chicago theatre. 2 shows!! tonight!! let's go!!!!! #channelingdiddyforthistweet
watch this. last night i had to help conan out after @michaelbuble bailed on him:
@jorric0 scheduling issues. sincerely, aziz
chicago: my shows are sold out but gonna come back in a few months. also go see @hannibalburess tomorrow. tickets here:
fyi all june buried alive tour dates will be opened by the hilarious @chelseavperetti not the jabawockeez as previously rumored.
investors needed - myself, @hannibalburess, and dave arnold want to open a bar called white boy wasted. who's down?
tom and jean ralphio force detlef and roy hibbert to join the nights watch as punishment for messing up their lunch order. #thronesandrecreation
jean ralphio starts secretly dating cersei. #thronesandrecreation
khal drogo hires entertainment 720 to "rebrand" the dothraki. #thronesandrecreation
yep @kentremendous: pretty sure the cast and writers would be up for a 100% cross-over season with game of thrones, if they were into it.
@yonkastone ricky's fish tacos, guisados, jitlada
@scooterbooms awww cheer up lil boo boo. it'll be a fun show tonight and go visit in nyc, its the best!!!!
@steven_falco we're adding shows in winter
just saw "sandwich/jewish/grape juice" written in my joke notebook. no clue what this bit was but sounds like a lost gem.
hi. watch hilarious comedian and hitch enthusiast @joemande's comedy central special fri 11/10c. here's a preview:
@talentovere check the link. toronto dates are there
@jadedeev i'll add more in nov/dec. keep an eye out
@sharplyflexed check the link. there's a date in vancouver
@tony978 did four shows at wilbur theatre a few weeks back
mad men. wow.
@kimmiann1202 yep!
about to take off on a long flight. seated to a next a very attractive woman. sorry, did i say attractive woman? i meant bald businessman.
@jwoliner @xhollyw00dgrlx it's the robot from short circuit, "number johnny carson 5 is alive!"
@areaneyday @jwoliner #5 from short circuit? no
@xhollyw00dgrlx @jwoliner nah he meant carson daly. just saw matt weiner tweet an apology for mistake
@darreneisnor nah his name is carson daly
@luciyer @jwoliner nah he meant carson daly. read it in an interview with matt weiner
@chelseavperetti @christhefuur actualy. nope. thought that was a white head band and fro in the profile pic. fraid you not eccentric enuff
@chelseavperetti @fortunefunny also neither of us should be responding to tweets this fast, not good for our real world  images
@chelseavperetti @fortunefunny still unsure
@chelseavperetti @fortunefunny hard to know if you really hate this person or not. #geniinechelsisararity
whoa. not to be racist, but i just flipped through channels and saw an indian dude on modern family and legit thought it was me for .2 secs.
mysterious new clip from prometheus featuring kevin james:
@stinbot yeah
@samlannetti gonna tour it for a while longer and then figure it out
damn. that's why mcnulty, lester, and bunk abruptly left our dinner at torrisi rt @noreservations and it gets better
for the last time, sandy kenyan from taxi tv is not doing a secret dj set with me at the cvs at astor place tonight at 3am. #rumorpatrol
@eimajination hold up bozo, if i said 'he,' musta been when she was hidden in blanket. sorry i woke her up. hope she didn't go bananas!
@andrewk406 it won't. only on
breaking bad is back july 15th! fuck yes.
@joemande @himanshu @matthewshawver is brenneman. joe you can be hitch's friend at ellis island.
thanks for all the tweets about my special. version for $5 download on
does anyone know how my equity in harvard connection/connect u is affected by today? #winklevoss4life
.@chelseavperetti is vegan but when on tour with me - she eats pork, beef, chicken, seafood, and dairy.
sitting at a restaurant with two people who are both playing scramble. and i'm tweeting about it. #smh
@kaitlynbrianna all different
#nextleveltravel #nohandsdoubleswivel #watchoutexperttravelercomingthrough
#experttravelerswag
@nathanrouse79 yes
can you explain why you guys were so quiet?  @paulwalker47: @azizansari can you please explain what's going on here?
indianapolis. where should we eat?
well done. @noobmike: @azizansari @therock @laurencoleslaw what's your favorite dis? it doesnt matter what your favorite dis is! jabroni.
so fassbender is a young android version of albert brenneman @damonlindelof: it has kevin james' dna. rt is prometheus a prequel to hitch?
it's all good twitterville. parks and rec is returning for season 5! still no word on perfect strangers though :(
need clarity here @damonlindelof, is prometheus a prequel to hitch or just a film that takes place in the same universe as hitch?
montreal: tickets on sale now for my shows at just for laughs in july. buried alive. all new material:
@djsquee fuck we wanted burnt ends but didn't have enough time!!
@jakewillems yep
st louis, where should we eat? kansas city killed it - oklahoma joe's ribs and stroud's fried ck and biscuits. #tasty #thefatsotour
@burnsymccreery there is no dvd! only avail online at
parks and rec season finale tonight at 930/830c on nbc. watch it. #sorrytootiredtocleverupthisplug
cincinnati: presale 10am tomorrow for 6/9 show. tix:
charlotte: presale now for 6/7 show. tix:
@meetjonathan yes. opening joke from my first special
@bankruptaustin dry cleaning is bad for suits. always just steam and press unless absolutely necessary.
why has no one made a game of thrones youtube video dubbing in chris finch dialogue??? internet come on!!!
amazing! @jwoliner: holy shit i was right!! leaked final page of mad men finale script:
@schuylerroach oh i didn't hear you
@trogdawg it's a different hour
no! buried alive is a new hour @jsondermann: @azizansari is dangerously delicious same routine that i'm going to see in stl this friday?
@therealdjksr nooooooo! totally different hour
@bzarp hahaha no! that would be pretty weird
@fousterus it'll be in the fall probably warner or constitution hall!
here's an update on my standup special dangerously delicious which i released online for $5 at
alicia keys and seth herzog at the met ball
welcome the lovely @iamrashidajones to twitterville y'all. she'll be tweeting about our adventures at the met ball tonight.
despite rumors i am not djing at the jimmy john's in chicago from 3-4am tonight.
dr octagon #theresahorseinthehospital
yes!!! rt @beardfoundation: winner humor: @brettmartin gq, the hangover part iii #jbfa @davidchang @azizansari @lcdsoundsystem"
@streetzapizza noooo you can't be closed today!!! whhhyyyyyyyyy
atl: first show sold out, so we added a late show on 6/20. all new material. tickets here:
@jhartzell2 @theavclub hahah that's awesome. thanks for the tips.
arnold just ripped the door off a smart car!!! my foot is bigger than this car! #awesome #exp2trailerlivetweet
whoa. theyre in a tank that says bad attitude on the side!! i wrote the same thing on the side of my kia sportage. #exp2trailerlivetweet
track em, find em, kill em. - stallone explains the plan and driving force of the 2nd and 3rd act of the film. #exp2trailerlivetweet
the trailer just informed me that in this sequel everyone is expendable!! #highstakesyall #exp2trailerlivetweet
van damme is the bad guy! oh fuck!!!! hes trying to obtain 5 tons of plutonium. this can not be good #exp2trailerlivetweet
jet li! motorcycle! explosion! bruce willis! helicopter! explosion! tanks! more explosions!  #exp2trailerlivetweet
i now pronounce you man and knife - statham about to stab newlyweds yall.  #exp2trailerlivetweet
the trailer just flashed its first trailer tag line time. to. reload. #fuckyeahitstimetoreload #exp2trailerlivetweet
oh shit! expendables are coming in on a motherfucking zip line!! #classicalready #exp2trailerlivetweet
watch a new parks and rec tonight at 930/830c on nbc. paul rudd is back and... burt macklin in the mix!
in honor of the popchips scandal, let's all watch short circuit 2 today and have our heads explode. #indianguyisactuallyfisherstevens
@hansgruberwins
london! go see this man! @hannibalburess: just got to london. run at soho theatre starts tonight. tickets here  
see five year engagement this weekend. ton of hilarious people involved including @prattprattpratt aka aka chris pratt! go!
atlantic city: two more buried alive shows added on 7/14. all new material. tickets here:
new parks and rec tonight at 930/830c on nbc. amy wrote & directed. also brad leland aka buddy garrity guest stars with a bolo tie!
subtle shoutout to @chelseavperetti @chethaze: i got some bad women following me.
oh shit! bruce willis and the rock just took off in a tank, the tank jumped in the air and shot missiles! yes! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
"i wasn't going to bury any more joes!" - @therock #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
london? gonezo! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
whoa! a motorcycle just turned into missile!! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
what?! bruce willis is the original joe!!!! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
gi joes are no more!! whaaaaaat!!!! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
what?!! the president is the bad guy!! the rock vs. the president!! yes!! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
oh shit! electronic bees in the mix!!! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
i'm now going to live tweet my reaction to the new gi:joe retaliation 2 trailer:
happy to announce @chelseavperetti and i just finished the poster for our think like a man reboot! check it:
can't talk. just took a date out for sushi and having crazy allergic rxn!  @joemande: @azizansari tbs is playing hitch again right now!
@jord000 no clue what ya mean, should be avail worldwide. email support@azizansari.com
@imbuyinrounds it's on
.@chelseavperetti and i givin downton abbey a try on ride up to asheville for show at thomas wolfe. #julianfelloweswhaddup
where should we eat in asheville??
#buriedalivetourfoodupdate: catbird seat. nashville. this was very tasty:
oh shit my chimpanzee documentary is killing it at the box office y'all #wasntinvolvedbuthopesomeonesomewhereisthatpumped
@amandasuecarter
dude across from me on flight to nashville just took the #3 spot on my top ponytails of all time list.
doing standup in asheville & nashville this wkend. @chelseavperetti opening. some sick soulpatches on this flight to nashville btw.
"yo. where u! we got a magician here!" #greatesttxtiveeversent
parks and rec is finally back tonight at 930 on nbc. #sorryhadthewrongtimeinthelasttweet
here's a new clip from my new standup special. it's called texting with girls. watch it:
i'm gonna be on the view and anderson today. if you are watching and see an indian man that looks like me, rest assured, its me.
@nick_kf just avail on
go see this nyc! one of the best. @hannibalburess: nyc: i'm headlining caroline's this weekend:
@ldoubleiveeo yes! giving a minute to let people get refreshments. out soon.
everyone. watch the season premiere of eagleheart tonight at midnight on adult swim. so so funny.
i really think rappers should start adjusting headphone levels before starting to record their verses.
@chelseavperetti get on scramble boo
nm. twins reboot recast. me & @therock. rt if you onboard. #twinsreloaded #teambringit #herewegoagain #morelikeherewediscoverweretwinsagain
@virtualpj thank you!!!!!
watch a new preview from my standup special. 50 cent doesn't know what a grapefruit is:
@richb420
asheville, nc: i'm going to be doing standup in your city on 4/21. all new material. come see it. tickets here:
@t_brookman thanks tim
@genital_insect hahahaha oh my god
@bandofoutsiders special thanks to @bandofoutsiders for the special thanks tweet re: my special thanks for them at the end of my special.
i'm doing a free standup show in the city with the most facebook likes on this page:
fuck yeah! @gameofthrones: anyone hunting for dragon eggs today? here's how to make your own:
aziz look a like shut down by the parks dept! putting in a call to ron swanson.
done. aziz lookalike will be there at 4. selling special & taking pics near end of line. @ajk_ajk: shake shack in madison square park."
where should aziz look a like go next? name a spot in nyc. we'll send him over.
hahahah nope! look a like! @bobkanavel: think i just seen tommy timberlake @azizansari in nyc in the sickest suit. #chickichickparmparm
@infamousp only online on
@jlindsay78
aziz look a like currently selling the special on the ne corner of broadway & prince. go say hi & grab it!
@pliable
i hired an aziz look a like to sell my new special on the streets of nyc. let me know if you see him!
watch conan tonight at 11 on tbs. i tell a funny story or two. #sorryforlatenoticeeastcoast #watchnowifyouthere
@lawlzkevin will do my best
i'm doing a free standup show in the city with the most facebook likes on this page:
fuck. well some shit just got spoiled by some ding dongs. thanks for ruining my viewing experience dicks!!!!!!!!!!!
@tharealmcgee01 you're an asshole
khal drago! #finallywatchinggameofthrones
@saladgun i'll come minneapolis later in the tour, promise! just couldn't fit it in the early legs.
@mighty1ne cool just lettin ya know in case you a fan. stay well fam.
new kanye west. check it:
if @meekmill needed help in the kitchen slicing tomatoes think he'd ask @frenchmontana to come help ch-ch-chop it up?
@hatfieldvmccoy its 100% different material!!
listen to my interview with @nprfreshair:
@nick_lug i did one called dangerously delicious. get it on
@tchtrue i did!
yes! @eugenemirman: also, @azizansari guest stars on this week's episode of @bobsburgersfox 
yes! @jwoliner: brain-exploding eagleheart season 2 official trailer!!!
shoutout to chickenpox. only disease that says "you know what, we did our thing once and now i'm out of here forever, peace."
@iamrobmann noooooo
standup dates added in new orleans, atlanta, raleigh, orlando, kent state, & syracuse! info at:
presidental march into simon says by pharoahe monch? rt @barackobama now taking playlist recs. (thx, @azizansari):
@wendy_aldridge i added new orleans at mahalia jackson, google around, my site will be updated soon
@thetoshow32292 thank you
@hibbidybibbidy now!!!!
@stevenblerg yes
as announced on fallon, i'm doing a free standup show in the city that has the most "facebook likes" on
here's part 1 of my @jimmyfallon interview where i discuss meeting president obama:
@serinachaitu thank you
@imscottmurphy @americanexpress yes!
hi! here's a link to the new commercial i did with @americanexpress:
@tcrusoe35 what's your sn
@omerismael all different material
@abbybernstein yes
@ncsoo7 yes! getting this fixed.
@jonodle band of outsiders!
@laylaydaniell i like the update. thx.
@edwardheyburn thanks so much!!!!!!!
@stevestp this is so dope! one of my favorites
@adlt27 @rickysfishtacos @guisados @lataco the winner is my tummy
@zekethephysique dude i heard about this. on it.
@mathew_nicholas digital!
@deejay410 it's a totally different hour of material
is it a smart investment to put all your money in scramble with friends tokens?
mad men premiere is nuts. glen just murdered everyone and he's on the run from the cops! #fakemadmenspoiler #glenisthebest
@topbinpingerjoe sorry was doing a q and a
@marshall332257 it's on
yep @hannahgre: will jean ralphio be making a return to parks and rec anytime soon?
@zomgsomeguy just on my site, no plans for itunes.
@neonfawn i wasn't at a house party on friday, different bearded indian man probably. it happens.
@eazymoneygs you can pay via amazon
ain't nothing wrong @anbrancran: @azizansari do you see anything wrong with a little bump n grind?
@nadeybrance i am. cleveland.
@amanda_franco @anthonyjeselnik yeah i like him too
@campcapsize no its 100% different material promise. #smh
breaking bad and mad men @billbrews: @azizansari what's your favorite drama on tv? #askaziz
@mookieblaylock just my site -
it didn't! we declined a 3rd season to work on other stuff. mtv was cool. @jgates101: @azizansari why did human giant get cancelled?
@wdbg8r also i never saw all those other tweets, i can't read em all cause there's just too many coming in
those asking which comedians i like: @hannibalburess, @chelseavperetti, @louisck, @chrisrock
one on
another faq: material on my new tour is 100% different from the dangerously delicious special i'm selling for $5 on
i like the nba guys people say look like me #rubio #jl3 @sam_bolam: are your favorite athletes tim tebow and jeremy lin? #askaziz"
@natebain its all new stuff not in dangerously delicious. i don't list college shows cause public can't buy tickets
eating and becoming a fat indian man @sdpmd: if you weren't a comedian, what would you be doing instead? @azizansari #askaziz
to answer all tour date ?s, the dates are on
or a good nickname for your penis  @kedejo7: @azizansari i think chocolate dinosaur would be a good stripper name.
how good was that show! @mattaavila: @azizansari what's your favorite season of "batman: the animated series"? #askaziz
chocolate thunder @imogenstafford: @azizansari if you were a stripper what would your stripper name be?  #askaziz
hahaah i forgot we made those shirts! @amanisfun: @azizansari #askaziz response?
i'm down! @tobithompson: can we officially make 10/13 "treat yo self day" because that was the date that episode first played? #askaziz
ice road truckers @kyleteachman: @azizansari if you could be in one other tv show not parks and rec, what would it be? #askaziz
foosball (not kidding, i'm really good at foosball) @jaredllandsman: @azizansari what sport are you best at?
happy bday boo:
colorfu! amazing "the suspect was a colorful man." @agentwhiskers: @azizansari what's it feel like to be a colorful comedian? #askaziz
i don't know if i like you saying colored @xlaneymania: @azizansari what's it feel like to be a colored comedian? #askaziz
lil' boo boo @ryersonzzz: @azizansari if you were a rapper, what would be your name? #askaziz
cause you just ask me shit like this boo @teresa_elyse: @azizansari you never answer any of the questions i ask you. why?
yes! do it!! rt @i_amthefuture will you please tell my wife that naming this puppy jean ralphio is the right thing to do?? #askaziz
@heykaren maybe?
listen to kiss by a rose by seal a bunch rt @gdinapoli any tips for getting "boo of your dreams"out of my head? #askaziz
ok twitter q and a begins. use #askaziz. thanks for all your support with the new standup special!
@dinozombiesaur i only wrote that cause people asked for an update sorry i'm gonna quit comedy and life cause you don't like my tweets :(
twitter q and a starts in 45 mins. get ya questions ready. i'll try to get an update on cousin darwish's travel dilemma.
no dudes on airtran. sorry he's bothering you. @americanair: @dargandhi123 sorry to hear this, darwish. are you flying with us?"
update: @dargandhi123: @deltaassist might be helping out, crossing my fingers...
rt @dargandhi123: read flight as 10:45am instead of pm! stuck in atl airport.help me please! @delta @americanair im scared to tell parents
@jsmnsfn i actually had to buy it for legal reasons hahaha
@timreturns rename file as .mp4 and it works on ps3. i think.
@stealthnull you can pay via amazon?
@leukotriene3000 wow. good ear. that's exactly what i was going for! it's a library song from apm.
@natashadye no new tour is buried alive. 100% different
@mkabobo in the bonus pack there are a lot of pics and stuff to make your own cover art
@_evanhess haha i see what you did there.
@hayden_dedear i did one the other day
@cubansuperman go to
@ericarsenal haha no band of outsiders, good question!
@itshummm thank you very much humayun.
@drewthaengineer glad you like it! thanks for buying it.
@joeteah
@kamalazmy thank you!
@charliesheena @writeli i'm done discussing this. its a fake account that guy is just try to get attention, he's not really donating money
@mattminerxvx they'll email you i promise. go to
@beskates yesss buried alive is a totally different hour
@christian_dah1 i said whatever right?
@jasonhkcrw brand new hour
@mattyjenner email support@azizansari.com
@dj_piddles in my case, yes, people seemed to like what louis did so i did it also.
@writeli @realferrellwill @welovetrayvon yeah i just realized that. deleted the rt. stupid fake accounts.
hi. doing a twitter qanda tomorrow at 2pm est to discuss my new standup special and whatever. get the special for $5 at
@claudiasmurray huh? my special? it's avail anywhere on
@cdkercher problem?
is hunger games about a girl facing a series of challenges and hurdles during lunchtime to get tasty tacos? #mylifestorydog
don't do that @_notoriouskid_: haha make him do the r.kelly joke rt @ellevarner: i just saw @azizansari! mad geeked lol
i hope these are the robots that take over the earth. 
@tortacular just video right now .mov
@evanw2k
@jivetrky pay via amazon is an option too, check
@markdavidbecker
@keithlovell15 love my bald fans. thanks.
@jackdietrich huh? what bit was that? different indian guy?
@jbenjamin85 i don't understand this. what's wrong? it works i used it to check. we'll figure out.
@geekhillbilly i don't have a copy unforch. you got home alone? i'm down with that being a fake too.
@realkevinpatel
@silent_girl20 hmmm @supportaziz? please help?
can someone upload a fake torrent of my new standup special that plays the episode of baywatch that guest stars geraldo?
@cjay_speaks asked em about it
somewhere the 5 people that have any respect for geraldo just said - "i'm disappointed in you geraldo."
@ry_chance nooooooo. different
@kizzierascal .mov it'll work on there
@mseninsk25 i approve
it's really appropriate to tweet this any day, but seriously - fuck you geraldo.
yep. don't steal! @oli2033: just torrented new @azizansari standup. played file to find out it was jingle all the way! what the hell?
@chadcleary i'm not lying my phone crapped out. if i was asleep i would tell you. calm down ding dong.
@shearly_erratic i am go to
@thegreatwes5 login in again with your email and you can start downloading again.
@h3adsnot what happened?
didnt know flocka was a host! @cbsthismorning: @azizansari joins us w/@charlierose @gayleking and @wackaflockaflame"
@stefanjd no just
@_bigcat you can pay using amazon
@stevestp love this one!!!
@notjh i should sell my special there and online only.
i thought it was ricky rubio! #smh rt  @zlander why you never shout out your celebrity doppelganger, john lucas iii of the chicago bulls?
@timothyrueda thanks tim. i hope you like the special!
huh.. yeah... i've tried al pastor. #readthatinthecockiestmostassholytoneyoucanimagine rt @acesbestfriend ever tried al pastor?
@brian_h_king @actuallynph we ran into each other at a restaurant in montreal once. #respecttonphfoodgame #foodgamerecognizefoodgame
"you're out of carne asada??! noooooo!" #azizrage #thatnooooostartedinreallifefirst
@dm313r hannibal and i really bond over our mutual apple juice obsession
"fuck! i just ran out of apple juice!!" #azizrage
guy that played cheese should play method man #hadtodoit rt @theavclub michael k. williams to play ol' dirty bastard.
@ianlinds fucking paypall!!!!!! go to the site, enter your email in login and hit forgot password. that should send you the stuff?
@radenkg yeah
@naveenellappan hahah yep!!!! i see it in your profile pic.
@ruby0887 its a different hour!
@harp1327 its a totally different hour, watch it!
@lauren1082
@kevkevvy sorry, i focus on standup and acting in real life more than twitter bits. #justbeingreal #alsotwitterisntreallifebtw
@so_joke are you serious? i used to work there, is cedric and sandra still there? you're fucking with me right???
@therealmjeezy
you in nyc? did you buy dangerously delicious? free from 1 to 230 today? email azizddthanks@gmail.com. first 10 ppl get a dope lunch on me.
@apryldervay @wslpfm @pvarga thanks for playing the clip! #didnthearitbutassumeyouarentliars
@noreservations @ericripert @alexstupak that cod is ridic.
@jamiehrice nah i called in from nyc. those folks were mad nice though.
@simplyrafa8 we adding amazon
@soundy98 reddit people are so nice and have good questions. "what does nick offerman smell like?" amazing.
@kylebdoeden thanks! i became obsessed with north by northwest few months ago. trailer for my special is like the ol hitchcock ones too.
@nickaforte what was that site called?
@fruitucky no just
@dbl_e 100% different.
@dandmmusic yeah. its only avail for download/stream on
@mattdabrat405 huh? i'm confused. i like that your name is matt da brat though.
@the_imbroglio email support@azizansari.com, they'll get back to you quickly.
@pajareezy no different indian guy
@casey_carroll
fyi if you bought the special, there's a digital bonus with weird shit to make your own dvd cover and stuff. look on the login page.
@donaldcookie on the download page it'll be there or if you download the special it comes in the zip file or something.
@arkansteve hmmm that's not from us. promise.
@amlogan70 buried alive is totally different material.
@j0sezaragoza that's amazing.
@saltwaterpop i think it means you might be really bad at the internet, mine is at
@saltwaterpop i think it means you might be really bad at the internet, mine is at
hitch: outtakes from the dance scene #fakedangerouslydelicioustorrents don't steal, buy it for $5 at
fyi: all torrents of my new standup special are fakes with jingle all the way in it. download it from me at
@poppykentucky yes! one of the big reasons i did this. international download? no problem.
if you work at a radio station and want an mp3 clip of my new special to play on air, email ddradiomp3@gmail.com.
@pioishandsome tink so dawg, we add more dough. got a real cool idea for where to do more
here's the link for my reddit ama, ask me stuff:
reddit ama thing starts in one hour. come ask stuff!
@therealdougdrew i'm just selling it directly from me for $5 on
@sarahyoung1119 it's two totally different sets of material. 0 overlap.
@ryanrogers ummm... you mean like this? it's avail for download on
@bigspanks email shawver.matthew@gmail.com, he'll send it over.
@devinclane forever
@theregularguys haha yeah that's what i did.
@steveyknight gonna send to satellite radio too
sending an mp3 of some of dangerously delicious to radio stations, can you say handjob on the radio or do i need to bleep?
doing some of my own tech support for dangerously delicious on
nice! @marleighsea: @azizansari you are on my friend's menu at his parents' restaurant!!! it was his choice! 
@brikent master of none
@jflores78 no completely different material.
@juniorvalero151 forever! paypal error - go to
@thekyleshow working on mobile version of site, use your computer for now if ya can bud
download the video, hit play, close your eyes. rt @calebteaches is there any way to download an audio-only version of the special?
@sandipc west coast dates will be added in the fall
@davidshardlow yes
@nealj0528
@seanhighkin no it's all different material
@funk_e_fresh no just my site. its cheaper and you get it direct from me. do it -
@sarah_cmorris we're adding an atl date. if you buy the special you'll see a trip to holeman and finch for their burger is a big part of it.
obviously goes without saying, but thanks to my friend and hilarious person @louisck for figuring out the internet for us all.
@irunthepeg no. buy it direct from me at
@jmcjeffery probably? don't know what toronto show you saw. if the dangerously delicious tour then yep.
@nikhilkrb like a week ago? no this is my last tour. totally different material.
@jimmy_dwyer in every interview and everything? sorry only 140 characters in a tweet
hi! download/stream my new standup special for $5 at
@bre_nix oh shit! i'll fix that typo.
@kieranthomas dude you can download it in england or anywhere! go to
@csergent28 this is ultimate way to experience the special!!!
@clever_mofo you can stream and download a few times. it's written on the site.
@samwelburn look in the bonus pack folder!
@suicidalidol just digital as of now. but you can download it anywhere worldwide
gonna randomly send cookies and flowers to some people that bought the special. sam neill did the same when i bought jurassic park on vhs.
thank you!!! @notexactlyblue: just supported my local @azizansari and bought his new $5 comedy special, #dangerouslydelicious
@firasalexander one of the main reasons i did it this way! love that there is no lag for international
@abellwillring @torchytaco @pqui @uchikoaustin nice! you found the food list!!
@galisays ha! so weird seeing the new stuff quoted. thanks for buying it.
@adamalitweets yep!!! he got into nyu somehow
@shezlak two completely different hours of material. come to the live show still plz
@nikki_koz there is no dvd, you just download it or stream it. click the button that says watch now!
@s_audet yep. worldwide = canada.
@ameerjedi @wattznext no different material called buried alive.
@therealsidlee yes totally different
@switz213 no totally different material!
@wattznext yes totally different material
@fanch162001 not right now
@jlampron yes. totally different.
@notdavidthomas hahah true
@joepizzo shit! sorry dude, my asian friend that made the website is fixing now!
@elliehoulie you can download or stream, your choice.
@joepizzo what's wrong?
@leonxchibi new tour is a different hour of material!
@bern_generous yep there's a new harris bit.
@scgav thanks bud
@metaldart hahahaha. wake those indian fools up!
@christianoho if you release a standup special online chris ho, i'll buy it. thanks.
@jonnymcgarrigle sent your tweet to tech folks, hold tight, it'll get fixed.
@dom_aashton yes, sent your tweet to tech folks. it'll get fixed. sorry!!
@taraceebee thank you so much!!! i hope you like it.
@taraceebee i sent it to the tech guys. hold tight.
@dj_rondon its $5 on my site ding dong, not $10 and it not on itunes.
go to
@korypowell gimme a few hours i'll see what i can do
who's down with ting soda? stuff is so delicious. #nottryingtogetfreeting #notsayingidturnitdowneitherthough
@tophersanders atl and nola dates added soon, where you at?
yeah i already checked the mute button and made sure my volume was up y'all. and i tried reinstalling. btw harris kills it on scramble.
@neenz_1d come on now, i done checked the obvious stuff
yo the sounds on my scramble with friends stopped working, what do i do? #comeonindiansliveuptoyourstereotype
@shwicicle we added more. did those sell out? check
today's lesson: don't treat yo self in public.
this is fastest the entire world has ever found out about a dude jerking off.
rip horses from luck. sad news. give a shout out to my homey lil' sebastian if you see him upstairs.
@kelbird24 nashville isn't sold out - go to
because i like fish tacos  #fishtacos rt @joemoneymade why do you follow so many #fishtaco places???
fun show at upenn. again: zero stabbings. really digging the lack of violence at these shows.
was anyone else wondering why robocop 2 on hbo-z was dubbed in spanish last night? isn't that hbo-l territory...
new orleans. you are amazing. cochon?? rabbit and dumplings?? ridic. adding tour date asap!!!
#ff - @nick_offerman aka ron swanson. he is the nicest and funniest mustachioed man i know.
@erizk_vfs182 happy bday. #lazyshoutout
@dustinbatx it sold out, i'll come back again soon
@bearisdriving sorry been focusing on saying funny things in standup/acting. you can read old tweets if you want or watch my standup online
ya herd?! @kentremendous: tonight -- last new #parksandrec til april. written by nick offerman! guest star sean hayes! 8:30/7:30, on nbc.
a new york gangster. in norway?
if you haven't watched the #stopkony video yet, here it is:
"apparently malice of clipse has officially changed his name to no malice." #classictxtfrommylittlebrotheraniz
@charliezastrow @grantland33 what slim charles didn't make original list but cheese did? come on now
@velocir4ptor try the late show. just worked for me.
@rosannagalzote it'll be in the fall
@heyitslee la will be in the fall.
@sfrrrrrrr we will... we will...
new buried alive tour dates added in toronto, madison, royal oak, st. louis, boston, b-more, philly, sf & denver:
@tmoneydegraaf @grantland33 holdup - poot and slim charles better be in competition
@happygrillmore ugh that's stubhub man, fuck those scalpers. we'll probably add another show. don't pay that.
@leslyneutron got those too! good call.
shoutout to the dude that came up with trader joe's sesame honey cashews. #delicious
president obama gives me a shoutout, calls me out on lack of twitter followers. unreal. watch:
@nativeam3rican i tried my best. all i could was set aside some tickets for presale with low fees but they sold out. sorry man.
@juddapatow did you dub in "i just had sex with that crowd in the butt!" for randy?
@tyler_speed that must be a scalped ticket. the show is sold out. we may add another one. tickets were not $79.
@sean_b_rooney check on
@mrjeromyy presale is way less fees and stuff (cheaper)
@brijacob oh no. so sorry to hear about your friend raymond. please send my condolences to everyone.
@kmparavani thats what i got! that media noche was so tasty.
what's your favorite cubano or any other must eats in miami?
@nouraaa i am!
@joeybigmouth you couldnt hook us wit a discount?
@randomhero384 we added a second show
@kegsandeggs sorry dude i got as many as i could for fan presale (minimal fees) but they went fast. hard to work around them.
@ap_xo it sold out super fast. will add shows or come back soon i promise! looking at schedule now.
@jonkarieldon shoutout to lil bro of @jonkarieldon, get well soon!
@dro3030 @tdot82 i am. that date will be in the next batch of shows i announce. i love dc! taped new special at warner.
thanks so much for buying tickets to my tour. if you are in a city that sold out already, we'll probably add more shows soon.
@hockeybuck yeesh. sorry man. don't know how to beat the fast sellouts and scalpers. will be adding shows though. what city?
@tejie7 holy shit. that's insane. i am adding more shows and looking into putting a kibash on that. ugh.
he really said this in his speech. unreal. @questlove: potus to @azizansari: i got more twitter followers than you man!
lets reelect... obamaaaaaaaaa! @questlove: daring @azizansari to go in raaaaaaaandy! mode at this potus event.
@milad_604 we announced a vancouver date i thought? go to
@sabahlalalala i will! just gotta find time btw shooting parks and us touring.
wow. red eye flight. fell asleep before inflight announcements. woke up after we landed. not kidding. #nextlevelexperttravelerswag
@nickcentofante rest assured i didn't create a fake presale to scam fans
@nickcentofante forwarded tweet to topspin. thinking tickets sold out while you had in cart and you won't be charged.
@chris_yatooma regular onsale is friday at 10am. still some tickets left
@c8linog regular onsale friday 10am. link on same site.
@ayovinnie we'll
probably add an austin show later in the summer
@madgal72 regular onsale friday at 10am! still tickets left
@stefoshea @kateprocyshyn @mattyhammers 10am on friday local time
@fowizzy regular tickets still avail friday 10am local time
@zannie82 sorry. regular onsale starts friday. don't go on stubhub.
@quesowayso atl date coming soon
@genuary regular onsale friday at 10am though. you'll be fine
@eviltanga @topspinmedia regular onsale friday at 10am. show isn't all sold out yet
@jnglum go to my site. no pw.
@ast004 regular tickets will be onsale friday at 10. same site.
note: if presale tickets sell out, don't worry - plenty of regular tickets avail at fri 10am local time:
@kiren_27 no password, just go to
@ahhlekz 10am local time. regular onsale friday.
@death_rowe3 sorry duder. presale must have sold out while you had in cart. regular onsale friday.
@pgpolli regular onsale is friday. more tickets there.
@webbielala hmmm there should be...
watching nba on hbo. when did common start playing for the nj nets?? and wsup wit all these queen latifah crowd shots?
@dpd76 no password, just go to
@wendy_aldridge i'll add a date there eventually i'm sure
@abaig3 go to
la: come to a benefit for justin's gift tonight at largo w/me, @chelseavperetti, @hannibalburess, @nickkroll. tickets:
@chelseavperetti hey can you get off twitter for like an hour or so?
@brittbodyc sorry boo you caught me when i'm announcing a tour. go back and read some old ones?
also if you dont see your city listed on the buried alive tour dates, more cities will be added soon. lemme know where to add em!
update: presale for my buried alive standup tour starts wed 10am local time. dates here:
here are the first dates for my buried alive standup tour! presale: this wed 10am pst. general onsale: fri. tickets:
so honored that chubby me got to sing and play keyboard at the oscars tonight. #basingthisofftwittervillereports
wow! rt @variety more oscar stunting - the rock rides the red carpet on giant bumblebee from "journey 2"
just heard vin diesel will be walking the  oscar red carpet in character as dominic toretto from fast 5. excited.
so sorry. will digitally alter the suit for every repeat now on "@dytdavis: @azizansari the brown suit again!? you wear it every time!
dunk idea: jump over waka flocka flame, who lights the ball on fire as you go over him.
"this kid is glowing in the dark. we've seen everything now." #announcerwaytoblownawaybyblacklights
oh my god!!! diddy integrated into the dunk!!! 10.0 already!!
they should get dokes to do the ford explorer vos and batista to do subarus. #ilikedextercharactersdoingvoforsuvads
since dexter is doing those voiceovers, you think that durango in the commercial is full of bodies?
holy shit! kansas just put in jeremy lin!! don't know how or why but this game is awesome!!! #linsanity
la: i'm doing a benefit at largo on tuesday w/@chelseavperetti, @hannibalburess, @nickkroll, & more. tickets:
austin, tx: general onsale for my standup show on 4/25 starts now! get tickets here:
austin: presale for my austin shows on 4/25 starts now. go here for tickets:
eastbound & down is back tonight at 10! watch it! #didntgetpaidtotweetthatbuthbocanigetgameofthronesdvdsormaybeorakhaldragothingforchelsea
@lenadunham i hate to say it but if your show was "girls.... in norway???" i'd be way more onboard #alsoobsessedwithlillyhammeradcampaign
@livestrongcat7 yeah but chink is a racial slur and they are writing about an asian dude. maybe a different phrase woulda been better brah?
what if the writer of the espn story was also asian & a rising star? new headline: "chink in the armor of 'chink in the armor' writer."
i hope when that espn writer apologizes, the article isn't titled "lin headline was ching chong bing wrong." that would be bad.
getting weirdly psyched for the "chink in the armor" espn headline apology tour!
a new parks and rec tonight has @louisck and tom romancing ann perkins. watch it at 830/730c. it's funny.
anybody had this new kraft homestyle mac and cheese? let's just say i'm intrigued...
harris. has. spoken. linsanity has reached its apex. @harrisrules13: jeremy lin is the man.
@snowboarder2313 dude i did another. it'll be out in march. touring 3rd hour in spring.
@chrissyteigen @iza_goulart @annev  @barrefaeli chrissy plz txt me address of where to meet you guys. so cool yall are hangin wit me on vday
rt @nytimes stream sleigh bells new album, reign of terror
@highbrowshit @residented9 march! promise. figuring it all out.
@w_douillet ummmm.... yes!!! follow me and will dm info!
dude on this flight to chicago is so allergic to peanuts, they announced people in a 4 row radius not allowed to fuck wit peanuts.
boom. rt @therock: @azizansari @jlin7 hell yeah aziz. i need new meat to hunt down. we all fight to the death to end the movie. #wholives?
hey @therock, can me, jeremy lin (@jlin7) & the "rack city" dude play a new race crew in fast 6?
@420kingspade_ @jlin7 calvin cambridge only played a few games too dog. chill out.
jeremy lin (@jlin7). wow. the last time a new player has killed it this hard was calvin cambridge in like mike.
entertainment 720 baller/intern roy hibbert (@hoya2apacer) has been selected as nba all star!! congrats.
doesn't the winter coat bane wears in the dark knight rises look pretty cozy? #cozynotagoodvibeforasupervillaindough
wonder if the patriots lack of focus has anything to do with hitch being on tbs.
i'm about tackle some cookies.
landry clarke nails the field goal! #sadglancetotyrainthestadium
wow! #talkingboutdisfoodnotthetouchdown
remember that super bowl halftime show a few years ago when nelly whipped his dick out? that was crazy.
"if the jets didn't cut him that touchdown would have never happened." #suggestingthingstosaytopeoplewhoknownothingaboutfootball
whoa someone just yelled "interception" and i thought they yelled "inception." that would make football way better. #touchdownmrcobb
touchdown!!! #foodhitmyplate
it's still a one possession game. #somethingsomedudenearmejustsaid#soundedsmart
wuh oh. vince's dad also ejected for being too drunk. dude was screaming about pie on his way out. hope vince is ok. #fridaynightlights
epic just thrown out of the stadium for fighting a cheerleader!!! #fridaynightlightssuperbowlcommentary
really psyched for the crucifictorious half time show. #onlyfootballiknowisfridaynightlights
oh shit the patriots just put in ray "voodoo" tatum. saracen is gonna have to really buckle down. #fridaynightlightssuperbowlcommentary
hope someone gets a touchdown and does a tinker shuffle. #onlyfootballiknowisfridaynightlights
is pitbull performing at the half time show of the puppy bowl? #imreallysorrybutihadto
animal planet??? i thought i was going to be doing commentary during the game this year!!?? please 2013. let's not drop the ball.
show love to my man @hannibalburess. it's his bday. dude is recovering from a small car accident. not ideal. #ladiestweethimsometitties
@donaldglover what about 'crayola'? you down wit 'woo goo'?
@katsayskill presale tickets sold out. regular tickets still available on livenation link i tweeted
i can"t believe the komen found--- huh? what's that? oh ok. that's good. nevermind y'all.
@cubarican87 the no fee ones are gone. but regular ones still avail on the livenation link i just tweeted.
miami. sorry those no fee tickets are now gone. regular tickets still avail here:
@abellwillring tickets go on sale 2/23. i was confused by the badge thing as well. will try to secure no fee tickets for them.
miami: im doing a show on 3/3 somewhere in miami. ltd # of tickets with no shitty fees on sale at 10am here:
one of the funniest shows - delocated - is back tonight at midnight on adult swim. watch!! here's a preview:
watch this new tom haverford compilation of "tommy talk":
i'll be at @moontowercomedy festival in austin. badges for the fest avail here:
no checkin luggage. only carryons. no liquids over 3.5 oz. slipons. boarding pass on my phone. #whatchuknowboutmyexperttravelaswag
agreed. capn's choice. @ericwareheim: have you seen this:
@toddbarry @jwoliner yeah alls well. he fell asleep while eating a package of ben & jerry's and it melted on his belly & broke his phone.
lil cousin harris trying to get free chobani yogurts through twitter. follow him at @harrisrules13 for updates. #getharrisfreechobani
i took the tim & eric billion dollar movie pledge, because i love @timheidecker & @ericwareheim:
if you haven't yet, definitely check out the truly amazing todd glass episode of marc maron's @wtfpod. do it:
do it folks! @mulaney: my comedy central special "new in town" premiers tonight at 10/9c. i hope you watch it. love, john mulaney.
follow friday: welcome @nickswardson to twitter-ville y'all!!!!!
tonight's parks and rec is new at 830/730c on nbc. ron swanson and tom haverford go bowling. watch!
someone near the parks set is blasting missy elliott's "get ur freak on." i don't know what's going on. but i approve. #hollaaaaaaa
cause of some promo thing where lakers won, announcer dude just went "everyone gets free tacos!" #best4wordstohearyelledloudly
@tanya10312000 family matters
like how the dj at lakers games drops "move bitch" by luda after blocks are called.
remember when 90s sitcoms used to do that one episode where one character was really fucking awesome at basketball? #lebringdatback
@kissmysthrnsass i plan on doing athens
i added six more small shows in charleston, sc to benefit my old high school. tickets here:
@zachwood i never even said practice. it's a run through before i start a new tour. you sound awful though plz don't come.
along w/@trent_reznor @thelonelyisland @neilhimself, i am taking action against sopa. to help out:
i'm doing a standup show to benefit my old high school on 2/3 in charleston, sc. tickets on sale now:
@cremedelafresh holy shit, you do this on the reg? i'm skeptical but i may have to try that
@hannibalburess just drank a delicious tiny bottle of martinelli's. how's this apple juice so much better than other apple juices?
i love this:
"let's use a still from the scene where the rock is flying around on the giant bumblebee." #journey2posterconversation
get off me sahn! #kobesystem:
follow friday: @lcdsoundsystem, @jwoliner, @twittels, @chelseavperetti, @danlevy, @rickysfishtacos (only relevant for la fam)
the best part of the clippers-heat game was this look of pure terror in @danlevy's eyes.
parks and rec is new tonight at 830/730c and funny. watch it! #sorryforlatenoticeeastcoast
lcd soundsystem: shut up and play the hits trailer:
those asking about a second standup special, yes its being edited. out soon. and doing a brand new tour this year too.
@gregbresnitz ricky's fish tacos and guisados
@jadoreheights soon! almost done editing and doing graphics and shit. its better than intimate moments. doing a new tour later this yr too
i'm gonna read these articles:
person: "my friend didn't like inception." me: "i hate you and your friend. go away." #hypotheticalazizconvo
fyi i'm on a flight to la and bored as shit so ya feeds bout to get fucked sahn.
i'm down to be ludacris mechanic or maybe a dude that makes special tires for tyrese?
if you are in nyc, go see daniel kitson's show at st ann's warehouse. i really enjoyed it.
kobe bryant's standup is ridic:
oh my god. someone made a parks and rec/watch the throne tumblr and its amazing:
props to the whole foods artist who drew this.
@toddbarry hey @jwoliner that guy who you do home audio/video set up for started doing standup apparently
oh damn, is everything closed today?
energy sheets are gonna be banned in 3 months tops. its insane. makes you feel like a skrillex remix has been done to your body.
havent slept in 2 days. watched all of meet the parents on bravo this morning & something called vh1's 40 greatest falls. #sheettalk
no matter how tired you are, i don't care if you are jet lagged or what - never eat two energy sheets. #happynewyear #2012advice
@chelseavperetti in the words @n666zy, "chillin in comfy worlds."
ummm... stop everything. watch big quinn on "crew love" by drake:
this dude's reaction video to the weeknd is my favorite thing:
did i just fly to india? didn't notice, slept through both flights like a fucking champ. #experttraveler #whydibringsomanydvds
dude goes in on "n- in paris" in the subway:
@dan_kluger oh my god. so delicious. thanks for having us.
if i called 911, would a cop escort me to my house? anyone know?
@beanmaru:i had a coyote run past me one night.  he just looked as he ran by.  i just stared back.  no problems. u serious?!
oh fuck now a raccoon just walked by!! is a fucking jumanji situation going on in my a neighborhood or what??!
for serious, what should i do if these coyotes roll up?? i'm hiding in my backseat. #wenttograbmystuffsawawolfdovebackintheback
y'all quit making fun of me. i'm
about to go down in a wolf attack. all your sassy tweets will seem insensitive after my attack.
oh shit. just stepped out, wolves doubled back in front of my house! #dontwannabeeatenbywolves #aretheygone? @chelseavperetti?!
@raaaaaaaandy14 haaaaaaaapy birthdaaaaaaaay!
@sahrasahara  happy birthday!
@hannibalburess: martinelli's rt @melindakashner grocery store dilemma. motts or old orchard? this is why hannibal and i are friends.
@juddapatow that's a dope shirt.
"imagine if you had burgers for hands!!" - actual txt i just received during a convo about burgers #fatsolife
funnyman @louisck put out a new special. go to louisck.com & get it for $5. #ihatethetermfunnymanbutheisareallyfunnyman
hey if you're in ny & want delicious food, go eat at masten lake! god damn that was good. #reminiscingabouttastyfood
myself and @mshawvs remixed n*ggas in paris:
myself and @mshawvs remixed n*ggas in paris:
@thomasdupree the vietnamese there is ridic. go to les givral's.
#thatshowitsdonesondance! rt @thebiglead reportedly this is what aaron rodgers just did when he got to the locker room:
new parks tonight at 830. the truth about jerry gergich is revealed!! rt @ew 'parks and rec' sneak preview:
essential reading! @rejectedjokes: gq presents - jean-ralphio's guide to modern manhood-
rip patrice o'neal:
yessirrrr! rt @theavclub @louisck will return to parks and recreation.
this piece is the pope getting hit by a meteor.
the cattelan exhibit at the guggenheim is amazing.
in a cab. knock on glass. "yo know where the nearest strip club at? trying to see dem titties tonight." #nyiloveyou
@bsloman haha not bad!
smh rt @n666zy "raps not that difficult. you just have to remember the words." - my dad with the most relevant hip hop criticism of the year
at my uncles house, bout to school this little 6 year old indian kid in some motherfucking ping pong. #nomercy
@dtworr of course. happy thanksgiving daniel!
@chelseavperetti if the party's where you're at then let me know. #uhooooooooooooh
@chelseavperetti you not doing thanksgiving at chet's? (cc: @chethaze)
.@n666zy & i bout to get a meek mill heavy playlist popping off at this indian thanksgiving. #welcometomyhouseparty
happy thanksgiving! to all my fellow comedians, hope your family doesn't request a "quick standup show" or impromptu "roast."
chris pratt & i want you to give a shit about cancer. watch this video we made with
@danlevy why am i not stunned you got roped into pogs
@josephfdimatteo sandwiches? fundamentals is a new place people keep talking about. i went once it was real good.
@davidcho go by singapore banana leaf in da farmer's market and cop dat fish curry
@mollyjoest ok
aubrey txted me to rt, hope it not racist rt @evilhag podcast interview i did with daddy reynolds & brian finkelfuck!
gq is the best! rt @gqmagazine gq takes aziz ansari, david chang, & james murphy on a drunken trip to tokyo:
"before you go to bed, have 2 cecina tacos from tacos morelos." #thingsiwouldsayifiwasanutritionistthatjustfocusedontastiness
@plinytheleast jia jia is in shanghai! i go to din tai fung in la.
@plinytheleast jia jia tang bao owns us all. trust me.
can someone bring me some soup dumplings thx #missyoujiajiatangbao #nichetweetforthesoupdumpingheads
@blissfulj whoa i had it in vancouver. we need vij's here!
@benkrugs all good. yeah i went a few weeks back. that sammy with the chip in it?? #areyouseriousrightnow #tasty
@muddymudskipper i like that shack. been more into commodore lately dough
@dbeatsbeets you gotta go get the meatball parm at parm. #realtalk
any new ny spots i need to eat at? oh shit it's just #snacksonsnacksonsnacks
@s_maniscalco @nealbrennan are you at ross dress for less??
@davidchang @noreservations you guys gonna go to jiro???
@davidchang @noreservations betrayed again. apparently this guy is the only real friend i have in tokyo:
@noreservations chang is in tokyo without me??? whaaaat? can i meet you guys for thanksgiving dinner at toriki?
@noreservations please tell me you are going to sushi sawada. you must go. ask chang about it.
i do not recommend saying "now hop up on that dick and do a full split" in the workplace. #unlessyouworkatyoungmoney
rt "@diplo: aziz ansari jus introduced me to justin timberlake as his manager david goldstein and left me #gqparty" cry me a river
new parks and rec on tonight at 830! east coast go watch the last 6 minutes. #sorryiwaslateonthat
very disappointed to find out that actress julianna hough's last name was not pronounced like the rick ross noise.
.@peoplemag named me one of the sexiest men alive, watch a video of me describing my perfect date:
@pgibso i hope he comes back, dude killed it!
"rt @kjal336 @azizansari did budnick have his steve vai guitar pic on his necklace?" nah he was doing a puzzle with the pieces upside down
"thirty five years from now, you sent me to be your protector, in this time." #t800linesyoucanuseontheladies
"i know now why you cry, but it is something i can never do." #t800linesyoucanuseontheladies
anyone else remember when best buy type stores would show off badass speakers systems by looping the t2 bridge chase scene? miss that.
"just got a huge scheduling boner" - hbo programmer theorizing about airing t2, jingle all the way, & kindergarten cop in same block
bobby budnick cameo in t2 is so dope. if you look close, donkey lips is in the arcade too. #notreally #fakeeasteregg
terminator 2 on hbo! yes hbo team!!! also like that jingle all the way is on deck at 530 on hbo family. #morearnoldlesslikemike
@n666zy tears for fears or 808s?
yes! rt @ericwareheim t & e & the simpsons tonight.
@chelseavperetti walk down. smh. #niceoutside #toolazytopickyouup rt pls
if you do it again, i'm gonna freak out:
@joelwrig read the feed ding dong, does it look like a real feed for a movie's promotional account??
@swiftraven read the feed dummy. does that look like a real movie's promotional twitter account?
@n666zy @spotify did i do that
wow. nba is back on? can't believe this new player 10 year old kid calvin cambridge tho:
whoa. this is great. watch the cradle:
there's a new parks and rec tonight at 830 on nbc. why don't you watch it? it's entertaining! #parksandrec
very clever tweet for those familiar with the plot of disney's "the kid." rt @jwoliner @azizansari he's bruce willis now.
another great writing session with @jwoliner, currently looking up what happened to "the kid" from disney's "the kid."
dudes in the bathroom blazing. "what's that smell? oh i'm just boiling some agua!" #throneflight #bestflightbacktolaever
"prince williams aint do it right if you ask me cause i was him i woulda" - capn "married kate and ashley!" - whole cabin #throneflight
who flight crew rocking sunglasses and holding advil. #throneflight #nochurchintheflight #bestflighttolaever
everyone on flight yelled "can't ya see the american airlines jets flying over you!" #otis #throneflight #bestflighttolaever
people popping bottles of ace & tiny bags of peanuts everywhere!!  #throneflight #bestflightbacktolaever
"capn here. just saw our inflight magazine. i'm upset. the paper read murder! black on black murder!" #throneflight #bestflightbacktolaever
we blasting "who gon stop me." people grabbing duffle bags, "black strap you know whats for!" #throneflight #bestflightbacktolaever
several passengers at cockpit. upset. oh shit. cap'n goes "who gon stop me huh?!" #throneflight #bestflightbacktolaever
whole plane chanting "don't let me get in my zzoooooone!" #throneflight #bestflightbacktolaever
some dude asked us to quiet down, flight attendant throws fish filet him on on the filet line! #throneflight #bestflightbacktolaever
whole plane chanting "that shit cra!" "that shit cra!" flight attendants pulling out bottles of ace! make it 2!! #bestflightbacktolaever
the cap'n is on ye's verse, i'm handling jay's duties!! the plane is goin h.a.m.!!! best flight back to la ever!!!!!
"folks this is your captain speaking, air traffic control is diverting our course... we're about to head to paris...."
oh man. just spoke to the captain of the flight. he's down to do this...
on flight back to la. bored as fuck. might start blasting n*ggas in paris on my laptop just if everyone starts goin gorillas. #huh!
go to this! @toddbarry: i'm taping a 1 hour @comedycentral special in new york city on dec. 1st. free tickets here:
@a_gaw thats my friend hitch. i met him through my friend albert brenneman.
eating sushi with a friend tonight, dude got a crazy allergic reaction! lol. 
@puerto_ricaaaaa #acknowledged #happybirthday
just wanted to mention, that old john tesh nba on nbc theme was fucking awesome. #dundundennenamnananaaa
@igotdatcliff #davidrobinson
wow. @ew made the ultimate compilation of tom haverford hitting on women:
new parks and rec tonight at 830 on nbc. tom and jean ralphio throw the best party of all time! watch it.
@wintercheck jared from kid nation
.@fucktyler's original mc name was cool dr. money. #fakerumorsinvolving90snickshows
@walthpants you steal me space alfies??!
yes hbo programming team! more inception, maybe a little less sex and the city 2. #lawrenceofmylabia
@chasethegr8 you rocking space alfies or what?
@bdamis1 look at all those dollar signs!!!
@jackson_blake you remember my cousins moo and lou? don't you?
@djshankyswag next year
@wintercheck does baby gracie bell become a zombie den
best thing i heard all halloween - "oh shit! jesus just punched that ghostbusters in the face!!"
@vdreporting usually play lcd soundsystem's this is happening for the preshow music.
those doubting little drummer boy: keep in mind @busabusss rhymes "twitter followers" with "happy hannukah."
halloween? didn't notice. been goin in on little drummer boy by @justinbieber feat. busta rhymes:
@iiaspire oh shit, sorry east coast homey.
listen to jonah and watch this america! rt @jonahhill watch allen gregory tonight at 8:30/7:30c on fox! (0 days til #allengregory)
also dude dressed for halloween as a "shadow" but looks dangerously close to a guy wearing all black wearing black face. #badcallbud
ball so ha - what? bars close at one??? #n*ggasstuckinmaine #rejectedthronetrack
maine is popping off!!! #notreallyjustreadingaboutthroneshowinatlonline #smh
orono maine. bangor maine. week of college shows over. we bout to go cray!!! #isitpossibletogocraoriseveryoneasleep
@jesaisquoi @joemande
@pinetreemacnchz oh shit! sorry y'all gotta be outside. it is a bit chilly here in orono.
providence, ri what's good? #dontsaycalzonesplease
warning @justingignac bringing in crazy swag this halloween with his e720 costume:
@lukeslobster going to maine tomorrow, where should we get lobster rolls???
new parks and rec episode tonight - april and andy's halloween party and e720 goes h.a.m. watch it! 8:30 on nbc.
@danlevy #chainwallet
doing a show at duke tonight with @joemande. where's the best lunch move here? #sorryifthisisirrelevanttoyou
@raaaachel3 i'll be in la! sorry :(
damn 100+ rts on that sweet onion kettle chips comment. @kettlechips, the people have spoken. #letsgetthatdudeinchargeofflavors
hey @kettlechips promote dude who came up w/sweet onion flavor & let him head up the flavors dept plz #dudeknowswsupwithflavors
@chelseavperetti @kettlechips #moderationbooboo
@chelseavperetti @kettlechips #sweetonionkettlechips 'licious.
@chelseavperetti wuh bout a lil greek yogurt with honey n' nanas? #tastysnack
parks and rec + breaking bad =
doing a show at university of ohio tonight. any really good places to eat in athens oh? #sorryifthisisirrelevanttoyou
hbo: know this kinda contradicts the swat comment, but am into the heavy rotation of face/off. what y'all think? #ooohweeeeyougoodlooking
"here you go king, try one of these pigs in a blanket. they're the frozen kind but you'd never know it." #comingtoamerica
hbo programming: please promote the person that chose to air coming to america all the time though, for real. #justletyoursoulglo
hbo programming mtg: "ok need a random movie to air nonstop for a few weeks." "what about s.w.a.t.?" "that works, good job tim."
@yfrompc863 happy birthday adriana! #specialshoutout #doneanddone
@jaishberish nah never seen natty treas.
@zimathebuzz finally someone understands the gravity of the situation!
@chrinter2 that was such a fun show, thanks for coming. really great audience.
@kbosahan dude fast 5 is good. you seen it?
dude next to me on my flight almost stopped watching fast 5 at credits, luckily i informed him about post-credits scene. #gooddeedfortheday
if you are in ny, i urge you to go see karen o's stop the virgins show. it was incredible!!
@kevkus all good man. next time, i'll yell kevin back if a white dude yells aziz at me.
need a wheelchair with a bell on it. #hectorsalamancahalloweencostume #alsoneedadatetobeladyatcasatranquilathatspellsstuffforhim
tonight's parks & rec is one of the best. why? cause it's treat yo self day. here's a preview:
i am doing an ama for reddit. you can ask me stuff and i'll answer! go here at 5pm pst:
@kentremendous exactly! #nocluewhatthewhyisreferringto
@emilybobemily if you watched bbad and you knew the scene, you'd understand.
"oh fuck!!! whaaaat!!? oh shit!!! he fucking... wait... oh fucccccckkkk!!!" - me watching the breaking bad finale #youknowthescene
halloween horror nights!!! fun times. although not sure the maze based on "its complicated" was that scary.
@kgfury uh oh. that was an imposter. i wasn't in vegas. but dude does look like me, not to be racist.
@samwiewel happy 21st bday! #hopethatcoversit
@rickysfishtacos ricky nooooooooo! #justkidding #alreadytookdowntacosearlier #theyweredelicious
"i need a tasty lil snack." #thoughtthatgoesthroughmyhead200timesaday #fatsolife
@bunnyrocket whoa. that strawberry donut looks amazing. what should i order?
@andrew_i_ i said #fatsolife. if you knew how delicious this donut was...
@rickysfishtacos lobster tacos!!!!! yummmmm...... save a few for me ricky.
furious this coffee place i like doesn't have this amazing donut ready. "maybe 30 minutes?" 30 mins? i need this donut now. #fatsolife
south asians, lets help @superamit beat leukemia. swab your cheek, mail it in, possibly save a life. easy:
my friend @wintercheck runs a great small business. go watch a video about it & vote for her in this contest:
well said the onion. #ripstevejobs rt @theonion last american who knew what the fuck he was doing dies
@apdirtybird i am my media people. #probablywhyitsnotonpointsometimes
@lauren_711 this one was so fun to film. adam scott killed me with this one line, you'll know it when you hear it. plus joan calamezzo!
@oliviawilde in shanghai they had blueberry lays. not super tasty to be honest.
irvine: i'm performing at the irvine improv with @nealbrennan this saturday. 3 shows. tickets here:
sounds like you got shot w/novocaine 9 times! rt @50cent i'm at the dentist again i can't feel my face #sk:
@brittvadebonco if parks ever wins an emmy or similar award, nick and i decided he will scoop me up as we walk to the stage.
@kentremendous reading your tweets is great way to consistently confirm i don't know shit about sports.
@nilo89 neel! i saw you on my timeline finally! i hope this experience of me tweeting at you lives up to your expectations.
tonight's parks & rec is all new plus jean ralphio, tammy 1, & tammy 0. watch tonight at 830. #parkssohardmotherfuckerswannafineme
"oh boy, they're saying this older asian mans bag is too big. he's gonna have to check it. truly embarrassing. another easy win for aziz."
"ansari is asleep & will awake up in nyc. the older asian man is still sorting through his oversized liquids at security. what a blowout."
"watch how swiftly ansari puts his laptop back in his bag. and wow! the ipod is on, he's listening to tunes, he's out of there!!"
"wow. older asian traveler didn't wear slipon shoes. but who did? world champion expert traveler aziz ansari!" #iftherewereanannounceratlax
uh... yeah old man, laptops go in a separate bin. #dontfrontthecasualtravelerlineisoverthere
@eastsidebitesla food club captain fool!!! me, @jwoliner, and @ericwareheim.
@nafeesaa dude i need to get on them cheeseburgers at husk. how are they???
"you know, i'd rather not listen to 'n*ggas in paris' right now." - statement from a person i never want to be friends with.
@kaitlyneb high metabolism boo boo.
rt @n666zy can rappers write making it rain off as a tax write off? if not this should definitely be a thing.
drive 2: taco driver. "meet mr. rose. he loves tacos." (i finish an al pastor from el chato) "my hands are a little dirty." "mine too."
fyi i'm avail as a driver like dude in drive, but just for tacos. i give you a 5 min window. you go get tacos. i get 3 of them.
@chelseavperetti cant wait to hear about these new clips over a future brunch #cpgotobrunchconvos
@toddzelin one from "live and loud" is dope.
@chelseavperetti they make me drowsy. #realtalk #allergymedtalk
nevermind turned 20 last saturday. my favorite track - drain you. here it is live at reading:
@sraelopez @uchikoaustin no, just like keeping touch with restaurants i ate at on my last tour. #fatsolife
@amyfakh @actuallynph @alisonbrie @amandabynes @billcosby @brunomars @beyonce @corymonteith @conanobrien sure! happy bday! #whereuatbruno
@uchikoaustin thank you for amazing sushi. #reallymissthatwatermelonandtoro
great oral history of the ucb theatre from @nymag. well worth a read:
"dude, found an amazing donut downtown that we have to get asap. been thinkin about it a lot." #justsentthatemail #fatsolife
@rickysfishtacos ricky i need to try these lobster tacos!! they gonna be around later this week? maybe wednesday? i miss your tacos.
i thought the hash tag #fakebbadspoiler was pretty self explanatory.
@nolovenc its a fake spoiler bing bong!
@heidithinks wow. makes a strong case for martinelli's to give me a bunch of free apple juice.
@iamjeffreyw its fake read the hash tag.
@maximamirian hey bing bong, the hash tage is #fakebbadspoiler
@jackmoved its fake
@jordanrandall its fake bud! don't worry.
breaking bad. holy shit. so intense i almost spit out my martinelli's apple juice. #iwasnotpaidbymartinellisoramcforthattweet
gotta love @juddapatow live tweeting abduction. follow that man!
bout go dumb, how come? that's my brunch! #prebrunchthroneinfulleffect #whereshouldieatatny?
@draconian3logy maybe i was running late to do a set or didn't say hi because i didn't see hear you? #thxforkeepingme@repliedondouchealerts
@kaitlyneb go to these spots: uchiko, torchy's tacos, franklin bbq.
ny: i'm gonna drop in at @joemande's show totally j/k at the new ucb east theatre tonight. info & reservations here:
@n666zy send out a missing person's report too, because you're missing a biscuit.
@alyssafr maybe i didn't hear you? or maybe i wasn't at disneyland and that was just another indian guy with a beard? #youbrokemyheartboo
@tinysaurus that was a different indian dude
@parotweets i miss torchy's!!! get some queso too please.
@tonygbizznitch
@phalon_jer damn those do look good! i tried that truck on la brea and olympic the other day, pretty good pastor as well.
@risinoutlaw23 none of this clip on shit neither!! this is the real deal.
@hassankhan she was talking about the indian dude on that other sitcom.
spent morning watching "how to tie a bow tie" videos on youtube & now about go eat tacos by myself. #ballsosoft #emmymadness
@noreservations when it opens, you  gotta try that meatball parm at parm, torissi guys new spot.
@wintercheck @twittersuggests @jimgibboney @harrisrules13 whats the big idea.
some left over photos from @amtendler's food & fashion. thanks again for letting me be a part of it anna! link:
love the random robot in rocky iv. wish more movies did that, "oh btw fully artificially intelligent robots are chilling in this reality."
yes, agree on #imustbreakyou. #ificanchange&youcanchangeeverybodycanchange #seenrocky4waytoomanytimes
@jillabramson true. also, let's be honest, i probably would drop way too many f-bombs in my reviews when i really liked the food.
@henryhauckjr i recorded a new one and am writing the 3rd hour. i dunno when i'm putting out the second one yet, next year tbd.
i'm doing a set at the improv in la  tonight to work on some new material. you can get tickets here --&gt;
read about my trip to bowery hotel & my favorite cocktail aka the gold rush:
@themichaelestry i don't care about what you want me to say
more food! read about my trip to momofuku noodle bar with @amtendler here:
@wintercheck is it true you have a profile on shaadi.com?
@jeffschroeder off top of my head - schwa, frontera grill, xoco. whistler for cocktails.
@feelinminnesota off the top of my head - schwa, frontera grill, xoco. also like the whistler for cocktails.
@ferro94 love frontera, also love that sandwich place next door. xoco?
like tasty food? read about my trip to torrisi, one of my top spots in ny:
@dfntly hahahah! true. go youtube the slipnutz (amazing conan bit) if you are awake and bored.
@misstlcworld i think the pearl's roll is more mayo heavy style, and i prefer luke's less mayo style.
if i told you i was in the jabawockeez, would you know if i was lying? how? #maybeiamajabawockee
@augie825 you too homey. #weallgoodnow #nextyearletsnotslip
@10middlefingers @chelseavperetti #krollallupinourgrilldough
@chelseavperetti @nickkroll heard this statement live and now i get to read it on twitter. #crazytimeswein #meanestcutie
"maybe i'll just go do laundry" - @chelseavperetti makes a sad statement on the company of myself & @nickkroll #postbrunchhangnotgoingwell
really glad @chelseavperetti has these toni braxton youtube clip anecdotes ready to go at brunch. #givesmetimetocheckmahphone
food ppl - also went to @lukeslobster to have my favorite lobster roll in ny:
@wayneayers dude i love dairy dream!!! awesome burgers, chicken fingers, and more.
@ahmedtriplea here ya go: happy birthday!!!
@ceddyf11 holy shit! i been meaning to tell you you need to do all of watch the throne. can't wait.
@alanmyang @chelseavperetti @ericwareheim that was yesterday. today? just barely got some great pastor tacos at the el chato truck just now.
it's been one hour and ten minutes. still no word from @chelseavperetti on my "where should i eat?" txt. #dunzo
@graigadler if i was in ny? yep.
just mass texted @alanmyang and @chelseavperetti "where should i eat?" neither has responded yet. #smh
here's an excerpt from my rolling stone interview:
i'm not that lazy. giancarlo esposito. well done. #iamthatlazybutdudedeservesseriousprops
holy shit. the actor that plays gus fring was amazing on breaking bad this week. #toolazytolookhisnameup #thatsreallyfuckinglazy
@queencityfire @parksandrecnbc hahah. yeah god damn @parksandrecnbc why you gotta make me look foolish!
@danlevy hahahahahahahahahh! i'll be at lax at 8pm if ya wanna hang at the admiral's club.
@danlevy just cause of this tweet, i am now gonna read the counting crows wikipedia page.
@n666zy dude you aint tell me you had smashburger yet??! thoughts?
@thesussmans btw i gotta try mile end soon. i loved wilensky's in montreal. that bread is unreal.
@thesussmans it was fantastic! my top 4 sammies... hmmm... i love that meatball parm that the torissi guys are going to do at parm.
@briggsg happy birthday my man!
scott caan gives us his take on today's world events. cnn presents caantemplations. #caantv
astronauts discover a planet filled with aliens... that look like scott caan. close encounters of the third caand. summer 2012. #caantv
rt @amtendler when running for political office scott caan makes one off color joke that ends his whole career... out of caantext. #caantv
rt @iamvonstroheim scott caan plays los angeles surgeon who specializes in delivering bad news "my caandolonces". #caantv
scott caan is involved in a brutal hit & run & has to deal with the caansequences. catch guilty caanscious this fall on fx. #caantv
rt @sam_wiles scott caan realizes acting was his father's dream, starts auditioning for rockettes in so you think you caan dance? #caantv
thought of a new reality show where scott caan quits acting to become a novelist. title? prose & caans. #caantv
@jacobsoboroff had to film on parks! argggghh.
@unclechuckface sorry dude. hope this helps:
@chethaze me and @chelseavperetti down to meet up at any ruth's chris on the west coast. #letusknow #dmtalk
@baucesauce personally, i love the part when he's confused, then starts taking credit like crazy. (right til it cuts to the stewardess clap)
thanks. just made my day much better! rt @ashershow @azizansari bit.ly/ra2dta #gifrequest
@jrobb25 when he walked in and made that "hoooo!" noise it was great. dude is the best.
@mattypoop that was dope too.
and to everyone responding about the bread beating, yeah we need a gif of that too. come on internet. #gifrequest #weneedthesecurbgifs
#watchthethronecomics maybe my favorite one:
#watchthethronecomics 
just once i'd like to hear "aziz, looks like you gained a few pounds! you must be eating a lot of delicious food. good for you."
the fourth in my series of #watchthethronecomics. 
"no? really? your baby have some important shit to do this morning? oh wait. no it doesn't. it's a stupid fucking baby." #realtalk
"hey any way your baby can get on a later flight? i'm trying to sleep on the flight & your baby is gonna fuck that up." #reasonableask
if you bring a baby on a plane, you should be required to bring everyone on the flight donuts. #causebabiesdontshutthefuckuponflights
@mindykaling #fellowcountdownfan
the third in my series of #watchthethronecomics 
@johnquad hahaha dude, i made one like this but your picture is way more hilarious. #thronerespect
another from my new series of #watchthethronecomics. 
another from my new series of #watchthethronecomics. 
my hilarious friend @danlevy just released his new standup cd! buy it here:
jackie chan plays a chauffeur that puts on a tuxedo that turns him into a superspy. it's called the tuxedo. yep. this movie exists.
when my friends have fights w/their girlfriends, we txt each other #franklinandbash or #rizzoliandisles. (cause #tntknowsdrama).
might start working at a seafood restaurant just so i can constantly ask the waitstaff "what she order? fish filet?" #watchthethrone
@andrew_nollan son of a gun!
30 minutes or less is a movie i'm in. its finally in theaters! go see it please. it'd mean a lot to me. rt pls. #30minsorless
@asbraner thanks bud. i hope you enjoy it!
about to do npr, last time got terry gross to say "tatties," can i get the host to say "n*ggas in paris" this time??! any other ideas?
thx everyone. this q&a will surely lead to 30 minutes or less crushing the box office like a motherfucker. #forrealthoughgo #ask30mins
re: otis questions. multipart answer. yes crazy fun. best part was when a catering dude came to set with a plate of sandwiches... #ask30mins
nah he's more into suits and franklin and bash @jaxwing is harris upset that men of a certain age was cancelled #tntknowsdrama #ask30mins
beautiful girls. bruno mars ft bob. both parts. @mkvasir ur amazing at karaoke. what song do you do when ladies need impressing? #ask30mins
chocolate sunset rt @leo_rollo what color would you say your skin is? #ask30mins
re: standup questions, working on new material for a new tour. recorded second speical which will be out prob 2012. #ask30mins
master of swagamonies @ entertainment 720 rt @hugeegosorry_99 what is your character on parks and recreations up to this season? #ask30min
not sure, taped it a few weeks ago. editing soon! rt @briandiezel whens the new tour come out on dvd? #ask30mins
la taqueria rt @jjhero_ any food spot suggestions in the bay area? i'm visiting! #ask30min
curb and louie rt @mseliciapc what show do you watch that makes you laugh outloud? #ask30mins
here ya go. mcbride holding it down at courtyard marriott pool during filming of 30 mins or less. #ask30mins
one night, mcbride & i ended up swimming at a courtyard marriott at 3am. we were not guests at this hotel. lookin for pic. #ask30mins
fan: big fan of the show man. mcbride: thanks! fan: i hear ya on the jews too btw. mcbride: huh? what? oh no.. #ask30mins
the bank robbery was super fun. rt @pwrrangerdanger what was the best part of filming such a movie? #ask30min
hopefully @louisck is coming back!!! he's the best. rt @themajestic9 #ask30min which actors would you like to appear on parks and rec?
ball so hard motherfuckers want to fine me!!! #gonnaquotethronelyricstiliseeaquestionilike
@jordybar the court jester.
watch the video for "otis" by jay z & kanye west featuring a tiny aziz cameo:
"you know what'd be hilarious?! let's air that lil bow wow basketball movie like mike all the time for a few weeks!" - hbo programmer
#30minutesorless opens friday! ill do a twitter q&a for 30 mins (like the movie) tonight @ 8pm pst. tweet questions with #ask30min.
@ceddyf11 dude. where you at with the throne food remix album??!
@bradleyorourke pics please
tom haverford. master of swagamonies. peep the slippers. #parksandrec #season4
what should i talk about on conan? anything in particular? can i just play  "who gon stop me" off wtt and go crazy during 2nd half?
.@30minutesorless is in theaters this weekend. to make more ppl go, i will chat with @conanobrien tonight on tbs. watch!
@joemande call it ball so hard!
ok. that's inappropriate. rt @timewarner thanks for booking an appt, we'll hit you up mana-naaaaaaaaah! #throneday #wtt
@colinbrown_ haha, i know def gonna lose some followers today. smh.
if i was eating at campanile tonight, i would order the (slow it down) flattened chicken or the halibut #slowitdown #throneday #wtt
@mrs_ornery listen to "n*ggas in paris" off watch the throne.
@hydrophonics i thought that was sundays
i'll have some sushi tonight, maybe eat a little (slow it down) yellowtail with jalapeno. #islowdownmyvoiceinreallifenow #throneday
prince williams ain't do it right if ya ask me, if i was him i would-(slow) married kate & ashley! #wtt #islowdownmyvoiceinreallifenow
jay z went through 48 bags of bugles during the recording sessions for watch the throne. #watchthethrone #fakebehindthescenes
"sorry i'm in my pajamas, i just off the pj!" #watchthethrone
if you aren't a fan of tweets quoting watch the throne lyrics, you may want to unfollow me. #watchthethrone
@nastymantle i might be the most random person to ask about that.
@ultimateh_mania dude! you're not even gonna spill the beans on what the names are? are you fucking kidding me?!!
@mindykaling dar likes bbad. he's into all usa shows except necessary roughness and in plain sight.
"i saw zombieland with you, ben stiller was in it." "ma that's zoolander!" "oh. they both start with z." #momsbadwithmovietitles
dar and harr real stressed about what to wear to the premiere. trying to convince em to go w/a fedora & vest look.
@calsef how dope is that ending??!!!
harris & darwish in town for 30 mins premiere. dudes just rolled in rocking flip flops & a huge ass bag of cinnabon from the airport.
@brinni_b happy birthday! don't ever drink and drive.
@sssavanna what?! not true. your idiot best friend must have ran into @dannypudi or @miscbeardedbrownman. don't believe that jerk.
@aimee_lyn ouch unnecessary aziz slam in that @andersoncooper tweet. maybe anderson just doesn't have shit going on?
i highly recommend checking out my friend tig notaro's new standup cd. she's hilarious:
yep. down with this:
@brando415 animal!
@christinagtx happy birthday! my intern brad did this but it still counts. (no it was me, don't have an intern)
@emilyewoldt happy birthday!!!!
i did an interview with @complexmag. you can read it here:
@ugoddess_ct doing conan next week!
i did the tonight show on friday. you can watch it here:
@shantirocks get everything - cubano, the reuben, oh fuck i'm so jealous. the coffee there is dope too. and the gelato. fucccckkkkk!
@therealed_r @ericwareheim @jwoliner son of a gun and/or animal, jitlada, best fish taco in ensenada
@flocksea son of a gun - get shrimp toast and the alligator for sure. trust.
@heiidski yep. lost my license. i was so bored you should have said hi!
@theechaco god damn, thanks for sending me this. forgot this! that usher necklace move!! smh!
oh wait, just remember i gave my mom my kindle. this may be related...
whoa. someone hacked my amazon account! what the fuck kind of thief steals a kindle copy of the greater journey by david mccullough?
@seysay03 of course. wishing you well justin.
@c6tony x-men animated series too, don't sleep.
stop everything you are doing! go listen to "otis" off watch the throne!!!! jay z and kanye, let's gooooo:
btw pretty psyched this trader joe's is using ron swanson and tommy timberlake in their ads:
i really think @gqmagazine should dress my cousins darwish and harris for the 30 mins or less premiere. how do we make this happen?!
@vhollingshead thanks vanessa. yeah, i really miss lucien. first guy that ever passed me at a club or anything.
@chef_boyrc just reading the new script for next season! it'll be on in september. script is great so far.
@zfrick24 we'll meet again. what city are you in?
@gstakev no spoiler! just said he's the man. always believed it.
@majuhlazuh damn that's a good one.
@jacob_morales fucking amazing right?!!
someone should make a youtube montage of badass gus moments & score it with "bustin' at em" by waka flocka.
@ericwareheim i think all computers look the same
@theawesomeator i don't really know long beach, sorry i can't help. there's a chick fil a there though i think?
hey @tuco, can you send me your tio's recipe for beef tacos? i can't make it out from the voicemail full of "dings" he left. #breakingbad
breaking bad viewing party update. just got the "heisen"-burgers off the grill. #gonnalosesomefollowers #sometimesyagottaindulge
breaking bad viewing party idea: chicken burritos & only communicate w/a bell. also snort crystal meth off a knife a la tuco. #dontdothat
@kcharlie_mine just get season 1 dvd and start watching. trust.
@sepinwall do you get free shoes too?
@bennetfreeweezy he definitely did, vince gilligan said that in interviews after the finale.
@juddapatow y'all gonna hit up tgi friday's with the gorilla after?
@randullstuff osama bin lanesclosed
carmaggedeon was originally going to be called pearl carbor. #theresmycarmaggedeonjoke #ifeelgross
@moonbiscuits gyros at aybla grill are dope too. and trust me, i'm pretty hard on gyros.
@50cent i owe you for the grapefruit bit, let me know how i can help. #hopeyoudonthateme #ayotechnologyismyjam
i love my little brother and my whole family so much. :) rt @n666zyjohn maus goin ham
@joebeef i miss mtl too :(
@toddbarry @chelseavperetti #aids #aids #aids #aids #bopboppitybopbop #bopboppitybopbop #bopboppitybopbop #bopboppitybopbop
@ahomesweethome happy birthday boo :)
@rightchandman happy birthday @rightchandman! kill it at flappers and if you don't, don't get discouraged.
"touch my seitan again and i'll stab you in the throat. that's my protein source motherfucker!!" #veganthuglife
"yeah i'm vegan but i still fuck wit mcgriddles." #veganthuglife
"hmmm... let's not order a bunch of items and share." #idontlikeyourfatitude #dealbreaker #noseconddate #whydidibringyoutopfchangs
@n666zy i was down with #crisp. but this is a #nogo.
@n666zy sounds too close to no go. making this whole phrase and it's usage #nogo
"rt @cheney303 what if she actually lived on 21 & lewis?" no way. my homey warren got robbed there. they took his rings & his rolex.
@dagwood_a "where rhythm is life... and life is rhythm."
but if later on in the date regulators came on and she said she was kidding and sang the whole song to me? #dealmaker #soulmates
if i was on a date and girl said she wasn't a fan of above the rim or it's accompanying soundtrack, i'm out. #dealbreaker
@jitladala awww, i miss you too jazz! i'll be back in la soon.
@sobiaferoze y'all got dope vietnamese food. les grivals is it?
@paulciampanelli i like lil doms!
@timmysorensen i want to know about that kid n play incident!!
see? profound insight on the economy. suck it krugman. rt @nononsensethx all that money bout to be gone. smh
instead of google news, i search smh on twitter to get a real sense of what's making people shake their heads in today's world.
@ashleycoastyy that was hilarious!!!!! you guys are awesome.
i'm doing a short dropin at the punchline in san francisco tonight to work on new jokes. call 415-397-7573 for tickets.
@princessdaha you know me too well.
@jaredrossking i got my mom this same bday present. a personalized @ message from her son. hope you appreciate it more than she did.
how bout you leave your friends at that bar and come give me a handjob at this 24 hour wendy's? #badlatenighttxts
going to @youtube next week for #30minutesorless q&a. send questions to www.youtube.com/youtube & watch the live stream on july 6 at 4pm pt.
@duncgid did it last trip.
@sasheer #duckinacan #foiegraspoutine #diditlastyear #tasty
@camnavy @humblebrag i believe you mean @fatsobrag.
@chirucaliban amazon and itunes maybe?
@seann_lane yeah been rting a bunch. pretty lazy these days. #realtalk
@thequeenrebel holy fuck this the best tweet ever
@topherbowe  la - best fish taco on hillhurst or ricky's fish taco.
please check the @kentremendous timeline asap for must read up to date transformers 3 thoughts.
btw in case you missed it, you gotta watch the this nuggets inspired parody of "i'm on one" by @ceddyf11 -
so darth vader and super mario walk into a dance club 
it is always 10:10. dont believe us? watch this 
why do some songs go viral? because cashews.
honoring the life of humanitarian and activist, nelson mandela
lindsey stirling teams up with a self-taught blind pianist for a seaside rendition of oh come, emmanuel.
a tribute to paul walker from the "fast and furious" family.
the greatest takes on his airness in an epic rap battle of sportsmanship. who won?
tupac shakur talks about life and death in an animated short from pbs.
jump over buildings and flip through the streets with zombies, cops and ninjas.
#trending: first there was sharknado and now theres geese-nami.
[live] peter jackson and stars from #thehobbit answer your questions and share an exclusive clip from the new film.
a surefire way to stay #inthemoment 
lorde fantasizes about a teenage dystopia in her new video team.
they have no gift to bring ruff-ruff-ruff-ruff-ruff.
yolo and twerk top this list of words we should put to rest with 2013.
channing tatum and bradley cooper get owned by the internets favorite b-balling baby.
#trending: the sign spinner ninja breaks you off a slice of something epic.
rebecca black reminisces about the most important friday of her life.
#trending: olympic diver @tomdaley1994 has recorded a special youtube video about his private life.
@pands16 keep breathing, that's key.
@ilovetheebiebs @scooterbraun @justinbieber definitely a beautiful video, it captures the song so well.
@nbc amazing video! we love seeing the @soundofmusic cast joined by talented singers from all over youtube.
its time to chime in on the debate of the season: xbox one or ps4?
a year in the life of a baby elephant. super adorbs.
winter is coming  time to sharpen your board game skills.
remembering fast and furious star paul walker.
aloe blacc advocates for community support of troubled teens in his new video love is the answer.
so  its probably time to stop asking @therealryanhiga about foxes.
[live] calvin harris, empire of the sun and more perform in sydney in honor of #worldaidsday.
the earth is the only home we have. lets take care of it better.
the tale of two space-age lovers continues in part two of after the disco by broken bells.
beyonce wants nothing more than to dance for you.
glee actress dianna agron teams up with the killers in just another girl.
dont you hate when your customers disappear on you?
make your pets proud: learn more about non-profits that help out critters of all kinds.
happy #thanksgiving, america. we, we, we are gonna have a good time.
hit the dayglo dance floor with major lazer, laidback luke and ms. dynamite.
welcome to #thanksgivukkuh, a holiday mash-up that hasnt happened since 1888.
what if "the hobbit" was a lindsay lohan movie written by tina fey?
this tribute to miley might leave you wrecked.
have wheels, will drift.
dont take candy from strangers  unless theyre wearing neon spandex.
have you ever wondered what it's like to party with the biebs?
turducken is just the beginning. five ways to make your #thanksgiving turkey more epic.
a cowboys luck takes a dramatic turn for the worse in beautiful war by kings of leon.
#trending: the dark and dreamy new video for arcade fires afterlife.
when ke$ha and pitbull yell timber, you have no choice but to get down.
a homeless man gets a free flight back to the czech republic after being stranded in nyc for too long.
how to get ripped at home and in the car.
a #thanksgiving prank that might move you to happy tears.
pharrell williams welcomes you to a happy sunday.
@amendoindohazza @onedirection now that's dedication. #1dday
[live] the @onedirection guys are joined by some special guests and perform once again as #1dday winds down.
guess whos turning 21.
[live] whovians gather round. the day of the doctor has come.
@kaorihanda @onedirection just a bit excited. #1dday
@abrilvega16 @onedirection enjoy the show. can't wait to see what they get up to in the next 7 hours. #1dday
celebrating 50 years of #doctorwho.
prepare yourself for seven hours of live one direction madness.
#kpop hitmakers 2ne1 get dreamy and steamy in their new video missing you.
vroom vroom. the girls from haim are starting up their mopeds and they want you to join the ride.
demi lovatos heart is freaking out. thats what #neonlights will do to you.
remembering jfk 50 years after his assassination.
@brad_hodgins agreed. and if handing out surprise corn dogs to friends became a thing, we'd be on board, too.
if you cant think of something nice to say, youre not thinking hard enough. - kid president
@totallykatieee brace yourself...there's a part 2:
lady gaga goes tap dancing.
@matthytwit not quite, but we definitely saw that as a front-runner.
and 2013s word of the year is ...
this wedding  proposal might make eminem or jay-z shed a tear.
@yunyulsic_taeny big time. but he kinda had it coming, right?
#trending: an all-star prankster gets served when he finds out his girl was cheating for realz.
why call her when you can tweet? happy birthday @carlyraejepsen.
tegan and sara made this playlist just for you.
@zippertheslip well, there's always this song:
kristen stewart is super excited about #thanksgiving. how about you?
grab your snuggies and get ready for pop inspiration from some of the most uplifting lip dubs on youtube.
break out the tissues. a great big world and christina aguileras new video just might make you cry.
t-pain and b.o.b take it back to the days of high-top fades and hilfiger jackets in up down (do this all day).
wonder what this doge is trying to say.
katy perry gets swept up in an enchanting fire-and-ice fantasy in her new video unconditionally.
.@xbox how about watching youtube videos on #xboxone?
an epic split results in your man channing getting totally tatumed.
give it up for welsh footballer gareth bale, aka the cannon.
a homeless family gets a special holiday makeover from @givebackfilms.
#trending: how to freak out strangers with your smartphone.
@teganandsara amazing picks--so many cool and unique voices represented in this playlist. thank you. #ytma
kid president reaches out to san franciscos #batkid.
happy little clouds meet an army of cube people in an epic rap battle for art nerds.
is miley cyrus acting crazy for publicity reasons or is there something more sinister going on?
cruisin' for a bruisin' with a cappella outfit @ptxofficial.
bustin blocks in "minecraft" with jt and the jigga man.
@linkinpark @chesterbe thanks guys. we love how this playlist culminates in your video--a feast for the ears and eyes. #ytma
@brettdennen thanks, brett. this playlist will keep our toes tapping when we're not listening to your new album. #ytma
cookie monster welcomes you to "the hungry games." may the treats be ever in your flavor.
take a trip around the world with rock star violinist @lindseystirling.
how to play jingle bells and basketball at the same time.
guess how much pumpkin was in your pumpkin spice latte this morning.
if love is in the air, could it also be in the water?
will ferrell spends some quality time with mr. ron burgundy.
rihannas new video is all sorts of creepy. youve been warned.
let your hair down and get crazy in the dance studio with indie pop maestro blood orange.
finally, a pickpocket you can trust.
whats on austin mahones playlist?
#trending: jean-claude van damme does the unthinkable on two moving trucks.
@austinmahone definitely going to turn this #ytma playlist up. thanks, for sharing with us, austin.
imagine playing the hunger games on your old nes.
almost all of you will love this collection of hilarious music videos from @rhettandlink. if not   wow.
free your mind with lady gagas live #artpop performance.
celebrate travis barkers birthday by bumping this classic blink-182 jam.
@mademan glad we could help spread the word.
get stoked for the new #hobbit movie with ed sheerans performance of i see fire.
flashdancing with nick offermans impeccable mustache.
how your dreams could make you millions and other crazy facts about sleeping 
miley cyrus wows the internet in a more ... traditional way than we're used to.
mary j. blige ushers in the holiday season with a glitzy version of a christmas classic.
#trending: @mysteryguitarm takes his show on the road.
holiday season is almost upon us. time to break out  the tomatoes?
nintendos excitebike soars into the real world.
lady gaga takes fashion design to the stratosphere.
scrambled eggs on a stick--sounds delicious, right?
#trending: a drummer with no hands bangs out a tribute to the foo fighters.
@theneedledrop so many feels in these beautiful sangs. thanks, anthony.
grumpy cat and oscar the grouch--a match made in heaven.
the altruistic filmmakers at @givebackfilms help the homeless in atlanta.
remixing and reimagining the wonderful world of disney.
big bangs taeyang sets the night on fire in his new video #ringalinga.
drift through a dangerous video game world with superstar daredevil ken block.
learn how you can help typhoon survivors in the philippines.
#trending: ?tahw ro suineg a yug elttil siht si
a question from @therealryanhiga: don't you just wish you could pull a chair out of your butt sometimes?
get lucky with a super talented group of russian policemen.
a love song for gamers, complete with laser guns.
an intimate live session of singer/songwriter christina grimmie's "get yourself together."
take a look inside the mind of an expert pickpocketer.
think frozen vegetables are gross? think again. it turns out they're more nutritious.
just because you say it to a dog doesn't make it fit for humans.
a 12-year-old joins the blue devils drumline, and owns it.
@kandeejohnson one million people know what it means to be beautiful, inside and out, because of you. congratulations, kandee.
prepare your tear ducts: a homeless veteran gets an inspiring time-lapse makeover.
spent more time changing page margins than studying in college? you're not alone.
viral video debunk: we all knew ping-pong and knives were too good to be true.
listening for the letter "e"? you won't find a single one in this rap.
cats + cardboards is how "the hunger games" is meant to be seen.
watch the best bits of the youtube music awards show from abbey road studios 
youtube animator @tweetmrweebl shares his pick of the best animated music videos ever.
#bigbang's taeyang takes to the street with his new firestarter, #ringalinga.
hop into the shoes of a parkour wizard in moscow.
if "league of legends" works up your appetite, nerdy nummies has you covered. lulu cupcakes ftw.
if "league of legends" works up your appetite, nerdy nummies has you covered. lulu cupcakes ftw.
@bonniemckee so great seeing what music drives and inspires you. thanks, bonnie. #ytma
that awkward moment when they're taking a video, not a photo.
a lorde-inspired mashup complete with beck, 2pac, and insane projection mapping.
@cavemanfilms awesome video, guys. so many feels....
miley cyrus meets "minecraft" in an emotional ballad about creepers wrecking everything.
missed youtube music awards show from london? its all right here 
does your school have a class on harry potter?
a cappella titans mike tompkins and peter hollens team up for a tribute to imagine dragons.
#trending: a master blacksmith brings thors hammer to life.
boyce avenue and friends belt it out for a good cause.
better youtube comments just arrived, check them out now.
there are a million ways to not be boring. choose one.
aviciis live #ytma music video almost made our hearts stop. was that real life?
.@linkuptv are all about urban music, so when they list their top 5 uk rappers it's worth checking them out.
up-and-coming singer @mikehoughmusic shares a selection of his favourite tracks.
ever wonder what @naughtyboymusic listens to when he doesn't have his fingers in his ears, going "la la la"?
eminem, lady gaga, arcade fire and so much more. the youtube music awards, now available to replay.
got a minute for system of a down?
a space-age daft punk medley from #ytma winners pentatonix.
jimmy kimmel is mean to kids.
why work when you could watch this star-studded musical about procrastination?
a playlist of @girlsgeneration hits celebrating their  #ytma win for video of the year.
have you ever seen a rapper bust 6,077 words in 6 minutes? no? then you must've missed @eminem's #ytma performance.
arcade fire took us from heartache to happy-dancing:
m.i.a. dropped led insanity at the #ytmas last night:
the whole world went on a joyride through dubstep city with lindsey stirling last night. were you there?
lady gaga bared her soul at last night's youtube music awards.
@gwasballmillos thanks for the love, we certainly had fun. #ytma
@bagghj2 definitely the most emotional. what was your second favorite moment? #ytma
@jal0s glad you dug it, john. one of the finest (and first) live music videos we've ever seen. #ytma
@sonyapedia thanks, sonya. which one was your favorite? #ytma
@shamownage thanks for ... tuning in. we had ... fun. #ytma
@st3v32013 you know it. #ytma
@psychoslimshady the highest compliment. thanks for tuning in. #ytma
@gage_leech not to worry, gage. you'll be able to find the show at
@cuteasa1dbutton that's the spirit. everyone's a winner, especially you for tuning in. #ytma
@abrahamrocks11 thank you for watching. we certainly had fun. #ytma
@mattierocks101 we just couldn't resist the paint. thanks for tuning in. #ytma
@t08y happy to hear it toby. thanks so much for tuning in. #ytma
@shiralazar @vice d'aww, we're blushing. we certainly had fun. #ytma
jason and reggie have had a wild night and we hope you have too. goodnight everyone. #ytma
@asianexorcist almost too much amazing to handle. excited for his new album? #ytma
@_gstacksss agreed. we expected no less. #ytma
@math_hues glad you're into it, deandre. we're having a lot of fun. #ytma
@jacknevercrash you can tune in now at
the #rapgod has taken the stage.
@caseylynn438 you can tune in now at
artist of the year winner: eminem #ytma
@jakereyes314 we're getting there. hang tight. #ytma
@cuteasa1dbutton our feelings exactly ... minus the scared part. keep watching for even more excitement. #ytma
your invitation to m.i.a.s psychedelic vortex of awesome.
video of the year: "i got a boy" by girls' generation #ytma
@lime_and_ice you can tune now in at
@bishop1d247 we've got you covered. when you're back online, head over to
@karlhoffheins happy to hear it. stayed tuned for even more music awesomeness. #ytma
avicii's killing it right now  literally.
@emin3m_1d_18 happy to hear you're inspired ... the internet's waiting with open arms. keep watching for more surprises. #ytma
phenomenon of the year winner: "i knew you were trouble" #ytma
@itsmeviviii all the way from chile? you're awesome. stayed tuned for more #ytma.
@charlieashcroft glad you're enjoying it, we're having a lot of fun. more surprises to come. #ytma
@franco250889 and it's just the beginning. stay tuned for even more amazingness #ytma
blast off on a fantastical dubstep voyage with super violinist lindsey stirling.
@michaelcantonvm glad you're enjoying it so far. stay tuned for even more creativity #ytma
@brandon_loves_ you can tune in right now at
@efekns it's just the beginning of the craziness. stay tuned for more (awesome) chaos. #ytma
@johnpayne2000 they're all winners in our hearts (but we're excited too). which performers are you looking forward to most? #ytma
nobody puts tyler the creator and earl sweatshirt in a box. except them.
@riiyazfarook we certainly are. which performer are you most excited to see? #ytma
response of the year winner: lindsey stirling and pentatonix #ytma
the first-ever live performance of lady gagas dope is happening now.
@thegustibali #ytma is live now at
@czbel tune in now at
@_themilkmane_ tune in now at:
@carmencompres there's always a place in our heart for chocolate rain. keep watching for more surprises. #ytma
that awkward moment when someone hands you a baby   #ytma
rt if you think they should rough jason schwartzman up. #roughjasonup #ytma
rt if you want them to go easy on jason schwartzman. #goeasyonjason #ytma
@weyheyheynarry voting's now over, but you can watch the live show here:
[live] the youtube music awards presented by @kia_motors:
@lovatosswift 2 more minutes. get your last votes in. #ytma
@saphiresaphire_ just share your favorite #ytma video from
tiffany from @girlsgeneration graces the red carpet at the youtube music awards. doesn't she look stunning? #ytma
@nerdface_killer only 20 more minutes, but tune in to the official pre-show, on now at
looking sharp @erbofhistory. welcome to the youtube music awards. #ytma
@selenaxoxjustin hey there. the pre-show's streaming now and the awards show starts at 6pm et on
@__lataviaaa it's streaming live online at
@camila_cahellno @idkharmonize you bet. stay tuned in for the awards show, live from nyc. #ytma
@skeetoblack hey, tony. if you mean boston, the live show starts at 6pm et here:
@ap215 thanks, enzo. we're pretty pumped. let us know what you think #ytma
@obeyqueenlana @titanicziamm yep, you can catch the live pre-show now at
@tacosforamy we won't tell you what to do, but tonight's gonna be epic. either way, you'll find what you need at
@proudof1dxx we can't give it away, but we can tell you it's gonna be good. tune in at
@derek2009 we got you, derek. you'll be able to find everything you need on
@sagieoo hey there. the awards show is live from nyc at 6pm et. you can watch it here:
@chrissharratt99 you can catch all the #ytma action at
@theteamoron where are you watching it from? forget monday, just dance the night away. #ytma
@blvke__  @tommyhunter13 you can watch the whole show on
@nicklovesgaga hey nick, it's live streaming at
@highmastah @visionary we're pretty pumped, too. the show starts at 6pm et and you can watch it on
@rihannafansus us too. the suspense is killing us. who else are you looking forward to seeing? #ytma
chilling backstage at the youtube music awards with m.i.a. #ytma
@carlocf97 you'll have to tune in at 6pm et to find out:
@safergusonx @_ hope you're enjoying the london live show. which artist are you most excited to see perform in nyc? #ytma
@hannah_sy we're here to help, hannah.
@beccisblogg no worries, rebecca. you'll be able to watch all the #ytma action tomorrow. just check back at
@sydnierjohnson you can watch the live show at
@entirix it's a surprise until 6pm et, aamir. tune in at
@benflocks @cdzamusic no spoilers, please. but we heard it's gonna be pretty epic. #ytma
@alexgrim just wait until the nyc show at 6pm et. it's gonna be good. #ytma
@macklemore we're ready. let's do this #ytma
[watch now] dizzee rascal, brett domino and tinie tempah throw down at the youtube music awards in london.
@sailorjupiter23 you got it. just head over to
@lonewolfbeats the pre-show starts at 5pm et on
@ladygaga tonight is going be legendary. so excited to hear "dope" #ytma
the nyc red carpet preshow kicks off at 5:00 pm et. who are you most excited to see? #ytma
@kalebdavis19 no worries. we'll be in london next and then it's time for the big show in nyc at 6pm et. who are you excited to see? #ytma
@eldorado409 you bet, dan. and the nyc live stream starts at 6pm et on
@lovekawaiieh maybe you'll be more familiar with #ytma in london and nyc? stay tuned for the big show at 6pm et on
@simplyiliana and we're ready for you. don't forget to tune in at 6pm et tonight on
@yeah_hi_il1d hi emma. the nyc live stream starts at 11pm gmt, but the uk show is on at 9pm. which performer are you most excited to see?
@hh94_ almost 3 hours away now. which part of the #ytma show are you most excited to see?
@nicolefilis us too, nicole. it's our first time doing #ytma, so let us know what you love.
@mattebower it's a full day global #ytma extravaganza, matt. any performer you're super excited to see?
@grandedainty the feeling's mutual. see you at the awards show. #ytma
@johakirys @melissa_235 you can watch the entire #ytma show on
@xirxhc no problem. and don't forget to tune in to the #ytma awards show tonight at 6pm et on
@jncoleman91 it's true, awards shows are best shared with friends. we're streaming international #ytma shows all day:
@hijabigonemad us too, ayesha. who are you most excited to watch perform tonight? #ytma
@itssimplybria #ytma is already in brazil, but you can watch the seoul show earlier in the live stream:
@maelshafie only a few more hours until the big show. who are you excited to see perform? #ytma
@jen200cool the #ytma awards show starts at 6pm et on
tune in now to see anitta, mc guime and other top acts at the youtube music awards in rio.
@sambam_jdbieber just go to
@xlaidz you can vote right up until the show starts at 6pm et. just go to
@talampard scratch that. the show actually starts at 11pm in the uk. who are you excited to see perform?
@caraloveday you can find all the #ytma action at
@irauhll you can vote right up until the show starts at 6pm et. #ytma
@hausoffrancis @kristenkruger voting ends right when the show starts at 6pm et. share your fav videos from
@_mram_ you can catch the #ytma live show at
@detroitkillinit should have guessed. get ready for a mind-blowing show and we'll see you tonight #ytma
@emily_amal the show starts at 6pm et in nyc. what part are you looking forward to?
lindsey stirling prepares to tackle the unknown at the youtube music awards.
@detroitkillinit yep. you can watch the entire #ytma show on
@oscarpix head over to
@daniasshi you can vote by going to
@exoticroars head over to
@grandedainty just go to
@kennethsayhelo go to
@booybelieber just head over to
@booybelieber just head over to
@mmoaberglund just head over to
@xirxhc hey there. you can vote by going to
@stanofbiebs just check out
@rtls9 eminem will perform during the nyc show which starts at 6pm et. #ytma
[live] get #kpop crazy with sistar and other top acts at seoul's very own youtube music awards.
guess whos performing tomorrow night at the youtube music awards?
our hosts have no idea what they've gotten themselves into. muahahaha #ytma
@mtrox it's always awesome when fans get involved, huh? see you for the show tomorrow, matt. #ytma
@looty81 @bretttheintern hey josh and brett, the #ytma show's at 6pm et tomorrow on
@m4rkthorburn hi, mark. the #ytma show starts at 6pm et tomorrow on
@dianavallec hey, diana. you can catch #ytma at 6pm et tomorrow on
okay, now it feels real. the #ytmas go down tomorrow at 6pm et 
@em__80 aren't we all? whoever wins, it's gonna be good. #ytma
@missjenkins and it's happening tomorrow at 6pm et on
@mtrox gotta do what you gotta do. which part of the show are you most excited for tomorrow?
are you ready for eminem to unleash his lyrical brilliance? watch him perform live tomorrow. #ytma
@em__80 catch the #ytma show on
@lenadunham until 8 years ago, we didn't even know what online video stood for #ytma
@becausejustins go to
@luvbieberforeve just head over to
search youtube for the #ytma performers behind #reflektor to see our new look.
@_chuck_wagon we can hardly contain our excitement. which part of the #ytma show are you looking forward to most?
@erin_burleson the suspense is brutal, huh? which #ytma performances are you looking forward to?
@adam_iverson @alibrustofski who are you most excited to see perform? only 1 more day 'til #ytma
@niamschick hi diana. check out
are you a fan of the #rapgod? then search his name on youtube for something berzerk.
if these guys were to make a music video about the history of youtube, what would you expect to see? don't say cats.
five shows. five countries. one day. follow #ytma across the entire globe.
.@jamaledwards underlines the key role of urban music in british pop culture.
.@mixmag have gone deep into the world of live dj sets and have found some pearls.
be a fly on the wall during the production of some of your favorite music videos.
demi lovato channels the princess from frozen in her new video #letitgo.
intimate encounters with some of todays top music stars.
alright, the fun is over. i'll see you at the #ytma awards. #mmlp2 out on tuesday! - em
before i leave, send me your favorite lines using #mmlp2.  i want to see what everyone thinks on my way to nyc. #ytma  -em
i brought back an old friend for a hidden skit on #mmlp2. be afraid. -em
for the second verse of #themonster, i went on my roof and practiced yodeling all night.  my neighbors are pissed -em  #mmlp2
some fun facts about #mmlp2 - em
testing 1, 2  -em  #ytma
billions of #ytma views displayed in glorious graph form.
stylophone superstar brett domino identifies exciting up-and-coming talents on youtube.
find out what rizzle "lost generation" kicks responds to in music videos.
.@conormaynard has selected the videos that helped make 2013 great for him and his friends.
#kpop supergroup shinee will be rocking the youtube music awards sunday. will you be watching?
who's that our @harto's hanging with? catch hannah's nominee interviews at the #ytma pre-show, sunday 5pm et
watch @lindseystirlings live music video at sundays #ytma. you will never look at a violin the same way. promise.
a little inspiration for halloween procrastinators.
@iam_chriss01 any word on the list that strikes your fancy. and when you're done upload it here:
@kia_motors @kia so amped. and we're itching to cruise around and blast some music in this amazing car. #ytma
their business is scaring people and business is good.
.@miauniverses intense single come walk with me finally gets a music video this sunday at the #ytma: a live one.
@deivid_artpop you bet. and it's going to be absolutely crazy. what's your favorite m.i.a. song? #ytma
@mavslade definitely time to start the party, mavis. which artist are you most excited to see? #ytma
@thisisrhj wow, so thorough. you should challenge your friends to see who gets more right. #ytma
@alex_claim we cannot wait. which performance are you looking forward to, alex? #ytma
@lindseystirling awesome classics mixed with modern hits? lindsey, this playlist is so you. #ytma
not for the faint of heart. happy halloween.
@x360ninja there's just too much awesome. #ytma
@ninareallukenda that's what we like to hear.
@clermonster of course, we don't want you to miss a thing. #ytma
.@tinietempah gets ready for his upcoming #ytma performance with a playlist that will make you shake.
find out what @thesaturdays like in a music video.
@eatyourkimchi can you tell them we say hi? #ytma
@airan59 voting ends this sunday, november 3rd. which means less than four glorious days of voting to go. #ytma
@lindslonadier were still waiting to hear back from the kitten wranglers. #ytma
@passion8btch it's gonna be awesome. what song do you hope he performs? #ytma
@ana_m_medina less than four days away. is it too early to start making popcorn? #ytma
@ninareallukenda that's less than 96 hours of music listening time to prepare. are you ready? #ytma
@jimhull11 hey, james. the show starts at 6:00p est this sunday on
@mr_n_mrslaz730 well, it's not until this sunday at 6:00pm est. but if you know a time traveler you could ask them how it went? #ytma
@clermonster @ladygaga tune in to the live stream at 6:00 est at
@dandydrayton the suspense is brutal. which performance are you looking forward to, daniel? #ytma
@enrique305 this playlist will definitely get your heart pumping. we're already dancing... #ytma
if you could choose any two songs to mash up, which would they be?
justin timberlake gets dragged through the mud in his latest video tko.
american girl meets canadian boy and the rest is music history.
so pikachu and skrillex walk into a bar 
miley and taylor might not be too stoked on these videos.
the sweet, sweet sound of floppy drives and beer bellies.
@lbreiss us too. can you believe it's only 4 days away? #ytma
get ready for the london show of the youtube music awards from @abbeyroad. vote for your winners 
@caroline_hno1 we are...a little bit. okay, a lot. #ytma
@memonioo its gonna be awesome. have you voted for your favorites?
@teacupssaucers weve got hello on repeat. what are you listening to? #ytma
@susannasussu96 we feel your feels...luckily sundays not too far away. who are you pumped to see? #ytma
@popqueen96 we cant wait either. what song are you hoping hell perform? #ytma
@awesomenesstv so much talent in one house...already can't wait for the next episode of #sideeffects.
@gbgbnavi its a live stream and you wont want to miss it.
@hot97 the freestyles...wow. our jaws. on the floor. great playlist. #ytma
how many musicians does it take to bang out a cover of gangnam style? one.
@virginamerica  whoa, now there's a safety video we'd replay... #vxsafetydance
run in fear from pop princess britney spears.
the evolution of queen b from bills, bills, bills to bootylicious and beyond.
@barenakedladies shooting a video while walking and talking about your playlist...that's skill. thanks for sharing. #ytma
do it yourself. go indie 
a little pinspiration for #halloween.
your face is about to melt 
remembering lou reed.
the best blurred lines tributes known to man.
@anaquintero can't believe it's almost here...who are you excited to see? #ytma
@jjonginoid it's a piece of cake. go to
@ninareallukenda we're pumped. who are you most excited to see perform? #ytma
chacha-chacha-chacha-chow. guess who it is.
did anyone check to see if carly got that call?
when little mix says move, you move.
@fafagroundhog you guys used your 60 seconds well. thanks for the awesome playlist. #ytma
time to check your head  beatbox style.
the guys behind the hipster disney princess musical share some inspiration.
@amandapalmer and we're proud to have you up there. thanks for sharing your badass picks. #ytma
whats better: robert de niros wrecking ball cover or morgan freemans rendition of the fox song?
amanda palmers handpicked playlist of badass women who rock.
a collection of #ytma videos that will blow your mind.
prepare yourselves for a ferocious b-boy throwdown from #kpop supergroup topp dogg.
#trending: an upbeat little hard-core dance number from a scorned sound engineer.
@nincharmturtle glad to hear you're pumped for the #ytma. if you haven't already voted:
@itreyray well if you're gonna dress up, go all out, amirite? #ytma
@nincharmturtle we're rocking a new look for the youtube music awards. what do you think? #ytma
@cimorelliband so when you sing along to your favorite songs in the car, do the other drivers just follow you around to listen?  #ytma
hip-hop artist d-pryde shares some of his favorite music videos.
blasting epic road tunes with @cimorelliband.
remixes, covers and parodies that stand on their own--here are your nominees for response of the year. 
have you heard that lorde song about suffering from boils?
@fusetv nothing like live music to get the #ytma party started. thanks, guys.
the world reacts to the evolution of kimye.
take a magic carpet ride through a whole new world of a cappella disney classics.
@dprizzy definitely, you've got us bobbing our heads. thanks for sharing and for generally being awesome. #ytma
these videos set off super infectious music trends. now you decide which will win youtube phenomenon.
introducing the most watched, shared, and loved videos of the year. you decide which will win.
what does the fox say? happy #halloween.
who will win artist of the year at the youtube music awards? its your call. vote now:
hey, reggie watts, how do you vote for stuff at the youtube music awards?
you decide who wins at youtube's first music awards show. vote now 
get yourself under control with calvin harris, alesso and hurts.
only ten days left until #halloween. what kind of ghoulish stuff do you have planned?
dax shepard and kristen bell tie the knot.
paying it forward one hamburger at a time.
how do you make your trick shots more epic? add cats.
a hard and heavy tribute to rihannas stay  from nashville rock band mona.
tegan and sara team up with kurt hugo schneider for an intimate performance of closer.
a dummies guide for becoming justin timberlake.
did you hear the news? mike myers said yeah, baby. and so did every anchor in america.
take a psychedelic trip to inner space with yeasayer.
#trending: beth enters the see-through zone in the season 2 kick-off of "bravest warriors."
welcome to the only zoo on earth with a free-roaming unicorn.
cuz sleeping in the afternoon is wiggity, wiggity, wiggity nap.
an uplifting blast of auto-tuned awesomeness from kid president and the gregory brothers.
feeling that vegas spark with afrojack and spree wilson.
@mbhooker_17 wa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pow. #ytma
justin bieber scales the great wall of china in his new video all that matters.
justin bieber scales the great wall of china in his new video all that matters.
@redbetty23 defnitely. mj set the music video bar really high. #ytma
@russthebus27 you can tell they had a blast making it. is that your favorite "call me maybe" cover? #ytma
@badkidjota great video, how many times have you watched it? #ytma
what is the most epic music video youve ever seen on youtube? the world wants to know. #ytma
rap game ron burgundy, aka mac lethal, spits his way through the news.
are 3-d movies awesome or just old? stan lee chimes in on the debate.
turns out ladies love dudes in pink shirts. who knew?
the world responds to the end of the government #shutdown.
a globe-trotting emcee drops the mic on the multilingual rap game.
these dudes have always been perfect; now theyre also totally extreme.
avril lavigne holds on for dear love in her new video let me go.
she floats in space, she raps and she can rock a beauty pageant like a boss--lets hear it for sandra bullock.
the man of steel may be older than your grandpa, but he still has that superhero swag.
your slimy eel monster is so ugly it has a holiday named in its honor. happy hagfish day, everyone.
fall out boys young blood chronicles continue with another gory adventure.
now and then we think of when this song went viral.
@ian_fry cosigned. though almost any video game theme would be cooler with the @tayzonday treatment.
@elyarfox you're welcome. after all, candy is basically fuel for creating music.
#trending: a 4-year-old dance machine goes ham on "gangnam style."
this ones for the #twfanmily--an emotionally charged new video from the wanted.
a meta mashup of everybody's got somebody but me ft. hunter hayes, jason mraz and a bunch of famous youtube stars.
to the left, to the left ... everything you own in the box to the left.
prepare to bask in the radioactive waters of lake dubstep.
cruising through the neighborhood with james blake and chance the rapper.
a creepy version of #wreckingball from your favorite hobbit hater.
#trending: your favorite aquatic superhero finally gets the respect he deserves.
a soulful and intimate piano cover of drakes hold on were going home.
lindsey stirling takes on dracula in an orchestral version of elements.
bioshock infinite in real life.
finally, a solution for hugging exhaustion.
[live] head to austin for epic performances from kendrick lamar, wilco and more.
answers to why you get goose bumps, hiccups and other weird reactions.
a mega collaboration of no diggity. play on, players.
boy george ponders everlasting awesomeness in his new video king of everything.
florida georgia line laments lost love in their new video stay.
a quick intro to the awesome world of drumming.
celebrating diversity and courage on national coming out day.
profiling malala yousafzai, the 16-year-old activist shot by the taliban.
five cool science experiments with your favorite blue muppet, grover.
#halloween costumes from a guy who helped us get to mars.
a vintage motown tribute to katy perrys #roar.
jimmy fallon entertains the question of the year: what does #thefox say?
nyc is hot on the trail of elusive street artist banksy. have you seen him?
@pbs @pbsideachannel @mikerugnetta awesome, our lobby is looking extra smart today.
@nikinsammy welcome guys. don't get into too much trouble.
a stop-motion ninja battle of epic proportions.
headless men get no respect these days.
@befrisson we like the way you think. high-five.
an electro rap ode to dudes who rock beards and glasses.
meet jedi kitten and his crew of superstar pets.
an uplifting response to imminent doom from '90's alt rockers barenaked ladies.
miley cyrus goes a cappella with jimmy fallon and the roots.
tell us why you love music on youtube and get involved in our first-ever youtube music awards:
eminem celebrates the aggression and innovation of old school hip-hop in berzerk.
if your really stylish friend jumped off a bridge, would you?
#trending: a super elaborate prank leaves a coffee shop terrified.
from bedroom raps to worldwide tours, karmin has come a long way since rocking this chris brown track.
miley cyrus spoofs the government shutdown with a political version of #wecantstop.
a maniacal band-aid bandit urges you to learn first aid.
kurt hugo schneider teams up with sam tsui and kylee for an intimate cover of #wreckingball.
a sick childs wish for a pink lamborghini comes true.
sometimes siri says the darndest things.
a rapid-fire mashup of ripped off songs.
can you do the #mahomie dance?
disney star zendaya gives an intimate acoustic performance of her hit, "bottle you up.
conan obrien gets his sexy ginger on.
finding nemo gets an 8-bit makeover.
a cute dog named lily does her best miley cyrus.
stop-motion awesomeness  in your face.
[live] the league of legends championship series enters its final round.
celebrating 20 years of the mighty morphin power rangers.
get hyped for #halloween with a fast food obsessed skeleton.
an interactive 16-bit tribute to the cult hit that put james franco on the map.
a super dope rap battle between a geek and a nerd.
find out what happens when you throw an iphone in a blender.
how to not be boring.
that terrifying moment when jellyfish invade your power plant.
an a capella beatbox tribute to lordes royals.
an acoustic cover of #roar from tiffany alvord and jon d.
john legend gets steamy with his wife in his new video all of me.
britney spears drops knowledge and gets fancy in her latest video.
@bethlauck broadway or otherwise, cats don't care about the rules.
@jaanikasoom accidentally rickrolling everyone around you. nicely done.
dont you hate it when your earbuds fall out and people catch you listening to _____?
honoring national breast cancer awareness month with a look inside the lives of three survivors.
learning the alphabet with randb legend usher.
#trending: a breath of new life for the always epic wonder woman.
dubstepping back to the #80s with andrew huang.
celebrating the release of justin timberlakes new album with a look back at some of his recent appearances.
an intimate acoustic tribute to miley cyrus.
a super insane blast of cheerleading mayhem to kick your week into high gear.
ongoing coverage of the government shutdown.
@haus0fjordan you decide who wins by sharing your favorite nominees across social media when we announce them on october 17. #ytma
skylar grey gets spooky with travis barker and big sean in her new video back from the dead.
#trending: how to quit your job and make it stick.
a spacey variety video from arcade fire with special guests zach galifianakis, bono, james franco and more.
a collection of indie rock tributes to taylor swift, r. kelly and other pop icons.
cosplaying for good with iron man.
jump in the time machine with @mattybraps for an adventure through pop videos past.
a funky fresh rap jam about the endless possibilities of headgear.
head to vegas and take a shot at the night with the killers.
[live] the crew from grantland breakdown today's big moments from football to the breaking bad finale
what if #breakingbad was an animated series?
what do little kids think about all this social networking business?
a #dubstep adventure through pokemon land with a rock star violinist you might recognize.
[live] day one of #tomorrowworldtv kicks off now with sets from tisto, benny benassi and more.
a look back celebrating 15 years of google.
an epic cover of miley cyrus #wreckingball by indie-pop sister act haim.
its fall. are you ready for the pumpkin spice takeover?
the wild words of kanye west  reimagined by children.
an epic tribute to #breakingbad sung to the tune of lana del reys summertime sadness.
a 3-year-old girl trapped in a grown mans body.
step inside the shoes of a fireman as he saves a kitten from a burning house.
a hypnotic live remix of @walkofftheearths red hands.
sky ferreira has a very dramatic night in her new video youre not the one.
#trending: katy perry roars her way through a high school with tons of pride.
how to conquer your fears with your nose  while sleeping. go science.
tweeting in real life with justin timberlake and jimmy fallon.
#trending: 10 ways to keep your wardrobe looking fresh.
cher lloyd gets flirty with t.i. in her new video i wish.
you know what they say about dessert, right? #yolo.
who needs friends when youve got robots?
if you want to freak out your customers, try eating a couple goldfish.
why fall is for lovers and nine other quirky facts about autumn.
what if #gta5 had been released in 1992?
are magnets made of magic  or is something scientific happening here?
are you guilty of perpetuating any of these fantasy football stereotypes?
musical tributes to this months best song about foxes.
sending a happy birthday shout-out to the boss.
what did the fox say to the grandmother?
mad men with cats and a 16-bit version of downton abbey, it must be #emmy spoof season.
miley cyrus #wecantstop video feels  a little different without the music.
game of thrones star peter dinklage explains why we always do what simon says.
rockin violinist @lindseystirling pays homage to her favorite video game themes.
pearl jam gets intimate and shadowy in their latest video sirens.
introducing the biggest little street-legal car in texas  and the world.
this video might make you realize how much you love guitar solos.
real foxes respond to the question weve all been asking lately.
welcome to tokyo, land of amazing ramen, short escalators, retro gaming and much more.
never play darts with mike tyson. just sayin.
an epic trip through some of yesteryears best video games.
an intensely emotional cover of #wreckingball by @chestersee.
youtube stars join forces to show respect. who taught you to respect others?
dont shed a tear, emo is still here.
celebrate international #talklikeapirateday with a lesson from a lego man.
would you ever want to live in an action flick?
buying smiles for $200 a pop.
sometimes you get so mad you just want to retweet.
the worst moments in life to say umm.
the worst moments in life to say umm.
a look back at miley cyrus relationship with liam hemsworth.
save yourself from brain freezes, toothaches and missed high-fives with these amazing body hacks.
a red convertible explodes in slow motion because why not?
a hilarious review of gta v from none other than @collegehumor.
justin bieber and juicy j join maejor ali for his new video "lolly."
thinking about going to burning man next year? here's a breathtaking preview of what you'll see:
"gotta catch 'em all" gets a remix for pokmon x and y.
cats love destroying paper. now a battle's brewing between the two ...
we bet you'll always win these ten bets ... with the help of science, of course.
this nashville bartender sings a country cover of queen's "somebody to love."
imagine a college halftime show with these amazing desk drumming skills.
who owns the moon? simple question, but a pretty mind-blowing answer.
bask in the sparkling glory of daft punk's full-length video for "lose yourself to dance."
what happens in your brain when you lol.
is this the most intense race ever? half your team climbs the mountain. the other half jumps off it.
anthony bourdain chats with the first all-female palestinian racing team.
from airplanes to presidential speeches ... music breaks out in the most unusual places.
a short film that'll get you right in the feels.
dave matthews and grover get sentimental with a song about feelings.
why stand under a shower head when you can water slide?
[watch now] beyonc and david guetta hit the stage at #rockinrio festival in brazil. 
katy perry's "roar" inspires @chestersee and friends in this a cappella version.
do you or someone you know have facial hair this epic?
want to turn your cat into a comedian? just add a mirror.
cody simpson brings a ukulele to the diner for his new video, "la da dee."
"zero dark thirty" meets "assassin's creed" in this epic gaming parody.
if @justinbieber's correct, she's going to be a star. meet madison beer.
kings of leon slow down and rock robyn's "dancing on my own."
nyc ballet performs a powerful piece at the world trade center.
the cutest dog vs. cat duel you've ever seen.
for their new video, @walkofftheearth goes to the ballet.
arcade fire take a bizarre bobblehead journey in their new video reflektor.
marc anthony invites you to experience life from his view in his new video vivir mi vida.
@gregorybrothers really dig the cover...even ryu couldn't contain his emotions.
a super meta a capella version of acapella by @karminmusic.
a bluegrass cover of #wreckingball by miley cyrus.
gta v meets the sound of music.
the official video for the debut single from @grl featuring a cameo by spice girl mel b.
@gracehelbig congratulations. so awesome, that's 2 million people whose fridays are that much more sexy.
join some of your favorite stars in taking the #talktome pledge for world suicide prevention day.
experience the legend of zelda in the first person.
eddie murphy gets down with snoop lion in his new video red light.
#trending: jimmy kimmel pranks the internet with a fiery twerk session.
the dudes from korn battle the clock in their latest video never never.
ariana grande takes hip-hop to broadway.
the confusing art of writing email.
ellie goulding ponders eternal devotion in her new video how long will i love you.
miley cyrus bares her soul (and a lot more) in her new video #wreckingball.
how do you make your darth vader impression more epic? add a unicycle  then fire.
a few things you may not know about one direction.
a how-to guide for becoming as cool as jennifer lawrence.
an epic edm trip through the world of minecraft.
the new lyric video for coldplays song atlas from the hunger games: catching fire soundtrack.
learn to diss your homies like shakespeare.
an acoustically awesome cover of avril lavignes #rocknroll.
and theyre off. the #americascup finals begin today.
capital cities get animalistic in their new video kangaroo court.
empire of the sun take you on a suburban bike adventure in their new video dna.
the deepest cover of #wecantstop youre going to hear all week.
faith from mirrors edge gets the irl treatment.
@snubbyj that's some serious dedication right there.
#kpop superstar g-dragon goes punk in his latest video crooked.
soundgarden takes you on a supersonic space voyage in their new video halfway there.
a bunch of clones get tubular to daft punk.
how to trick strangers into marriage.
welcome to the jungle. its the official video for @katyperrys #roar.
we know ducks quack and cats meow, but what do foxes say?
[live] mercedes-benz fashion week is finally upon us.
in case you werent able to make it to ultra this year ...
.@sleighbells flex on their adversaries in their new video bitter rivals.
a baby orangutan's first playdate.
107 weird things they say in places you dont live.
@mckennaccaitlin so glad we could introduce you to these guys.
@jehtty right? @scottbradlee and crew nail this cover. #wecantstop
what if miley had released #wecantstop in 1950?
so much nirvana packed into one minute.
have you met any of these annoying golfers?
five trends from this years series of summer festivals.
kicking off the first episode of lil bubs big show with guest star whoopi goldberg.
ten fake movies we wish were real.
pure, unadulterated slow-mo silliness.
congratulations to @therealryanhiga, who just hit 10 million subscribers ... and this lamp. tee hee.
ten ways to enjoy labor day. how will you spend it?
@thefinebros congratulations, guys. one billion views is no small feat, and you deserve each and every single one.
#trending: french alt-rock band phoenix performs at the palace of versailles.
how much do you know about #breakingbad?
twenty-two seconds of pure cute.
fun times with slow-mo at youtube space la.
an important message about sportsmanship  from a giant robot.
[live now] watch beyonce, phoenix, deadmau5 and more perform at jay z's "made in america" music festival.
somebody give these guys a vegemite sandwich.
fans react to the new batman: #batfleck
a 4-year-old battling leukemia sings god bless america at fenway park.
experimental music troupe @cdzamusic battles your favorite youtube videos.
are these the greatest yearbook photos of all time?
did you miss this week's top #trending videos?
henri the cat meets his new babysitter. what a bummer.
christina aguilera releases a special new video for her die-hard fans.
so you think youre a genius, huh?
a psa for youtube stars who dont know when to sign off.
an official youtube guide for your back-to-school needs.
british pop star @conormaynard offers a new anthem for jilted lovers in #rucrazy.
@pewdiepie you mean you've never thrown a party and forgot to invite the guest of honor? no? just us?
is this what the internet was created for?
do you know how to pronounce justin timberlake?
protect your neck  its national bow tie day.
how fast would you run for better tv?
honoring martin luther king jr.s dream on the 50th anniversary of the march on washington.
a honky-tonkin bluegrass cover of seals kiss from a rose.
what if one direction starred in this is us: the musical?
daydreaming with a 10-year-old bmx prodigy.
were all capable of failing; some of us just do it more epic.
old-school gaming meets freerunning in super mario brothers parkour.
#trending: "she keeps me warm," the full version of the chorus from same love.
@boyceavenue congratulations, guys. hoping we'll get to enjoy videos from your world tour, too.
@blacknerd congrats, andre. that's 150,000 people who know a good rant when they hear one.
some helpful tricks to make your dorm experience smoother.
this is why you dont invite llamas to dinner.
daft punk and pharrell williams turn up the glitz in "lose yourself to dance."
take a ride with mans best friend to celebrate national dog day.
the hobbit gets an epic lego makeover.
what if you were the only person you knew without a cellphone?
one directions best song ever sung by the "today" show.
ramen or burger? how about both?
#trending: a powerful reminder that college is awesome.
snoop lion invites you to hang with the fam in his new video #thegoodgood.
what do your grandparents have to say about @justinbieber?
an inspiring short film about fitting inor not.
#dubstep everyday keeps the lameness away.
pearl jam urges us to question hypocrisy in their latest video mind your manners.
#trending this week on youtube.
ben affleck as batman. what do you think?
"clarity by zedd as you've never heard it before.
a video guidebook for travelers heading to greece.
everything youll need to survive your first day of school.
the story of "cinderella" set to the tune of hits by beyonce ... cinderonce.
ricky martin whips the club into a mega frenzy in his new video come with me.
explore north korea with dennis rodman and the harlem globetrotters.
the truth behind the names of your favorite foods.
an indian adaptation of breaking bad.
a diy tribute to your favorite gang of pizza-eating turtles.
gather round kids. its story time with rapper 2 chainz.
@cgpgrey appreciate that ... especially from someone whose videos look as great as yours.
give it up for the hottest song of the summer, #blurredlines.
an intimate piano rendition of fall out boys young volcanoes. (via @tiffanyalvord).
#trending: a capella quintet @ptxofficial pay homage to macklemore and ryan lewis.
#kpop stars exo are back with a new take on their recent hit growl.
a hardcore trip through the many genres of metal.
a hardcore trip through the many genres of metal.
#trending: a creepy trailer for a mysterious new project by j.j. abrams.
introducing the newest member of the obama household, sunny the dog.
new ways to search and play. watch while you keep exploring with the latest youtube app:
wishing demi lovato a happy 21st birthday.
@fullscreen we've come such a long way since then... have you seen the first video uploaded to youtube?
this is what jennifer aniston's like in an awkward interview.
how do you control the little monsters in your brain?
if you've ever played pickup basketball, you know someone like this.
put your hands up for the official video of lady gaga's brand new single, "applause."
@branandsav #1 looks good on you, awesome job.
youtube stars react to @onedirections #bestsongever.
if you do any of these embarrassing things, you might be human.
get pumped for wwe #summerslam and relive can't-miss moments from the past 25 years.
[live] robin thicke and jason derulo rock the stage. the show ends 11:30pm pt so tune in now and don't miss a thing.
#trending: an epic real-life reenactment of the chicken fight from family guy.
hey there, can you open this bottle for us? hahaha 
are you as good at #boyding as the lead singer of new politics.
a diy remake of a classic scene from kick-ass.
an upcoming biopic about another computer genius.
.@pewdiepie gets a visit from @smosh to celebrate being the most subscribed youtube channel. brofists all around.
how much would it cost to maintain batmans lifestyle?
has success changed jeremy lin? his friends seem to think so.
sending happy birthday wishes to the "queen of pop, madonna.
youtube beauty guru @michellephan launches her own cosmetics brand. introducing em michelle phan.
#trending: is this the most epic bar mitzvah entrance ever?
14 ideas that might make the world a little better.
is your schools mascot as weird as any of these?
if the internet could talk, would it say "meow"?
what if advertisers were honest?
the downward dog, literally.
heres what you were jamming out to back in 2003:
@kkeegan00 @yogscast definitely, can't wait to see what happens next.
@hartride4 we're with you. what was your favorite part of #geekweek?
@baracksdubs no problem, awesome video.
go on a stomach-churning adventure down the most dangerous roads anywhere.
youve seen mj dunk at 50; now watch another living legend dunk at 63.
kelly clarkson celebrates the virtues of marriage in her new video tie it up.
a pro trials biker takes his game to the moon.
#trending: an unflinching young woman forces strangers into a staring contest.
mc obama covers demi lovatos made in the usa. 
hide the kids. @fwong's milkman is back and he looks quite sickly.
country music artist miranda lambert celebrates diversity in her new video all kinds of kinds.
this one is for the lefties out there. happy left-handers day:
get ready to lose yourself to daft signz.
an insanely complex cover from the musicians who brought you 5 peeps 1 guitar.
#trending: the discovery of a bun in the oven results in cries of joy.
a collection of homages and tributes to #breakingbad.
the first single from @ladygaga's new album just dropped. who's excited for the music video?
#trending: werner herzog's 30-minute don't-text-and-drive psa:
#hyperloop creator elon musk unveiled his alpha design today. and what is the hyperloop you ask 
the wanted boys take over a pub in their new video #weownthenight.
a dose of inspiration to help you kick your week off right:
that awesome day when superheroes took over youtube.
making you smarter one video at a time. thats what brainiac day was all about.
how the gamers handled #geekweek on youtube.
get caught up on some of the most awesome videos #geekweek has to offer.
a collection of epic videos from youtube superstar @fwong.
have you been collecting your #geekweek badges? rt if you've collected more than 10.
a collection of blockbuster videos youll only find on youtube.
take a trip to japan with the geeks of @sourcefed.
were honored to be part of @sundancefests #nextweekend, exclusively featuring youtube videos:
a glitchy mashup of highlights from @geekandsundry.
the creators of pac-man: the musical present a new action film starring your favorite gaming heroes.
a pbs playlist analyzing some of the most hardcore fan cultures on earth 
sending a big fan friday shout-out to our 10 million subscribers. thanks for all the love.
an epic water balloon fight between the slow mo guys and freddie wongs army of aqua soldiers.
[live] watch kings of leon perform through a 360 degree camera you can control to see all angles.
@izaakcoles @simonhoneydew i'm sure he'd love that, so long as you steer clear of jumping puzzles. #geekweek
@brendishome thanks, brendan. what's your favorite video so far? #geekweek
a rundown of todays #geekweek awesomeness from youtube geek queen @feliciaday.
@nekothenyan check out our hints here:
the final easter egg: love ponies? search for them on youtube and youll soon be smiling.
which superhero has the fastest car? #geekweek
listen up, kids. this singing cartoon game boy has something to say about new consoles.
m.c. escher meets "donkey kong."
how much do you know about league of legends?
comic legend @therealstanlee goes on an 8-bit journey through all your favorite video games.
how many #geekweek badges have you collected? look in the top right corner to find out 
thanks for joining us, everyone. keep geeking out over gaming videos all day with #geekweek 
@alexderkinderen yeah, can you imagine how cute pikachu would be in real life?
@mr_peibol gaming is definitely a great way to meet awesome people. #geekweek
@richardmcthekey hope you're healthy, happy, and playing video games, richard. #geekweek
video games mean happiness and community, and your favorite youtube gamers agree. 
@bananabreezy123 so glad to hear that we could help you share your love of gaming with others. #geekweek
@qurzpraynz that's really amazing, your english is perfect. what mpg do you play? #geekweek
@kivorktv and you can go to those villages and smash the pots.
@alexiseunice then keep an eye out for the "enter dance mode."
it seems a bunch of you would rather live in minecraft. here are some of our favorite options 
@zeno36672 that would be amazing, just beware of portals to the nether.
@pbsideachannel yeah, we'll allow it...because it's awesome. #geekweek
third question: if you could live in any video game, which would it be? #geekweek
special powers are one thing, but our advice? its dangerous to go alone. take this 
@shovaughnistic you could #hadouken in real life like this.
@cynthiaxsarkis nice one. epic fireball:
second question: what special video game power do you wish you could have in real life? #geekweek
@mindifijoinyou send us a link to a video of your favorite song from the soundtrack. #geekweek
@harry579harry oh yeah, which of the themes did you favor?
@haveyoumetdev totally:
@kingblkdrgn can't go wrong with this classic.
@basilllius good one. have you seen this awesome retro take on halo?
@8bitjunkie definitely, guile's theme is particularly epic.
@shovaughnistic we agree, you might like this fun spin on it.
@cockneycharmer yes, have you seen this take on the theme for final fantasy x?
@geekandsundry we're a fan of the classics and luigi seems like our kind of guy. #geekweek
@slwoh we never stopped. #geekweek #gamingthursday
get ready, gamers. in just 30 minutes we'll chat with you about gaming on youtube. join using #geekweek.
an epic irl battle starring a bunch of famous youtube gamers and cosplayers. recognize anyone?
@yogscastlewis thanks for creating awesome videos. look forward to seeing where your motley crew ends up on the yogsquest.
@coyoteinthehat hey there. please follow and dm us, we'd like to chat.
@librosantiago hey, we'd like to to follow and dm us so we can get in touch.
@juniorrwx hey there, could you follow and dm us? we'd like to chat.
@kidd_alex1 hey, could you follow and dm? we'd like to get in touch.
guinness gaming records live from 5pm bst - there can only be one winner #geekweek
watch robots battle it out for #geekweek
now #trending: theres a new superhero in town, but is he a savior or a menace?
@geekandsundry seriously, we better stop playing video games and get ready...after one more level...#geekweek
@lilypopli the internet wouldn't be able to handle all the awesome. glad you're enjoying it though, favorite #geekweek video so far?
@thomas_lally thanks, what's your favorite #geekweek video so far?
@nerdistchannel thanks guys. hope to see you there, too. #geekweek
a collection of superhero videos from some of the most dedicated fans on youtube.
@subthegamer hey, follow back and dm? we'd like to get in touch.
@nerderific hey, could you follow and dm? we'd like to get in touch.
super wednesday highlights with matt mira from @nerdistchannel.
retweet this epic rock anthem to show your geek pride.
how to twerk it like #thor.
easter egg #5: see the button below each video? it packs a punch. dare you to click it --&gt;
a special #geekweek sing-a-long for tiny superheroes.
gamers, mark your calendars. tomorrow at 1pm pt/4pm et, we'll chat about your favorite video games as part of #geekweek.
all the avengers really care about is showing off.
will terry's trio be able to stop evil dr. broox? #geekweek
could the crazy stuff you see in sci-fi movies happen in real life?
if you laugh at any of these jokes, you might be a brainiac.
a rundown of the top brainiac day videos from @veritasiums derek muller.
[live] celebrating #1yearonmars with nasas mohawk guy.
@numberphile @pbsds @comaniddy @pbs math and puns, what's not to love? #geekweek
geekiest rap video you've ever seen?
[live] the man behind diet coke and mentos geysers unveils secrets to more cool tricks.
10 reasons to love science from rock star astrophysicist @neiltyson.
@ba_smith impressive. good luck @no_ones_hero, the bar is set pretty high. #geekweek
@leolarootsalad so awesome. great score. are you enjoying #geekweek?
@nintendodemon you've definitely got some geek cred, nicely done. #geekweek
@mindinthestars your geek instincts served you well, that's an awesome score. #geekweek
one geek to rule them all. take our geek iq quiz and find out if that's you.
@int_channel @veritasium the same exact thing. what are the odds? #geekweek
@pbsds @comaniddy @pbs fact: jokes are 76% more awesome when they are about science. #geekweek
@gentlecolt nice. can't wait for you to see what we've got planned later on during #geekweek.
this film sucks. #geekweek
watch the science behind a 10m dive into 60,000 plastic balls. #geekweek
a rundown of todays #geekweek videos from yomyomfs chester see.
@therealstanlee @slwoh it'll be tough to top creating the marvel universe, that's for sure. #geekweek #geekierthanyou
a collection of some of the best animation from artists around the world.
@centerofmath thanks, plenty of more fun easter eggs to come. #geekweek #centerofmath
@sauniks happy birthday. doing anything awesome? (besides watching #geekweek videos?)
@ashcroftlaurie definitely love @kickthepj and @yogscast, and #geekweek is just getting started.
stark family tree visualized ... for all you "game of thrones" geeks out there.
a special anime tribute to "doctor who" for global geekery day.
.@therealryanhiga kicks off global geekery day with an epic tribute to anime classic naruto.
@ashcroftlaurie awesome. do you have a favorite video so far from #geekweek?
@sortedfood congratulations. 400,000 people have very good taste.
step inside the doctor who tardis for a new music video by @thatalexday for #geekweek
today on #geekweek news: interactive adventures, awkward lightsaber fights and more.
#geekweek is upon us. sing along, kids.
how to make your own blockbuster for under $100.
@elvmagico awesome. which segment was your favorite? #geekweek
@poohbrlvr stick with us all week for awesome new videos from your favorite geeky channels. pretty simple.
@youtubeislifeee not quite, but we like where your head is at. less about gaming and more star wars. #geekweek
a forgetful jedi has an awkward encounter with his nemesis.
how will young skywalker defeat the empire? search on youtube. rewarded, you will be. #geekweek
hijol, scotty! #geekweek
dopo mee gusha, peedunky? kyotopa youtube. boska "use the force, luke." bargon u noa-a-uyat. #geekweek
@willkennerley get ready to get pulled into a wormhole of geeky videos. #geekweek
@marlamagnum which side were you rooting for, star wars or star trek? #geekweek
freddie wong kicks off #geekweek with a bad date of epic proportions.
@hillywoodshow not a bad way to spend an afternoon #geekweek #geekierthanyou
@gingerkid343 you can find #geekweek videos on our channel:
.@thetomska is on the battlefield with some fallen comrades for #geekweek
who wins when "star wars" battles "star trek"? #geekweek
whos ready for the return of daria?
ellie gouldings about to rock the stage. ready for the lights to call you home?
a giant polaroid camera captures the joy of passersby.
want to be part of a new youtube project? just say hi to spike.
@gingerkid343 less than 24 hours until we get geeky...well, geekier. #geekweek
@imsuziebrooo it'll be worth it. what do you geek out about? #geekweek
@sarahjeagen cool idea for a series. did you know that there'll be new videos on harry potter as part of #geekweek tomorrow? #geekierthanyou
what if #thewolverine was a woody allen film?
a stop-motion etch a sketch doodle to get you caught up on #breakingbad.
@nerdsanctum are any of them fictional languages? #geekierthanyou
@dingelle a million times? but then how do you have time to watch the films? #geekierthanyou
an impromptu medley dedicated to @jtimberlake.
@oliviafrescura color us impressed. how long did this take you? #geekierthanyou
@mightiemik oh then you're going to love #geekweek
@kevinjohnshazzy how did you manage to make this without blinking? #geekierthanyou
[live] the #lollapalooza live stream starts now. tune in to catch nine inch nails, the killers and more.
@atolentino it's amazing. did he zerg rush that cake? hope we see you both at #geekweek's gaming day thursday. #geekierthanyou
@the_sneakyzebra geeky "rock, paper, scissors"...lightsaber, thor's hammer, death star. #geekierthanyou #geekweek
@jiaonnyj yeah? so tell us what you geek out about using #geekierthanyou.
is this guy #geekierthanyou? mt @thedoctorpuppet: i turned my apartment into a studio. then i made doctor puppet. 
we're still searching for the biggest geeks out there. use #geekierthanyou to show your stuff.
south korean-chinese boy band #exo gets gritty in their new video growl.
@greenskull honestly, we think that just gives you more geek cred. #geekierthanyou hope you're excited for #geekweek
@greenskull very geeky, but are they mint condition? #geekierthanyou
@semperfried76 sounds good to us. care for a companion? #geekierthanyou
@asherahkendall seems to us like your dad is #geekierthanyou. is geekiness genetic?
@squideatsquid @nerdist please tell us that friends cosplaying as blanche, rose and sophia are just out of frame. #geekweek #geekierthanyou
in a galaxy far, far away  robin thickes #blurredlines looks a little different.
analyzing the plausibility of a #sharknado with @scishow.
can you out-cosplay this hero? rt: @earthunplugged dressing up as a superhero in the office: #geekierthanyou
@kikiimirantitw well in that case you can't miss blockbuster sunday. you'd love that day, too. #geekweek, #geekierthanyou
@jemconnects very cool. make sure you don't miss #geekweek on monday. tons of awesome #doctorwho videos.
@semperfried76 if only we could get our hands on a tardis... #geekierthanyou
@paigeewing caught our attention, what kind of topics do you cover? #geekierthanyou ? #geekweek
is she #geekierthanyou? mt @thesmoshcharlie: i have all these plus a signed drawing of the butter lettuce unicorn
@mrryanshannon have you read them all? that would be truly geeky. #geekierthanyou
@tisiyave woah, how long did that take you? because you could probably pull it off in a day if you had a time machine. #geekierthanyou
@funimation that's definitely geeky...but you know what'd be geekier? pics. we gotta see these statues. #geekierthanyou
@nerdistchannel so much great geeky stuff so far. care to show 'em how it's done? #geekweek #geekierthanyou
brightest drawers in the world. can anyone top that?  rt @gljimmy: i'm currently wearing green lantern underwear. #geekierthanyou
@qmoodo own it. what class and race do you play? #geekierthanyou
@kira_lister sounds like a pretty perfect day to us. enjoy it. #geekierthanyou
@chronicgalaxy not for that long. we're more about watching gaming videos, can't help it. #geekierthanyou
@delicateaccents you're so on it. the doctor would be proud. #geekierthanyou #geekweek
@paradisedecay agreed, it's the combo that makes it so awesomely geeky. #geekierthanyou #geekweek
@kira_lister happy birthday a few days early. what are you doing for your big day, besides watching #geekweek videos? #geekierthanyou
@gamingfelix got a favorite? #geekierthanyou
@chronicgalaxy what's the longest single gaming session you've ever played? #geekierthanyou
@lukefhayden that's pretty geeky. we hope you're keeping an eye on
@jedimike1128 what was he like? #geekierthanyou
@delicateaccents he must love them. what do you think of a matching set that says: wibbly, wobbly, timey, and wimey? #geekierthanyou
@paradisedecay amazing. which part do you think makes it more geeky: minecraft or star wars? #geekierthanyou
edm superstar @avicii takes you on a surreal farmland adventure in his new video wake me up.
youtube's beauty gurus share their most secret beauty tips:
@aneekae that's pretty geeky. how long have you had that tattoo? #geekierthanyou
@nerdistchannel only a few days away, things are definitely about to heat up. #geekweek
@mathewsonaubrey well it looks awesome, great job.
@mathewsonaubrey so cool, how long did that take you?
@veritasium you look so important...as though you own many leather-bound books and your apartment smells of rich mahogany.
a love song dedicated to your favorite superhero with a suit of iron.
@thesmoshcharlie truth. @cartoonhangover is amazing. that's why we're so pumped that they're part of #geekweek.
@jncoleman91 hah, you are so right. we're jealous. #geekierthanyou
@cat_jensen lookin' sharp. what will you geek out over at vidcon? #geekierthanyou
@mrsannadawson sounds like the perfect training regimen. who are you most excited to see?
@thesmoshcharlie what's your favorite episode?
@stephaniejones5 you could have harry on another blade chasing it around. #geekierthanyou
@jncoleman91 is it bigger on the inside? #geekierthanyou
@andrewnoffke and update twitter. way to multitask.
@andrewnoffke so you're saying we helped you be productive? we need to spread the word.
@gljimmy that might be tmi...but yeah, it's definitely geeky.
@thesmoshcharlie amazing. you must be all over the cartoon hangover channel, yeah?
superman and batman discuss the title of their new movie.
a prank thatll make your heart swell with compassion.
@yomyomfnetwork @chestersee we know where we're getting our news from now on...is that one clock on mars time?
soak in the visceral awesomeness of first-time experiences caught on video.
how to get a boyfriend with youtube songstress and makeup guru @mirandasings.
behind the scenes of @onedirections video for #bestsongever.
this new nick cannon video is for sexy people only. click at your own risk 
@simplesongs congrats on reaching such an amazing milestone.
keith urban steps into "the truman show in his new video little bit of everything.
if you habitually break any of these rules, you might be  annoying.
a live performance of #yolo by the ambassadors of apprehension, @thelonelyisland.
@blackboxtv i see at least four reasons why this video will be awesome.
what would older people think of all the crazy meat shenanigans on @epicmealtime?
franz ferdinand get lo-fi and freaky in their latest video love illumination.
chester see, toby turner and friends set the club on fire in whistle while i work it.
fiona apple experiments with complex self harmony in her new video hot knife.
this cab drivers gps has crazy attitude.
a super geeky 8-bit tribute to the lord of the rings.
bustin geeky moves with the cosplayers of comic-con.
@joncozart really awesome remix, jon. can't wait to see how you plan to top this one.
have these wild and crazy guys figured out what women want?
a sneak peek at what to expect when #geekweek kicks off on august 4.
season 2 of #geekweek star @fwongs #videogamehighschool starts now.
youtube rapper and comedian @traphik drops his new video airplanes and terminals.
we dig the license plate. mt @mattybraps: my first girlfriend - official music video!  rt if you like it!  :) 
a collection of videos celebrating the real life moments from carrie underwoods see you again.
@addatwork liking the reviews of free games on your channel. can't wait to see your next video.
@alireitemeier you're so close. maybe you should conduct a youtube search?
@psy_oppa awesome. we can't wait.
@nerdistchannel awesome. can't wait to geek out: @fwong @yomyomf @veritasium @slwoh @machinima_com @polaristweets @geekandsundry #geekweek
@caroline_hno1 definitely can't forget those guys. this list is full of awesome.
crack the code to go retro: 53 65 61 72 63 68 20 59 6f 75 54 75 62 65 20 66 6f 72 20 2f 20 67 65 65 6b 77 65 65 6b #geekweek
@yomyomf @yomyomfnetwork it's almost time to get our geek on...more than we usually do.
@knightmare_citv epic. we spy some familiar faces.
@anguyen44 we're with you. got a favorite geeky channel?
@theboxmanlily hah, well as long as you wake up in time for #geekweek.
@morgan_swain awesome, you don't want to miss it.
@addatwork hah. do you have a favorite geeky channel?
@fatjacko @mavslade awesome idea, we beat you by *just* a bit though.
get ready for #geekweek, an epic nod to geek culture with new videos from 100+ of your favorite channels.
singer-songwriter bonnie mckee goes on a hollywood rampage in her new video american girl.
former potus bill clinton gets down to robin thickes #blurredlines.
a roundup of what you mightve missed at comic-con, with a giant robot, tons of cosplayers and more.
kermit the frog and miss piggy welcome the #royalbaby.
a hip-hop journey through the world of minecraft.
the most epic song about texting youre going to hear all week.
@therealryanhiga happy anniversary, sweetheart. no seven-year itch for us.
the boy-band heroes of @onedirection go hollywood in best song ever.
a tribute to reckless sunbathers sung to the tune of robin thickes blurred lines.
[live] the royal baby has arrived ... and its a boy!
celebrating a very special birthday with @selenagomez.
excitement builds as the duchess of cambridge is in labor at st. mary's hospital in central london.
inna and daddy yankee party beachside in their new video more than friends.
a super dedicated football fan runs his way to glory.
the jonas brothers head to sin city in their new video first time.
youtube stars share their thoughts on #kpop.
not all pranks are designed to irritate or scare people.
"wolverine: the musical" starring hugh jackman the puppet.
.@ajrafael takes it to the skies in his latest video #jetsetter.
drop the zero and head to the carnival with #xfactorusas fifth harmony.
@theboxmanlily @danisnotonfire @amazingphil great picks. they're awesome.
@theboxmanlily we know the feeling. what channel are you into to right now?
@atinyadventure absolutely. the opening of the bromance videos = cheesy goodness. can't wait to see what you guys make next.
@yomyomf you guys look great. peace.
@dtrus11 sure, but do you want to take a guess first?
calling all geeks! fill out this form for your chance to participate in a unique opportunity 
"trayvon martin could have been me 35 years ago." president obama
a summertime volleyball session with pro beach player kerri walsh jennings and her unlikely new partner.
follow the yellow brick road with a-cappella friends @ptxofficial.
robot deactivated. this is all we found in its hard drive:
program: #sdcc youtube overwrite;

robot.update(good);

robot.tweet(i am #goodrobot. rainbows! cats!);

end//
@imandyhamilton program: reply;  

robot.tweet("seems so.");

 end
@hyper_tech_llc program: reply;

robot.eyebrowraise;

robot.tweet("nice try.");

end
@itmaybekatie 
program: reply idk man

robot.wave();  

robot.tweet("sdcc takeover is imminent. buckle your safety belt."); 

end
@itmaybekatie your command does not compute
program: #sdcc youtube overwrite; 

robot.init(api_twitter);

robot.tweet("hello, world");

robot.wink();

end
@lucasjo21682780 he looks mad, doesn't he?
@itmaybekatie yeah, we don't like the way he's looking at us.
guys, i think were in trouble. its not cosplaying. #sdcc can you locate...
we're getting reports of an unexpected presence lurking around comic-con today. #sdcc
a tribute to #pacificrim from some youtube gamers youll probably recognize.
would this #manofsteel ending have been better than the original?
you are an unbelievably unique creature. heres the proof 
the long-awaited video for @ddlovatos #madeintheusa.
the boys from shinee head back to school in their latest video green rain.
a collection of the top 10 #kpop videos that made waves after gangnam style hit 
rising u.k. pop star little nikki says put your hands up high. done.
human-controlled robots straight out of #pacificrim 
.@karminmusic get colorful and dancey in the official video for their latest hit acapella.
south korean-chinese boy band exo get their "street fighter" on in their new video wolf.
@chelsea_briggs awesome, that sounds perfect.
@laovejamorada yeah, it's pretty much our favorite number.
@psys_sister @psy_oppa and america said, "let's dance."
@southypete well now you're just flattering us.
are you familiar with any of these handshakes? then you might be #awkward.
@mysteryguitarm congratulations and happy peanuts. hope you celebrate by singing a song of satisfaction to the world.
one year. 1.74 billion views and counting. happy anniversary to @psy_oppas gangnam style.
a flawless cup song session in one smooth take.
take a long drive under the big #blueskies with country rocker uncle kracker.
get ready to party hard with the fresh prince of seoul, jay park.
mr. worldwide, aka @pitbull, gets exotic with bollywood superstar priyanka chopra.
what would your grandparents say about all the #twerking weve been seeing lately?
will one of these girls be the next beyonce?
mario and nicki minaj mourn for the one who got away in somebody else.
a musical bounce through the city with hardcore pogo-stick crew #xpogo.
a brief and mysterious (but very important) message from @jtimberlake.
is there room in #pacificrim for a robot like wall-e?
britney spears and her children get smurfy in the video for ooh la la from the #smurfs2 soundtrack.
@charlizzle thanks, charlene. it was a blast.
@aguywithnolife awesome.
#courseoftheforce has arrived at youtube. we feel like one in a million, kid.
@coolstoryjon great job on the miley cover, jon. can't wait to see what's next. follow back?
@googlemaps @courseotheforce it's not wise to upset a wookiee. he does look a lot smaller in person though.
@courseotheforce beautiful. that r2-d2 is in prime condition. #courseoftheforce
how well do you know rising pop star @austinmahone?
the force is almost with us. #courseoftheforce
an intimate acoustic cover of #wecantstop by the one-and-only @msrebeccablack.
franz ferdinand get the retro design treatment in the new video for right action.
an aspiring dance machine goes from ok to awesome in only one year.
robin thicke gives an intimate live performance of blurred lines.
wedding proposals are way cooler when zach braff gets involved.
a really smelly parody of daft punks get lucky.
a collection of videos chronicling the comic-con-bound lightsaber relay known as #courseoftheforce.
a parody of miley cyrus twerked-out video for #wecantstop.
mikky ekko heads to the desert for a game of futuristic pinball in kids.
head to detroit for the answer to the age-old question: what is techno?
mumford and sons jam out in an abandoned train station in their new video babel.
what if don draper from mad men was a cat?
the war between ps4 and xbox one rages on  in song.
victims in the ohio kidnapping case speak out for the first time.
falling in love with #kpop girl group 2ne1.
cold war kids get shadowy and mysterious in their new video lost that easy.
your ticket to a burning hot outdoor dance party with pop star ellie goulding. 
get ready for a #summerfling with willow smith of melodic chaotic.
an impromptu blurred lines jam session with @cdzamusic.
25 things you should never say, including this gem: if you snort mayonnaise, its less calories.
its summer. time to get wet.
picking up girls with @onedirection lyrics.
a diy trip down the #starwars death star trench with chris hardwick from @nerdistchannel.
welcome to @dudeperfect trick shots, nfl edition.
a pack of dogs gets super swanky in the club in the latest video from mayer hawthorne.
ever wonder whats inside a hot dog? click at your own risk 
a tribute to dead #gameofthrones characters sung to the tune of gotyes somebody that i used to know.
just in time for #independenceday, here are 50 great things about the u.s. of a.
a lesson on being cool from phoenix.
baby-sitting the minions from #despicableme2 is no easy task.
selena gomez thanks her supporters for helping "come and get it" reach #1.
doing it a capella and acoustic with @karminmusic.
a collection of bbq tips to make sure your independence day party is packed with awesome.
finding true love through anger with @pink.
a new anthem for those caught up in the gold rush from clinton sparks, 2 chainz, macklemore and friends.
old #starwars footage introducing boba fett for the very first time.
something's off about will ferrell and natalie portman in this creepy video.
mickey and minnies yodeling duet is threatened by disaster in this retro short from @disney.
think celebrities dont read all the crazy things people tweet at them? think again.
snoop lion takes a tropical vacation with rita ora in torn apart.
@awesomenesstv we're so proud of our youtubers. congrats and good luck tonight.
steve carell has his eyes on the number two position in kid presidents house of awesome.
overly attached girlfriend makes a perfect sandwich for a perfect man.
orlando bloom gets his viral meme on during his last day of filming for the hobbit.
impersonating youtubers with @shanedawson and @gracehelbig.
how to make your very own video-game-controller cookies.
celebrating pride with a collection of videos from lgbt youtubers were #proudtolove.
bonnie mckee enlists the help of katy perry, ke$ha, kiss and others in her new video american girl.
@jakebley really beautiful message, jake. thank you for sharing what you're #proudtolove
@rupaulsdragrace shantay, you stay. we're #proudtolove your talented queens.
@soundlyawake awesome video, nicola. happy #pride and thanks for sharing what you're #proudtolove.
a collection of videos in honor of pride from a community were very #proudtolove 
@tyleroakley thanks so much, tyler. we're #proudtolove your channel.
watch your feet! @paramores anklebiters are right behind you.
@nerdistchannel thanks for sharing, we're #proudtolove all those guys. cc: @georgetakei @harto @actuallynph
aaron paul from breaking bad stars in weird: the al yankovic story.
@rubinreport @alecmapa @harto @breeessrig @gaypimp @whitneymixterla loved hearing why you're #proudtolove.
is this how fast and furious 6 should have ended?
americas got zombie-obsessed 6-year-old metal monsters in cute outfits.
street-fighting cats hang out with obama and a globe-trotting juggler. its our weekly list of trending videos.
@carriehfletcher so do you. thanks for sharing, carrie. #proudtolove
sharing a house with a mario brother seems cool at first, but oh man does it get annoying.
@krissykrissy1 thank you for sharing, krissy. #proudtolove
@lohanthony so proud to have you in the video, anthony. thanks for sharing with your awesome fans. #proudtolove
@georgetakei thanks for sharing, george. your cameo is perfection.
street dreamin in the sweet summer heat with kendrick lamar and bridget kelly.
@shanebitney @raymondbraun thank you for sharing your beautiful and moving story with us. #proudtolove
party all night with mr. 305, david rush and pitbull.
tony hawk takes his first skateboard for one last ride before sending it off to the smithsonian.
@cher thanks for sharing. the clip with you and chaz is especially touching.
[live] robin thicke visits youtube space la to hang out with jenna marbles and perform his hits.
@trevorproject thank you for spreading the love. #proudtolove
a stop-motion urban adventure with living legends the grouch and eligh.
@78violet @raymondbraun thanks so much for sharing, ladies. #proudtolove
@jellyandday1 words to live by.
@coraltv wonderful video, ladies. thank you so much for sharing who you're #proudtolove.
the six sisters of @cimorelliband sing a song of praise for the country they call home.
@gregorygorgeous thanks for being you, gregory. #proudtolove.
@harto we love you more than we love cheese, hannah. and that's a lot.
were #proudtolove the youtube community. retweet to show your pride.
@olgakay thanks for spreading the love about #proudtolove, olga.
@milesjai flawless list, miles j. didn't expect anything less. #proudtolove
@jordanbach incredibly thoughtful and touching, jordan. thank you for this video #proudtolove
@davidlevitz thanks for your #proudtolove video, david. looking forward to seeing your name in lights.
@johneepixels7 your sister is amazing. #proudtolove
@booshoe37 incredibly touching story, matthew. thank you so much for sharing. #proudtolove
@oliviahas2moms olivia is very lucky girl. thanks for the video. #proudtolove
@arielleishammin spittin' the truth, arielle. #proudtolove
snoop dogg goes full throttle with racing snails in let the bass go from the movie turbo.
@ashleymardell we love this video, ashley. so happy to have you participate in #proudtolove.
@joshrimer so great to hear your story, josh. oh, and happy birthday.
in honor of todays decision, upload a video telling us who youre proud to love using #proudtolove.
@spandyandy we're feeling the love, spandy andy. #proudtolove
a monumental day for marriage equality: the supreme court decides on #prop8 and #doma.
@davidcollict great video, david. can't wait to see the responses. #proudtolove
m.i.a. spits teeth and gets the party hyped in her new video bring the noize.
tea time with maru the cat.
presenting the premiere episode of #angrybirdstoons.
demi lovato sings made in the usa to a small room of fans in london.
#kpop crew girls day elects a female president.
@koreykuhl hey, korey. we'd like to get in touch. could you please follow and dm?
@ashleymardell hey, ashley. we'd like to get in touch. could you follow and dm?
an intimate rooftop jam session with the yeah yeah yeahs.
guess which iconic yellow snack cake is prepping for a comeback.
[live] action, commentary, features and interviews from the @wimbledon championships.
meowdouken! its cat fighter time.
an epic dance video from trauma-techno-pop outfit urbangarde.
a brief history of #hadouken.
a psychedelic journey to the laundromat with the @postalservice.
[live meow] heres your invite to the most adorable birthday party the internet has ever seen.
living with roommates? this one's for you.
happy #firstdayofsummer. retweet this anthem to spread good solstice vibes.
dont blame us if this collection of top-trending videos makes you wanna twerk or crush candy.
pro surfer john john florence performs a perfect air in bali. wow.
#gameofthrones starring michael cera and zooey deschanel.
welcome to the future of #gangnamstyle.
a supergroup of gamer geeks sings a song of praise for world of @warcraft.
gather round your kinfolk and homies for a farmland version of the fresh prince of bel-air theme song.
retweet the ever-epic cant hold us video to help wish @macklemore a happy birthday.
boo ya! its a hip-hop ode to things that start with the letter b.
the force is strong with this #starwars fan, but all he cares about is messing with elevators.
guess who came to visit @codysimpson when the #paradisetour hit l.a.
@annievinovets @mileycyrus nicely done.
miley cyrus just dropped her latest video and we cant stop #twerking.
sending high-fives to @rihanna for rising to the top of youtubes most-watched-artists list.
get hyped for the club with these remixes of selena gomezs come and get it.
a romantic prancercise session set to the tune of john mayers paper doll.
an auto-tuned thank you letter from @erbofhistory to their 6 million subscribers.
a playlist of videos celebrating the release of kanye wests new album yeezus.
welcome to taiwans first ever longboard festival.
teens react to the latest hunger games trailer.
go on an epic man-venture with youtube superhero @tobyturner.
where will you be on #goskateboardingday?
daddy yankee teams up with spanish pop star natalia jimenez in the video for noche de los dos.
alicia keys plays a heartbroken showgirl in her latest video tears always win.
get your soul train groove on with bruno mars latest video treasure.
have you heard the one about bruce lee knocking jackie chan senseless with a stick?
[live] summer bash starts now with appearances by miley cyrus, macklemore, demi lovato and more:
are prank shows getting too formulaic?
move over @angrybirds, @candycrushsaga is taking over the world!
nobody likes a copycat.
an 8-bit version of #startrek you can watch in less than two minutes.
a full-on twitter battle between @justinbieber and tv writer @arthurmeyer13.
jason derulo and tyler ward team up for an acoustic version of the other side.
australian musician @codysimpson starts an epic water balloon fight in the war in western el paso.
@erbofhistory at this rate, we expect nothing less than complete world domination.
a playlist of must-see bands performing at this years @bonnaroo festival.
@erbofhistory congrats, guys. that's huge - your channel has more subscribers than ireland has people.
a blockbuster movie for people addicted to angry birds and candy crush.
is this what humans will look like in 100,000 years?
how exactly does the #manofsteel fly? @therealstanlee doesnt know. do you?
@karminmusic the feeling is mutual.
@thefinebros thanks for spoiling all of our videos.
traveling through musical eras with daft punks get lucky.
[live] @falloutboy performs and answers questions from the @redbull #soundspace at @kroq.
spoiling the month of may with @thefinebros.
youtube darlings @karminmusic do it a capella.
analyzing the rise of grumpy cat.
join @iamwill and @billgates on a mission to get more kids coding.
[live] all aboard the crazy train. its time to hang out with ozzy osbourne and black sabbath.
[playlist] watch the top trailers coming from #e32013
have you ever wondered why pop star alli simpson is single?
kindhearted prankster @stuart_edge puts on a magic show for the homeless.
discussing environmental issues with al gore and other experts.
should you go to college? the debate rages on 
what tv would look like in a @dccomics universe:
a playlist of previews for this years @e3expo in los angeles.
austin mahone dances the pain away in his new video what about love.
carrie underwood honors victims of tragedy in her latest video see you again.
a playlist to celebrate supermodel kate upton's 21st birthday:
lip-sync legend @keenancahill talks about taking on the music world with original songs.
are youtubers revolutionizing the world of entertainment?
ten things you probably never knew about the #manofsteel.
an egg roulette session with british boy band union j.
a totally rad music video featuring epic chase scenes from your favorite #80s flicks.
if you could be ryan gosling for a day, what would you do?
help wish @kanyewest a happy birthday by retweeting this playlist of hits.
these cookies may not look appetizing, but theyll do wonders for your productivity.
@theinternship all hail the king of the interns.
taylor swift, prancercising, base jumps and more. its our weekly roundup of top-trending videos 
enjoy a tribute to daft punk from some youtube musicians you might recognize.
a playlist of skits, interviews and behind-the-scenes videos to get you hyped for the release of #theinternship.
the author of #gameofthrones reacts to fans reacting to the red wedding.
you probably know who andy samberg is, but hed like to spell it out for you anyway.
one direction has tons of fans, but does that mean their music is great?
retweet this playlist to help send happy birthday wishes to youtube funny man @therealryanhiga.
taylor swift and ed sheeran remember the simple joys of childhood in everything has changed.
a cosplay piano tribute to #gameofthrones.
celebrating hard work and good living with the latest from country music duo florida georgia line.
@alphacat @simoncowell you're welcome. great interview.
@rubinreport @steveoh tip: twerking is cool, but now it's all about prancercise:
@niamh_allen thanks, glad you like it.
youre about to get dunked on by rapper froggy fresh. dont go crying now.
the rolling stones and taylor swift team up for an elegant performance of as tears go by.
.@simoncowell sits down for a chat with youtube legend @alphacat.
an infectious new dance version of the hit single loveandgirls from #kpop superstars @girlsgeneration.
patton oswalt puts on his interpretive dance hat in the coups latest video, the magic clap.
what if wikipedia had been invented in 1983?
in case you were stuck in the woods with no internet in late may, heres a mega playlist of lolz from #comedyweek.
superheroes from the justice league travel to brazil to help children fight cancer.
a smooth randb jam for #startrek lovers.
[live] come and get it. @selenagomezs live chat starts now. submit #askselena
@plaid_n_glasses thanks. could you follow and dm us? we'd like to get in touch.
@manishkhimji we like the way you think. could you follow and dm us? we'd like to get in touch.
@sageblessing thanks, jennifer. could you follow and dm us? we'd like to get in touch.
@danimacncheese also, please follow and dm us, we'd like to get in touch!
get lost in translation with taylor swift.
a brother and sister duo pay tribute to rihanna with a soulful acoustic cover of stay.
is this a real haunted house or an elaborate prank?
game of thrones gets starcrafted. 
an epic gymkhana drift battle between a car and a plane.
the 30 most awesome guitar riffs of the 2000s according to one shredder.
snoop lion and miley cyrus reflect on loss in ashtrays and heartbreaks.
get your tutus on. sophia grace and rosie launch their first offical music video:
youtube superheroes ventura lights show the world a new way to make it in music.
this ones for all of you who havent yet seen a man eat a ghost pepper while falling from a plane.
rockstar 101 with songbird @therealryanhiga.
introducing prancercise, a radical new dance/walk craze taking the interwebs by storm.
how to get that awesome slo-mo effect on your videos without fancy editing skills.
@erbofhistory @skrillex your powers combined...unstoppable.
so ... who do you think won #comedyweek?
what happens when a bunch of @zooyork skaters take over yankee stadium?
turns out busting a move on the dance floor might mean more than we think 
a glow-in-the-dark neon bmx session set to an ambient soundtrack. pure beauty.
an inspiring and brave request for a space adventure with @richardbranson.
running free with @jessiej, big sean and dizzee rascal in their new video, wild.
@dennisroady @romanatwood well, we loved the video. and, hey happy birthday, roman.
@losensation @victoria_devine that's a good look on you.
an a capella stop-motion food fight from voice master @mike_tompkins
what would you do if you had no fear?
@tmurphy2015 it's been tough going back to reality, tori. could you follow and dm so we can connect?
@fitzgeraldm10 thanks, maddi. that's so sweet. we'd like to get in touch. please follow and dm so we can connect.
@danielgibbons17 hey, daniel. we'd like to get in touch. please follow and dm so we can connect.
@joshjxoxo hey, josh. we'd like to get in touch. please follow and dm so we can connect.
@contraspemspe thanks, marco. we'd like to get in touch. please follow and dm so we can connect.
kelly clarkson enters a world of color in her new video, people like us.
a #comedyweek recap playlist with cartoon zombies, guitars, gallons of spilled milk and more 
.@romanatwoods latest prank might make you yawn, but its definitely not boring.
@mydamnchannel @thebethhoyt hard-hitting questions. we approve.
@shaquanrulez hope we didn't make your friends too jealous. (actually, let them be jealous.)
.@theellenshow kicks off a new youtube trend called mirroring.
all your favorite viral superstars come together for one epic rock anthem.
the man of steel gets minecrafted.
an epic rap medley from the fresh prince of bel-air and friends.
awesome pick-up lines for animal lovers.
rockin violinist @lindseystirling gives some love to all the halo fans out there.
a #graduation anthem for high-schoolers about to hit the world.
daft punk meets the mario brothers.
@agentshawnee absolutely ecstatic.
@jesseandmike @victoria_devine you're welcome. enjoy them, guys.
a playlist of awesome videos from #comedyweek collective @jash.
youtubes sexiest human @tobyturner presents a rundown of fridays funniest #comedyweek moments.
a playlist of the most viewed comedy videos of 2013:
a top-ten list of hilarious song parodies from #comedyweek cohorts @barelypolitical.
a rundown of some of the most epic fail videos of all time brought to you by @tobyturner.
.@gracehelbig loves animals so much she curated this special #comedyweek collection of cuteness.
in this episode of rapping meme, a sloth gets super freaky on the m-i-c.
[live] comedy week gets musical with reggie watts, weird al and many more:
the most epic guitar battle the internet has ever seen.
a greatest-hits compilation of outlandish utterances from @badlipreading.
introducing the internets newest viral superstars 
the @gregorybrothers rock the party with a club anthem about realistic expectations. cameos by @psy_oppa and others.
were about to get medieval on you 
a special #comedyweek dance-battle jam from @aboveaverage and lance bass.
@allisonstulb it's kind of the same thing.
@eilidhpaley @harleyplays it seriously is.
@tomgreenlive because you're *hilarious* in it.
@kassemg have you watched yourself in this video while on the toilet? admit it.
@avicii can you relate?
@gregorybrothers the more you know. #comedyweek
@skrillex it's about time someone showed the dj a little respect.
a list of #comedyweek celebrities you should know:
in case you missed it live, heres @psy_oppa, @pewdiepie and more at the first ever #socialstarawards.
youll never pronounce gif wrong again 
whats scarier than a brain-eating zombie? walking fred.
join kid president and thomas lennon from reno 911 on a mission to fix global sadness.
awesome rt: @youtube: @tripleh does the #spittake better than anyone, in front of more people! #timetoplaythegame
how much funny can you fit in five seconds?
take the @youtube challenge and upload your own #spittake:
[live] a special #comedyweek edition of @sourcefeds crowdsourced  #tabletalk series.
[live] up-and-coming stand-up stars take the stage for #comedyweek.
@_blovely1 thanks, bradlee. we'd like to get in touch. please follow and dm so we can connect.
@zombiellectuals hey. we'd like to get in touch. follow and dm so we can connect.
@a_kostecki hey, adam. we'd like to get in touch. follow and dm so we can connect.
@im_betinasy hey, betina. we'd like to get in touch. follow and dm so we can connect.
@wwe @cmpunk upgrade. can this be a permanent change? #comedyweek #cultofpersonality
@comediva well, that escalated quickly. #comedyweek
your move @conanobrien. mt: @householdhacker my video response to conan o'brien's video response...
hey, @wwe we think @tripleh should do the #spittake challenge.
the local drive-thru gets attacked by zombies.
your favorite #comedyweek canadian, tom green, recaps tuesdays funniest videos.
@jamieoliver @epicmealtime @harleyplays hope you saved some for us. we're only halfway through #comedyweek and need the nutrients.
@rove awesome. thanks for everything, rove. #comedyweek
@tyleroakley still can't believe you guys survived all those challenges. did you have a favorite?
get your mumford and sons on with @thekeyofawesome.
a foodie cover of jay-zs 99 problems. pockets full of cheddar, yall 
[live] improv masters from the upright citizens brigade theater do comedy based on your videos.
what do your insides look like? ask dr. good.
hannibal buress, skrillex and ryan phillippe tear the house down for  #comedyweek. rappity rap!
#comedyweek all-stars tim and eric get super serious for a smooth-jazz song about facial hair.
come see the daily rundown of #comedyweek videos with @epicmealtime and @thekeyofawesome:
if you don't watch this #comedyweek video from @reggiewatts, you won't know what everyone's talking about:
live now: it's macklemore and ryan lewis. time to put your hands up.
fomo the horror moviebecause nothing is scarier than missing out ...
upload your #spittake and join @gracehelbig in the #comedyweek shenanigans.
"the office"'s david brent teaches us all how to play guitar. #comedyweek
@monicaizzz where else can you see skrillex battle mozart?
@suzieadkennedy we're glad you think so. and, you're welcome. #honored
@shanedawson no one's getting past those two.
everyone say thanks to @redlobster for 100 years of surf 'n turf.
#comedyweek inspired us to get a tumblr. stay tuned for a steady stream of awesome:
so, whose side are you really on? #teammozart or #teamskrillex?
the holy trinity of hip-hop, aka three loco takes the stage right now. neat-o.
are @thefinebros going to spoil #comedyweek?
were having a cute-off. retweet if you think @iamlilbub should win.
@chris_kendall_ thanks! we're actually flattered.
get your towels ready. its about to go down. @thelonelyisland is spring breakin on a boat ...
uh oh. did sarah silverman go too far? tell us: #yep or #nope #comedyweek
@soulpancake we can't wait either! #comedyweek
@realjeffreyross nice.
@smosh you looked good. where'd you get those shoes? #comedyweek
hide your kids. due to excessive awesomeness (and adult themes), our #comedyweek live show is 18+ only.
@hannibalburess us too, man. no pressure.
@kassemg @lebronjames such a baller.
@realjeffreyross @sarahksilverman @sethrogen @thelonelyisland @schwarzenegger how'd you get our mom's number?
@smoshanthony quite possibly the funniest 20 seconds in history. #comedyweek
@iamlilbub we're all about bringing together besties. #comedyweek
@kingsleyyy blast off is at 5pm. so psyched. #comedyweek
@edbassmaster you're always welcome to the party. #comedyweek
@andymilonakis @threeloco all the cool kids will be there tonight. #comedyweek
you did it, so give us a ring: 1-888-303-3771. #comedyweek will be a good time.
@theinternship we never joke about #comedyweek.
@mavslade great shot. we love seeing your pics.
@ericwareheim @jash red is your color. ready for #comedyweek?
@kassemg @gracehelbig  looking good. ready to be funnier than ever?
#comedyweek all-stars @thekeyofawesome unveil their summer plans.
we know what you want for #comedyweek: a good time. if we get 1,000 retweets we'll give you our number.
the countdown to #comedyweek has begun. in 24 hours you will watch the biggest and livest comedy show ever.
@ericandre well, we hope it's funny. otherwise we're just a bunch of jerks.
#comedyweeks resident fruit @annoyingorange battles villains in an effort to rid the world of bad apples.
@danisnotonfire @wirrow we forgive you, dan. hug?
.@soulpancakes kid president revisits the distant past in episode two of his classics series.
@amazingphil that's why we created this space, to bring people from all over to come together and enjoy popcorn.
@theepiclloyd smooth face = smooth rhymes. gotta be at your best for #comedyweek.
a new asian-american variety show starring #comedyweeks kevin jumba, freddie wong and others.
never give a thumbs-up in iran and other tips for world travelers fond of gesticulating.  (via @buzzfeed)
#comedyweek star @fwong imagines a future dystopia in which dogs have annihilated every cat save one.
for every rt, we'll pledge 1 minute of hilarity during #comedyweek. please rt. this needs to be funny.
@barelypolitical is that blue steel?
@erbofhistory @theepiclloyd @nicepeter beautiful shot. you're making us feel ... feelings. #comedyweek not #romanticcomedyweek.
@ucbcomedy seems legit.
animals speaking and screaming like humans.
@collegehumor you gotta be funny and last all night. no pressure.
#comedyweek comedian craig robinson has some super sexy advice for potential lovers.
@erbofhistory whatever you decide, we're sure it'll be awesome. it has to be.
@olgakay we're watching three stooges to stay on the cutting-edge of comedy. what are you up to? #comedyweek
@jash things are getting real. #comedyweek
@makerstudios @psy_oppa @schmoyoho joining forces for #comedyweek...or world domination?
a collection of finale teasers and bittersweet farewells from your friends at @theofficenbc.
#comedyweek star @gracehelbig reviews avril lavignes latest video.
can you guess which one of these commercials is real and which are #comedyweek spoofs?
rt and fill in the blank: i'm most excited to see ____ at #comedyweek.
a playlist of hilarity to get you stoked for our big live #comedyweek show starting may 19 at 5 p.m. pt.
.@daymdrops is back for a super official review of mcdonald's new egg white delights.
oh, just a run-of-the-mill rap about a giant robot made of rhinoceroses. nothing weird to see here.
hasta la vista, babies, and thanks for all the awesome submissions. @schwarzenegger has left the building.
and how about @creeperlegend74 s vote for @therealryanhiga 's video:
so @romyoutrageous thinks this viral classic is hilarious.
tweet us your favorite funny video or photo for a chance to have it rated by our #comedyweek expert, arnold @schwarzenegger.
sarah silverman has a torrid (and very french) love affair with an unlikely fella in fte des pets.
arnold @schwarzenegger is here to pump you up for #comedyweek.
.@schwarzenegger don't you mean "pumped up?"
an intimate unboxing of daft punks new album, random access memories.
a crowdsourced dare results in a dude putting ice down his pants.
energetic puppets discuss the perils and pitfalls of time travel.
@collegehumor boom shakalaka. #comedyweek
@comedysponge he looks like he's about to do something incredibly funny.
an elaborate prank from jay leno results in an impromptu karaoke session of epic proportions.
the best of the latest youtube trend acting like animals.
the best of the latest youtube trend acting like animals.
a #mothersday message for moms across the land from the always adorable kid president.
a subtly glamorous contribution to the #greatgatsby soundtrack by lana del rey:
nick offerman is back for another round of reading tweets from young female celebrities.
an epic fan video honoring ten years of trying stuff you shouldnt try at home with the @mythbusters.
what your tweets say about you.
@barelypolitical science. #comedyweek
how to get women to notice you using the wisdom of pop stars present and past.
dab a dab on your wrist, ladies cant resist. introducing pool water cologne from ryan lochte.
.@iamwill gets his 20s swag on during a performance of his hit bang bang from #thegreatgatsby soundtrack.
@jesseandmike hey, guys. we'd like to get in touch. follow and dm so we can connect.
@misstp90 hey, miss p. we'd like to get in touch. follow and dm so we can connect.
avril lavigne gets gothy at prom in the new video for her party anthem, heres to never growing up.
enter a closet of fairy tales and magic with comedians @reggiewatts and mike o brien.
an electro medley with b-boy flair from from swing-hop outfit menage quad.
if you could rename your microwave, what would you call it? a snack sauna, maybe?
seeing a weird banner in your search results? no worries-fix in the works. nothing juicy to see here!
new ways to support great content on youtube.
an iron man parody of justin timberlake and jay-zs suit and tie. guess what its called.
the top 5 songs for the moms:
the wanted gives a nod to boy bands of yesteryear in their latest video, walks like rihanna.
@vice @shanesmith30 you're so beautiful. love you too, man.
a playlist of some of the most epic prom proposals on youtube.
@foreverbasic @therealryanhiga well he is a dreamboat. you're welcome.
@barelypolitical yep. less than two weeks to figure out how to be the funniest thing on the internet. any ideas?
selena gomez channels the energy of the four elements in her latest video, come and get it.
walk off the earth invites you into a house of piggy banks for a bubbly cover of madonnas material girl.
@just_for_laughs thanks, #comedyweek is sure to be a feast.
@jash no pressure. just be funnier than you've ever been before.
a #comedyweek trailer welcoming you to the most culturally significant event ever ...
thanks for all your guesses, everyone. and now, the cast of our #comedyweek trailer.
yep, its @sarahksilverman. any more guesses before we reveal the rest? #comedyweek
@moomilkish yup, rainn wilson co-created soul pancake with joshua homnick and devon gundry.
@moomilkish you're so close. who created soul pancake? keep guessing!
props to @mavslade for knowing her daily grace. hint 2: this #comedyweek-er wants to feed your soul with pancakes.
guess the #comedyweek star to reveal who's behind the shadows. hint 1: she posts a video of herself every day.
@rhettandlink the crazier the better, right? that looks like the dream team right there. #comedyweek
@olgakay @elliottcmorgan see you back at the mothership.
iggy azalea nods to bollywood and urges you to shake it in her latest video, bounce. 
harry potter reveals all in his contribution to the draw my life trend.
@olgakay no doubt you'll have us in stitches, olga. oh, and high five @elliottcmorgan for us? #comedyweek
ed sheeran love lyrics tested on real live girls.
if you keep making that stank face, it's going to get stuck.
road rage isn't the only thing captured by dashboard cameras.
a glance at navigating google glass.
just in case you've been living under a rock this month.
a costume guide for may the 4th... this is. dress up... you will.
area man throws in towel after 10,000 tweets. (via @theonion)
so your buddies want to go see iron man 3, but you didn't see the first two? no problem.
rare footage of the introvert in his natural habitat.
oringally famous for her eyebrow tricks, sarah ellen is back with another funny talent.
aww, what a nice couple.
epic history or epic bacon? #comedyweek has both.
@adamclark2012 yeah! get into it, adam! it's going to be super awesome. #comedyweek
@shiralazar thanks, shira. hope you're as pumped as we are! #comeyweek
@gracehelbig @therealryanhiga @rainnwilson maybe for now, we'll see how things shake out by the end of #comedyweek.
a stop-motion film made of single atoms. because even nanophysicists need to have a little fun.
hand to foot to hand to slam dunk. an alley-oop like you've never seen.
the average person spends 20,160 minutes of their life kissing. want to know why?
wub wub wub wuuub. marquese nonstop scott bends a few laws of physics with his dance to "broken strings."
learn how a t-rex eats and much more with this "humans acting like animals" playlist. science.
no need to pay attention while you're texting; these seeing-eye people will watch out for you.
commuters, take a second to check out buskers on the train. you might just get bubld.
a camel's diet consists of seeds, leaves, desert plants, and ... human children? bad camel!
think long and hard about national honesty day with a playlist about why we lie.
#kpop supergroup shinee urges us to loosen up in their new video why so serious.
you'll never guess who spielberg cast to play obama.
in case you missed the live stream, heres @psy_oppas first ever performance of gentleman.
scenes from game of thrones acted out by a little girl and her puppets.
more @mlb, now on @youtube:
"i'm just going to walk into mordor this afternoon."
australian pop star @codysimpson crushes on a girl with pretty brown eyes in his latest video.
take a trip to south africa to sample the high life with talib kweli and friends.
a funky jam about a bunch of experiences you may or may not relate to.
ellen interviews herself on @theellenshow. super meta ...
get hyped for the weekend with david guettas latest video play hard ft. akon and ne-yo.
gerard butler takes the hidden-camera prank genre to unexpected new heights.
a collection of pranks for the next time you hit up the drive-thru.
student affairs reveals un-awesome weekend plans.
get ready for seven days of funny as top comedians take over youtube for #comedyweek in may.
a taste of what to expect when @beyonces world tour comes to town.
these music fans at coachella will say anything for street cred.
an eye-opening new youtube trend: draw your life ...
[live] chillaxin with @iamwill, @britneyspears, @mileycyrus and @nicolescherzy at the #willpowerhangout.
the @jonasbrothers unveil their secret hip-hop personas in an intimate interview with @fusetv.
australian twins @nervomusic paint a picture of lost love in their latest video #holdon.
celebrating the 8th anniversary of our first video, me at the zoo, starring youtube co-founder jawed karim.
[live] after earth stars will and jaden smith talk science with googles ray kurzweil and other top thinkers.
#kpop phenom @ibgdrgn shows off his insane lyrical talent once again in his new video go.
teens react to psy's latest hit, "gentleman":
the crazy nasty honey badger pays a visit to @peta.
happy earth day. enjoy a collection of awe-inspiring videos from around the globe:
join beyonce, salma hayek, halle berry and others in a campaign to empower girls and women.
a daft punk playlist in anticipation of their upcoming album, random access memories.
lana del rey gets lo-fi with her real life boyfriend in summer wine.
meet your new fearless leader, colonel meow.
a hologram incarnation of @justinbieber gets down with @iamwill in the new video for #thatpower.
the latest developments in #boston.
the crowd at last nights boston bruins game sings the national anthem.
a sloth snuggles with a cat and the whole internet goes "awww."
sending a happy birthday shout out to @conanobrien. thanks for all the laughs ...
analyzing 2ne1s epic video for i am the best on the premiere episode of k-pop 4d! from @myishchannel.
presenting #thump, a new channel from @vice covering the bright and crazy world of edm.
your all-access pass to the exhilarating, exciting and totally xtreme world of tim and eric.
introducing adrienn banhegyi, possibly the best jump roper on the planet.
macklemore and ryan lewis take their posse on an epic voyage in their new video, cant hold us.
jon hamm from #madmen teams up with @sesamestreets elmo to teach you about the art of sculpture.
the evolution of music with a cappella all-stars @ptxofficial.
chill out with two robo-dancers in a dragons den of #dubstep.
remembering the queen of tejano music, selena quintanilla-prez.
continuing coverage of the tragedy in #boston.
coverage of the explosions at the #bostonmarathon.
calvin harris and ellie goulding share happy and intimate moments in the new i need your love video.
in case you missed the premiere over the weekend, heres @psy_oppas latest video, #gentleman.
[live] so sad coachella is almost over. so happy red hot chili peppers headlining.
[live]  sunday funday: jessie ware, vampire weekend and paul oakenfold all getting involved.
pitch perfect star anna kendrick takes a trip to seoul for a #kpop makeover.
[live] the xx, phoenix and new order all starting soon. europe is representing.
[live] you're on your couch. we're running in 90 degree heat to major lazer. you win.
justin bieber and ludacris take you on a global awesomeness spree in the new video for all around the world.
an adventure with doctor who sung to the tune of owl city and carly rae jepsen's "good time."
[live] join thousands of #kpop fans for @psy_oppas debut performance of his new song #gentleman.
the winners of the @dogooder video awards are here. check them out! #video4change
everything youll need during your weekend at #coachella.
a #webby for @ythumanrights would be a win for citizen video activists everywhere. vote here and retweet:
[live] coachella stream just starting. sunnies on, everyone.
ed sheerans video for lego house gets an official lego makeover.
hey girl, joe jonas got your video request and hes cooking up something ... sexy.
.@psy_oppa performs his new song #gentleman at 2:30 am pst. watch the live concert (rebroadcast for 24 hrs) here:
the jonas brothers meet their number one fan ... omgyah.
this is why you dont invite animals to dinner.
skrillex and mozart in a rap battle of epic proportions.
simon cowell interviews the sauce boss, aka harley morenstein from @epicmealtime.
the crazy monster with the voice of gold, gollum from the lord of the rings, does his best taylor swift.
game of thrones ... disney-fied.
rob zombie wants to tell you about dead city radio and the new gods of supertown. sounds kinda freaky.
indie darlings tegan and sara fan out on their childhood idols, @nkotb.
jimmy kimmel and kid rock in the ongoing battle to free @justinbiebers pet monkey.
teenage rapper becky g flaunts her @jlo swag in the new video for becky from the block.
six thousand individual shots come together to make one insanely awesome "dragon ball z" battle.
.@falloutboys new album save rock and roll drops next week, but why wait until then?
learning to swim with a baby river otter. awwww.
sending a birthday shout out to hip-hop pioneer, biz markie.
a look back at the life and legacy of margaret thatcher.
if you could talk to your 10-year-old self, what would you say?
the jonas brothers cover frank oceans thinking about you.
a sneak peek at what the motor city has to offer for @xgamesdetroit.
trick-shot champions @dudeperfect go fishing for swishes with a giant panda.
people say #yolo all the time, but do they know what it means? @jimmykimmel investigates.
this is what it looks like when astronauts cry.
characters from les miserables dream a dream of @britneyspears and @iamwill.
justin biebers beauty and a beat like youve never heard it before ... baroque style.
remembering rock legend kurt cobain.
identical #twinsters separated at birth? @samfuterman and @anaisfbordier hope to find out soon.
how would you react if someone said you had the best pair of knees on earth?
is this the start of a month of pranks between @justinbieber and tmz?
#theharlemshake ... more than a billion served and still counting.
a list of little known cookie facts to honor @oreos 101st birthday.
does what we share online have any impact on how we conduct ourselves in the real world?
the trailer for the upcoming @onedirection movie starring a boy band of sock puppets.
the freakin awesomest wedding proposal youre likely to see for a while.
jay leno and jimmy fallon discuss the #tonightshow situation in an epic duet straight out of west side story.
lana del rey takes a heart-and-soul approach to covering leonard cohens chelsea hotel no. 2.
this 6-year-old drumming prodigy is almost too hot for teacher.
snoop lion and his daughter cori b. team up with drake in a stand against gun violence.
will vampire cat oust lil bub as the internets cutest deformed feline?
celebrating the release of @nkotbs new album with a collection of videos from some of the best boy bands ever.
were nearing the end of day 1 of our nominee announcement. tune in to say goodnight to donald and kendra.
due to the overwhelming volume we are closing cat video submissions one hour early.
what should kendra and donald eat for dinner? are you #teamspaghetti or #teamhotdogs? let us know!
you're really making them wait for coffee. rt 100 times to get our talented presenters some chairs.
@elxx nominees are announced in no particular order. stay tuned to our live announcement ceremony for the next two years.
@gazlee hopefully you'll enjoy the next 729 days of our nominee announcement ceremony. thanks for watching.
@linkcool2006 keep your chin up champ. you have just as good a shot as any other video on youtube.
reading thousands of nominees can dry out your throat. rt this 500 times and well give donald some water.
@wherethehismatt good news matt. you have the same chance of winning as all of the billions of videos submitted to youtube. best of luck!
@peeweeherman thanks for your submission. unfortunately voting isn't possible. our judges will announce the #bestvideo on youtube in 2023.
@daviddentist thank you for your submission. we know that unnecessary dental surgery was expensive. the winner will be announced in 2023.
@andreaschoice thank you for your submissions. the judges definitely consider good hair and makeup in the final decision for #bestvideo.
@zoefell congrats, all of your videos have been nominated. check back in ten years to see if you've won. good luck.
tell us: what did you submit to
possible #bestvideo winners include: connors day at farm, top 15 best lunches, grandpas eye surgery, cheers intro:
[live] youtube is shutting down tonight at midnight. watch the live stream for #bestvideo nominations:
reminder: submission deadline approaching fast! get any last minute videos in before midnight.
it's been eight amazing years, and we almost have enough videos to select a winner before shutting down.
turns out jon snow from game of thrones is quite the rapper.
sending a birthday shout-out to hip-hop pioneer, mc hammer. u still cant touch this 
rapping is a wonderful art form, but it sure is expensive.
a few things you might not know about the (kinda gross) star-nosed mole.
a bunch of twerkin furries from @peta give miley cyrus a run for her money.
the walking dead meets mozart.
#rememberwheneverybody was doing the #harlemshake? hahaha 
anxiety seems useless, so why do we have to feel it?
part one of @collegehumors real life dora the explorer series is now available for your viewing pleasure.
your invitation to explore our state-of-the-art production space in los angeles.
an intimate jam session with @lindseystirling and friends.
the boys of @onedirection beg for more smooches in the new alt version of kiss you.
.@thrashlab takes a look at the rising cost of higher education. is it worth it?
twilight meets #gangnamstyle. nuff said.
hey, hi, how you doing? jaden smith greets the world in his latest video.
an a capella rendering of the game of thrones theme song. hey, at least he tried.
flashback to the #90s  lisa loeb performs her hit song stay.
welcome to downton zombey, home of the aristocratic undead on the hunt for brains.
liam payne of one direction can do this 20 times to a soccer ball. can you?
the gang at @collegehumor responds to @buzzfeeds epic fruitball challenge.
introducing snowboardings shreddingest supermodel, amira ahmed.
emoticons are about to get a whole lot freakier 
[live] swedish house mafia perform together one last time from ultra music festival
a glimpse inside the world of a voice actress on the simpsons.
a classic calvin and hobbes comic strip comes to life.
[live] deadmau5 performing at the ultra music festival
brent from the office returns after 10 long years.
why do animals shake when theyre wet? its to look super cute, right?
how to get through #marchmadness when youre not a sports fan.
how to freak out strangers with your iphone.
let your favorite dogooder or #nonprofit know today's the last day to submit a video for the dogooder video awards.
[live] john mayer talks tour dates and performs during a special youtube livestream with google+ hangout.
hanging out in india with an insanely brave group of stuntmen and art-rock band django django.
march madness selections from president barack obama.
superstar street artist shepard fairey shares his favorite youtube videos.
[live] welcome to @grantland33's #marchmadness live stream, coming to you from bill simmons backyard.
we now have more than a billion users every single month. thank you for creating something truly special.
do superstar djs like tiesto really deserve all the money and fame?
justin timberlake reflects on love and life in the new video for mirrors.
sinkholes!
[live] the boys of one direction kick off #tyglaunch, backstage from their u.k. tour.
what youtube channels would you watch on your microwave?
justin timberlake and jimmy fallon are back with another historic hip-hop medley.
cat lovers, your prayers have been answered  lil bub and friendz is coming soon.
the strokes give you a glimpse of life on the road in their latest video, all the time.
the internet gets what the internet wants  dora the explorer in real life.
kick-start your week with a motivational message from the one and only @mrt.
introducing marcus kleveland, the youngest snowboarder to ever land a triple cork.
just in time for #stpatricksday we give you the shamrock shake.
pitbull and christina aguilera toast to living large and being awesome in the video for feel this moment.
theyre all gonna laugh at you! and heres what happens in their brains when they do 
the lucky charms song like you've never heard it before:
a ragtime cover of sexyback from jimmy fallon and justin timberlake.
how many doritos locos tacos would it take to save america?
[live] click here to rage to some of the worlds best electronic music at #ultra music festival:
@rodonblue got a fave non-wigs video on youtube?
have a #bluefriday with season 2 of @wigs super sexy drama, blue. premiering today on youtube.
skateboarding tricks have gotten so crazy, you need a slow-mo camera to understand all the flips.
10 amazing facts that make the world a truly #awesome place.
an exploration of epic key changes in pop music.
a truly epic anthem for #piday by a group of wizards and a robot.
youtube capture now available on ipad, ipad mini.
nothing bums batman out more than the paparazzi.
comic book legend @therealstanlee channels his inner spider-man and parkours his way across town.
[live] people eagerly wait as the vatican prepares to announce the new pope.
millions of celebrities have stopped going to the bathroom for matt damons @water campaign. will you hold it, too?
a one-man-band cover of justin timberlakes suit and tie.
we predict youll want to watch the new mumford and sons video at least four times in a row.
the brief and wondrous life of a hamburger.
over the rainbow and #almosthome with mariah carey and oz the great and powerful.
chillin at #sxsw with #jash, a new comedy channel starring a few of your favorite comedic masterminds.
valentina lisitsas channel has so many views that @wsj has named her the justin bieber of classical piano.
rock legend @slash plays the #angrybirdsspace jam and talks about his love for the game.
magic tricks and scorpion snacks at the @youtube offices in los angeles.
most americans will be fiddling with their clocks tonight to prepare for daylight saving time. whats up with that?
whos using our new channel designs? epicmealtime, mysteryguitarman, mondo, loud and more!
an epic diy remake of the trailer for iron man 3.
welcome to youtube space la, a place where creativity runs wild.
five peeps one guitar  jumbo sized.
watch a young girl hear her mothers voice for the first time.
shaquille oneal finally gets revenge on former teenage heartthrob aaron carter.
[live] get to know #kpop superstars shinee during their a-pop star week hangout.
a song about the skeletons and zombie pigs of minecrafts nether dimensions  by taylor swift.
should parents be on twitter?
a rapid-fire beatbox medley of your favorite beatles songs.
pick your kitty avatar and get ready for a cute-off in super smash kittens.
sk8 4 life! pro skateboarder paul rodriguez takes us back in time with a full redo of his first video part.
a standing ovation for a 4-year-old youtube sensation named kai.
celebrate @shaqs birthday with a special oneal family version of the #harlemshake.
counting to 1 billion views with @sesamestreets count von count. ah ha ha!
now taking submissions for the dogooder video awards.
well, if you insist ... *busts a move*
homer, bart and company do their own special version of the #harlemshake.
a brief history and analysis of #yolo.
dido is back with a new video, and it's worthy of a ticker tape parade.
only fun. could sing a moving song about regret to a suitcase.
travis barker is giving you drum lessons on @youtube.
a baby is cured of hiv in mississippi.
an epic baby dance battle to energize your monday:
enjoy seven heavenly minutes with indie darling joanna newsom.
step inside the helmet of darth vader.
a woman will let the internet name her baby. are we about to meet the first kid named #gangnamstyle?
a hootin and hollerin country cover of ke$has die young.
[live now] electro stars justice perform live from paris for @edbangerrecords' 10th anniversary party
south korean hip-hop crew mfbty envision robotic tigers and space jumps in their new video, sweet dream.
have you heard of the new photo fad called #dezzing? this is gonna be good.
so ... have you tried searching for "do the harlem shake" on youtube lately?
what would life be like with apples rumored #iwatch? @finalcutking speculates.
an analysis of missed connections from @buzzfeeds statisticians of love.
hey @google, barrel rolls are cool, but when we do the harlem shake, that's just crazy.
your iphone, ipad and ipod touch can now be your remote control for @youtube on tv:
the original harlem shakers take on the #harlemshake meme.
submit questions for @flotus michelle obama by tomorrow for a chance to be heard during next weeks #firesidehangout:
whoa. look who's back.
the bizarre and amazing story behind keyboard cat.
you love dancing to #gangnam style, but have you ever wondered what the songs about?
why is jennifer lawrence so awesome? let us list the ways 
youtube star @destorm channels his inner monster in his latest hip-hop jam, king kong.
celebrate fairy tale day with an adorable finger-puppet reenactment of cinderella.
every student should have the opportunity to learn code. retweet to help spread the word.
a word of advice: when buying gear from thrift stores, always be sure to check your pockets for tiny rappers.
do you say cheese for photos? well, sorry to say, but youve been #doingitwrong.
the evolution of mom dancing with jimmy fallon and michelle obama.
welcome to astronaut chris hadfields space kitchen. todays lesson: floating pbandjs.
heres a weird question: can too much  #harlemshake turn you into wayne brady? 
a psychedelic trip through a puppet land with folktronica virtuoso bat for lashes.
#oscar predictions from a handful of super-informed youtube stars.
caught on film for the first time ever: the adorable parenting techniques of a wild tigress.
viral newlyweds isaac and amy urge you to say yes to love.
one way or another @onedirection will raise cash for @comicrelief  and theyre also gonna getcha.
jump in a #nascar cockpit with the trouble man himself, rapper t.i.
have you ever caught yourself looking for an undo button in real life? then you might be human.
will you join comic book legend stan lee in the fight against  #pennies?
presenting emoji dick, the great american novel about a whale told through emoticons.
a barrage of simple-but-hilarious mini-cartoons for the short attention span set.
practicing #oscar speeches with some of the biggest stars of 2012.
a super-meta retro tattoo session brought to you by @deadmau5.
whats the best defense against tiny ninjas on a mission to steal towels? cats, obvi.
dolphins  if you cant beat em, join em.
dont worry, #americanidol fans: last years champ phillip phillips still loves you  on his new single.
[live now]  @muse rocks a special show for the 20th anniversary of @warchilduk.
how do you create fun.? let super producer jeff bhasker show you.
amy poehler: actress. awards show host. skateboarder? the sowle sisters school amy for the newest ep of smart girls.
happy birthday to ice-t, the original gangster.
[live] meet the makers of the world's best #superbowl ads in a live hangout, hosted by @adweek:
how else can kid president make this year awesome? how about a love song?
come see the top five #superbowl ads, as voted by you!
alt-rockers paramore return to the music battlefield with their new single, now.
the piano guys find the right country/classical balance on begin again.
the monopoly iron needs a bigger profile. where better to turn than youtube? 
couples from a senior living center dance to live performances of their wedding songs. 
the internet has now caught up with charlize theron in monster. presenting pretty girls making ugly faces.
[live] president obama is answering your questions in a #firesidehangout:
help sesame street become the first nonprofit to hit 1 billion channel views!
and for the haters ...
a collection of sappy #valentinesday songs for the lovers ...
@spoinkers we're giving you a standing ovation.
help other hopeful lovers. tweet out your best pickup line using  ---&gt; #cheesypickuplines 
beck enlists the help of nearly 200 musicians to reimagine david bowies #70s classic, sound and vision.
lays just revealed its new line of chip flavors including #sriracha and chicken-and-waffles. do you say yum or yuck?
soak in the stripped-down beauty of rihannas latest ballad, stay ft. mikky ekko.
skateboardings first ever board-to-board backflip down stairs.
matt damon and wheezy waiter have vowed to do the pee dance until the worlds @water crisis is solved. will you?
was taylor swifts #grammy performance a dig at her ex-boyfriend, harry styles?
soldiers in norway do the harlem shake.
pope benedict xvi announces his resignation.
internet darling sweet brown is back and this time she has a toothache. aint nobody got time for that!
it takes true talent to get a cover of #gangnam style noticed these days. well done @jayessleemusic.
rising pop star @austinmahone teams up with flo rida for a new spin on a hip-hop classic. do you got what they need?
soldiers from the republic of korea show off their singing and acting chops in an epic parody of les miserables.
learn to love again with the glamorously dramatic new video from fun.s nate ruess and p!nk.
a #valentimes day horror story by a kid cute enough to use that word sincerely.
famous for overcoming a speech impediment through rap, 13-year-old @liljaxe is also proudly young, fresh and foolish.
a quick surf through some of the top channels making awesome videos this week.
one good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain. - bob marley (feb. 6, 1945 - may 11, 1981).
we pity the fool who doesnt follow @mrts advice.
grumpy cat, mr. ridiculously photogenic guy and overly attached girlfriend finally get their own power ballad.
.@tiffanyalvord invites her fans and an all-star cast of fellow youtube celebs to join the party and feel alive.
looks like we have a little @dudeperfect in the making.
two crime-fighting twitter queens face off to the tune of beauty and a beat by justin bieber.
indias first-ever vert skating demo stars the birdman himself, mr. tony hawk.
and now for a bicycle saga with killer sharks, talking dogs and aliens. wow, sugarboy. how much candy did you eat?
the cutest cover of taylor swifts i knew you were trouble youll see this week.
enjoy some flying tea and crumpets with the muppets of upside downton abbey.
.@buckhollywood counts down the seven most epic diss songs in pop music history.
missed the #superbowl commercial everyone's buzzing about? we've got you covered.
what's your favorite #superbowl commercial so far? see them again and again on youtube ad blitz!
tips, tricks and guidelines for increasing awesomeness at tomorrows #superbowl party.
is spring coming early or is it six weeks away? throw on bill murrays #groundhogday and youll be happy regardless.
the #superbowl goes down this sunday, but these people already know the results. hmmm.
whats really going on with rihanna and chris brown? find out here:
[live] tune in to the #adblitz pre-game hangout with @bleacherreport to rap about sundays big game.
a recap of the superpipe finals at winter x games 17. shaun white strikes again!
a haunting a cappella rendering of eric whitacres love poem, a boy and a girl.
women have been wooing men with song since the dawn of time ... but oh man, how times have changed.
proof that the invisible man is, in fact, a gnarly dude.
sneakers are serious business on #detroitrubber, a new series produced by @eminem.
.@mattybraps on justin timberlake and jay-zs suit and tie to tide you over until the official video drops.
you know what cypress hill was missing? keytar.
[live] president @barackobama speaks in las vegas about the current immigration system in the u.s.
exercise is hard ... hard for people without superpowers, anyway.
(lets try this again). tomorrow at 6:30 a.m. pt, sec. of state hillary clinton hosts a global townterview:
will beyonces #superbowl show top past performances from the likes of madonna and justin timberlake?
whats it like to be a youtube star? find out in please subscribe, a documentary screening in theaters february 5.
adam levine and kendrick lamar team up with the boys from @thelonelyisland for a tribute to the #yolo generation.
make sure youre on the path that leads to #awesome. more wisdom from kid president here:
[live] watch the pupping process of gray seals on seal island off the coast of maine.
what happens when you eat a pistachio that's really into #gangnam style? wait for it 
rising teenage singer ryan beatty reveals his five favorite things to do when his parents are gone.
a few very important facts about the freakiest little carnivore in southeast asia, the tarsier.
breakdancing #kpop outfit tiny-g continue to rock the music world with a new video for their 2nd single, "minimanimo."
ready for the #superbowl? watch #adblitz experts give their take on the big game:
a live and super-intimate acoustic performance of as long as you love me by @justinbieber.
the legend of johnny football continues with a trick-shot skeet battle against @dudeperfect.
super awesome atari games you will sadly never get to play.
could hoarding trinkets lead to love? find out in what do we have in our pockets? a #sundance short now on youtube:
lindsey stirling teams up with fellow youtube darlings tyler ward and chester see for an acoustic tribute to maroon 5.
[live] hang out with vice president joe biden as he discusses the administrations plan for gun control:
fresh from #sundance: the story of a rooster with an appetite for life ... and power. only in the screening room.
looking for a powerful anthem to get you through your recent breakup? @geekandsundrys got you covered.
the wanted give a nod to early beatlemania in their latest video, i found you (fan version).
howdy partner. ever wonder about rodeo life? meet kendrick domingue in "the roper," a #sundance short now on youtube.
celebrating six years of bieber fever 
beyonce welcomes barack obama to his second term with a rendition of the national anthem.
the new anthem of fallen cycling hero lance armstrong.
comic book legend stan lee sends a personal message to a victim of the taft union high school shooting.
honoring the life and legacy of dr. martin luther king, jr.
[live] president @barackobama and vp @joebiden are sworn in for their second term at #inaug2013.
confused by some of the plot twists in the hobbit? maybe things would have made more sense had they gone like this 
stingray and a double side of scooby snacks. nfl players  say the craziest things.
a behind-the-scenes look at the awesome fx in the avengers.
a super dope rap about being a nerd and living the life.
cats get groovy in catnip: egress to oblivion? debuting this weekend at #sundance and playing now on youtube:
a preview of a soon-to-be released magic card by mischievous youtube personality, alex day.
the latest season of "american idol" is upon us and its time to decide: team nicki or team mariah?
lance armstrong sits with oprah winfrey to discuss his history with banned substances.
jimmy kimmel talks to kids to find out the difference between girls and boys:
come see 12 short films debuting at #sundance as we speak ... only on @youtube.
hop a ride with german youtube star @flula as he jams to the white stripes  with his parents.
a blind man discusses fears unique to those without sight.
parkour meets extreme skiing in the latest episode of hijinx from finlands real skifi crew.
a no-holds-barred street style rap battle about the 2013 nfl conference championship games.
now this is a story all about how the fresh prince got flipped, turned upside down  by google translate.
into things like electric scissors and snuggies? youll love this product from mario and fafa.
[live] watch vlogbrothers @realjohngreen and @hankgreen at an evening of awesome from carnegie hall!
a synthesized ode to justin bieber for a new generation of stylophone enthusiasts.
calling all extroverted and extremely hairy young men from the u.k. have we got a job for you!
why hire a dj to spin #dubstep at your next party when your pet bird can sing it for free?
youtube music makers sam tsui and kurt hugo schneider team up for a dreamy tribute to #swedishhousemafia.
an elegy dedicated to cancelled shows and films sung to the tune of kiss you by #onedirection.
the most hilarious and heartwarming youtube videos of 2012 from @theellenshow.
youtube legend david choi goes back in time to cover the spinners' could it be im falling in love.
rub-a-dub-dub in the tub with conan obrien and ricky gervais.
which of these famously snubbed movies should have won an oscar?
so you think you know a lot about #onedirection, huh?
viral rapper krispy kreme done changed his name to froggy fresh, but dont worry  hes still the same old kid.
black simon and garfunkel shine bright like diamonds in the sky.
break out your go-go juice and get ready to cut a rug to the ballad of honey boo boo by brad paisley.
take a trip through the drive-thru with the invisible man.
[live now] @popsugar interviews the winners backstage at the critics' choice movie awards.
why wait in airport security lines when you can just fly through the x-ray like deadmau5?
patrice wilson is back with another potentially viral music video that might make you go ... hmmm.
are you ready for justin timberlake to bring sexy back again? he is.
are you ready for justin timberlake to bring sexy back again? he is.
if any youtube star is capable of pinky pull-ups, its @destorm ... but did it really happen?
lip-synching viral celeb keenan cahill talks about how he uses youtube to spread awareness about his condition.
could baby possibly be the most overused word in the history of pop music?
five things to know about the latest album from a$ap rocky that drops january 15.
rock legend david bowie celebrates his 66th birthday with the release of his first new song in nearly 10 years.
today is the third anniversary of the super-viral double rainbow video. what does it mean?!
pucker up. the boys from @onedirection ski, surf and motorcycle into your heart in their latest video:
alex goot and friends are coming for ya  with a homemade tribute to justin biebers beauty and a beat.
how to inspire people and change the world with youtube.
ten great hip-hop albums to look for in 2013.
a complex medley of songs from les miserables sung by a man with a million voices.
parents react to les miserables.
the latest video from #kpop superband girls generation has a distinctly hip-hop feel. will america take to it?
around the world in seven awesome songs with youtube star @buckhollywood.
ellen puts her mashup hat on and pits a screaming sheep against a very enthusiastic weight lifter.
join skrillex and friends on a nighttime bbq bicycle adventure through the streets of awesome town.
do your best @psy_oppa lasso move with your #wii remote on the home screen of the wii youtube app for a fun surprise!
gollum and smeagol get a little help from adam levine in a rap battle over the precious.
taylor swift gets the a capella #dubstep treatment from youtube darlings walk off the earth.
finish building a rose bowl parade float in less than 90 seconds.
the highs and lows of 2012 as told by twitter.
a super funktastic end-of-the-year compilation with pimped out horses, swordfighting and milk attacks: 
check out psy #gangnam-rocking with one million people in times square on new years eve:
a baritone beatbox with extra bass.
planet earth welcomes 2013. mt @citizentube: a roundup of impressive new year's celebrations from around the world.
kick your new years resolution into high gear with this 10 pounds in 2 weeks playlist from @destorm.
screaming sheep, cute kittens and a polar bear pool party. here are the top animal videos of 2012 from #youtuberewind.
get ready to rock in the new year with this heavy metal firestorm of a holiday classic.
2012 is almost over. have you had your annual polar dip yet?
break out your #gangnam horse dance one last time this year to wish @psy_oppa a happy birthday.
a sweet ballad about the best and craziest tweets from your favorite sports stars.
ever wonder what happens to all those trees that dont find homes for christmas?
the holidays can be lonely sometimes. but thats okay  right?
a pop music ode to unwanted hair sung to the tune of i knew you were trouble by taylor swift.
miley cyrus closes out her backyard sessions series with a soulful cover of jolene.
a father cries tears of joy after finding tickets to the big game in his christmas hat.
seasons greetings from american troops stationed across the world.
demi lovato pays tribute to those affected by the connecticut shooting.
middle-earth becomes a disturbing future dystopia in  the hobbit games.
get your dancing queen on, #kpop style, with the latest from girls generation.
#gangnam lights, singing models, epic rap battles and more. here are the ten most popular holiday videos of 2012:
blow off some holiday steam with an epic pillow fight.
five tips for making sure your holiday photos come out as #awkward as possible.
turns out the guy from assassin's creed wouldnt last a second in the real world.
from seoul to the white house and beyond! here are the top five #gangnam style performances of 2012.
snowboarding legend shaun white cuts his signature #locksoflove for a good cause.
the mcrib is back. oh. my. daym.
one billion views. 2012 will forever go down as the year of #gangnam style. go psy! 
all your favorite #endoftheworld hits in one epic mashup.
.@psy_oppa is so close to one billion views.  will he make it before the world ends?
feed this kid some candy and he becomes a storytelling genius. welcome to the world of sugarboy.
a quick list of super-nice things you can do for others this holiday season.
how to make fruit salad like a #dubstep ninja.
still looking for great gift ideas? rt @appstore: send a #holiday greeting to friends and family with @youtube capture.
t.i.s new album drops today. here are five things you need to know about it.
project for awesome 2012 is upon us! help "decrease world suck" by watching some of this years hottest charity videos:
today we wish a happy birthday to the always beautiful christina aguilera.
horse dances, rap battles and dubstep violin solos. discover the top videos of 2012 on @youtube
far east movement shows us how they celebrate #christmas in downtown la.
[live now] people, it's t.i. live in concert. right now. watch!
take out your holiday frustrations slow-mo-style with conan obrien.
film and share videos instantly with youtube capture for iphone and ipod touch
a very lonely man gets a surprise visit from super bouncy youth olympian michelle jenneke.
president obamas speech from newtown high school in its entirety.
[live now] the best racers in the world face off at the @raceofchampions in bangkok.
the angry birds movie is officially on. what do you think the plot will be?
[live now] guy garvey and spiritualized play live for save the children in london.
coverage of the school shooting in newtown, connecticut:
a funky little jam about all the awesome things you can do in your #christmas sweatz.
[live now]: we're answering your questions about the recent changes to youtube's look in a hangout on air. come watch!
curious about our new look? ask us anything during our reddit ama starting at 10 a.m. pt on dec. 18.
power pop takes a trip to middle-earth in this hobbit-inspired spoof of #onedirections one thing.
in honor of violin day, we offer this #dubstep classic from superstar string rocker lindsey stirling.
@googleearth @googlemaps lets celebrate with a dance party
a special holiday message from the ever-adorable lil bub and her heavy metal homie, andrew w.k.
[live now] tune into @fusetv for the #121212concert with kanye west, alicia keys, the who and tons of other stars.
remembering the late ravi shankar, who introduced indian music to western audiences...with a little help from a friend.
and the show is live! watch @macklemore here:
@cooper_barrett @macklemore @ryanlewis it will happen -- just a little delayed due to technical issues. hang on.
@cewalker3 @macklemore @ryanlewis yep - having some technical issues. hang on.
@bsh_mr1 @macklemore @ryanlewis thanks - hang on, we're experiencing technical issues.
[live now] the excellent rapper @macklemore and @ryanlewis are taking the stage at our new york office. watch!
the nba celebrates an amazing feat: one billion views on youtube.
a soulful acoustic #christmas jam from youtube faves kina grannis and joseph vincent.
ceelo green and rod stewart want to wish you a very merry #christmas ... baby.
theres a super-expensive new coffee on the market ... and you'll never guess how its made.
michael gregory of the @gregorybrothers sings frank oceans bad religion to a creepy puppet.
meet monte, the worlds first canine race car driver.
got questions about youtubes new look? we want to answer them in a hangout on air on 12/13 at 4pm pt. ask 'em here:
falls viral hit dumb ways to die gets the video game treatment.
a family band, aged 13 to 19 years old, covering the talking heads. welcome to @echosmith.
a quick tour of some of the greenest and most awesome buildings in the world.
it's human rights day, and @playing4change is taking a stand to make the world #abetterplace. join them!
dmx went viral this week with his impromptu rendition of the rudolph song. heres games take on the performance.
your favorite pop songs from 2012 get an academic upgrade.
how to glam up your holiday household without breaking the bank.
[live now] the world's best breakdancers battle in brazil. tune in now! 
more proof that its a #bacon lovers world and were just living in it.
just in time for the kickoff to #hanukkah, heres a soulful jam from matisyahu.
lace up a new pair of kicks and get ready to jam with youtube rap legend @destorm.
#gangnam style: a super-cool dance trend or an evil conspiracy to rule the world? you decide.
youtube is getting better, with a cleaner viewing experience and a guide that keeps you plugged in.
we've gotta give props to @sandersbohlke's super-pretty new video. watch!
learning to drive with a couple of guys who sound like babies.
we bid farwell to the late, great jazz legend dave brubeck, who died this morning at age 91.
a sweet #christmas carol from gravel-voiced rapper dmx.
{live now} @ladyantebellum is heating up the stage #onthiswinternight. watch!
do you want the web to stay #freeandopen? then take action and let your voice be heard.
jay-z  turns another year older today, but in our eyes hell always be 
nothing says the holidays like @ceelogreen teaming up with a bunch of muppets. #awesome.
how skrillex stole #christmas!
the first text message was sent twenty years ago today. guess what it said.
meet the team behind some of the best #kpop videos:
sending out a happy birthday to the one and only britney spears.
how much do you know about #gangnam style? test your knowledge:
[live now] rage the night away with tisto and friends as they rock australia's stereosonic festival for #worldaidsday.
think the blues is dead? think again, folks. the remarkable @garyclarkjr is performing live, right now:
let out a rebel yell to wish rock icon billy idol a happy birthday.
okay, people. can this kid in @saintmotel's new video dance or what? seriously: wow.
its official  this guy is the best reverse parallel parker in the entire world.
youve seen the viral hit dumb ways to die. now watch the spoof, cool things to find, and get to searching.
everyone welcome back, nefertiti. the first-ever "spidernaut" safely returns to earth:
the cutest and furriest radiohead cover youre going to see this year.
have you mastered your #gangnam style dance yet? if not, this tutorial might help.
celebrate the late george harrison and the 10th anniversary of the #concertforgeorge by watching the whole show:
are the puppets in your dreams as evil as the ones #neilpatrickharris sees when he sleeps? doubt it.
this super-creative video from mexico citys the plastics revolution was made from thousands of instagram stills.
your grandfather is probably pretty cool, but can he vogue like this?
happy holidays ... hahaha! mt @annoyingorange: hey! check out my very first christmas album on itunes! yule love it!
a soulful acoustic spin on rihannas diamonds from alex goot and friends.
deck the house with lights of #gangnam. fa la la la la, la la la la.
here are the albums you should be bumping this #christmas season.
planking and coning have been done to death, but theres a new internet craze called #milking and its  messy.
tvxq! takes #kpop to bionic new heights in their latest video:
.@msrebeccablack is back! and when did she drop her new video? on #blackfriday, naturally.
tricks and tips for getting the best #cybermonday deals the internet has to offer.
most important party ingredients? for dj otto knows it's bits of broken mirror and flashlights. obviously.
far east movements latest video might just change your life forever.
if you go out looking for street art by slinkachu, watch your step. all that amazing work could be crushed in a second.
set aside a little time this sunday to reach pure nirvana with @thekloons.
heroes star hayden panettiere reveals her newfound powers of supervision in her latest country hit.
time to get out of your chair and have some fun with pitbull, the wanted and afrojack.
a garage-rockin tribute to david guetta and usher from italian coverband @aurorabrivido.
go on a journey through space and time with orlando jones and @mysteryguitarm.
.@annoyingorange and his crew of obnoxious fruits wanna say wazzup... video game style.
what do american troops in afghanistan have in common with the miami dolphins cheerleaders?
getting the wii u? download the @youtube app for hd videos, great channels and gamepad search
the cutest motocross adventure youll see this year.
passion, pink hair and plate smashing. do you dig the new video from ellie goulding?
incredibly high praise for @justinbieber from a woman who knows what shes talking about, oprah winfrey.
@ahiddenemotion you will be able to watch the video, which will be up soon after the event ends.
@warrenmholmes glad to keep you up for this, cuz it's good stuff! #aliciahangout
@rebecca_l0ve that's the joy of it! #aliciahangout
@urbansoulmag everybody should be able to see the hangout here:
@eryne @takekun @miguelunlimited our pleasure. #aliciahangout
@sarahydecker try this link:
@eryne @takekun @miguelunlimited egypt's first song!
@martaak try this link:
@nessabutterflyz @aliciakeys you should be able to see it:
@wrecklesslove :)
@im_keys_babe you bet we are! you'll find it on her channel soon after the event ends.
@kirstenstubbs @turntablefm :)
@myriamkeys gracias myriam!!
@23hrh23 :)
@shenda_ak_benda try this link:
@joiedev_ @im_keys_babe try this link:
@sweetkveezy try this link:
@sandkeys @aliciakeys try this link:
@shenda_ak_benda @tatiikeys try this link:
@tatiikeys are you on
@1talkingmoose you bet your life we are. :)
{live now] watch @aliciakeys debut her new album and answer your questions! #aliciahangout
@dwfmedia yay! :)
a word to the wise this #movember: mustaches do not make you creepy.
take a trip to the shaky-cam underbelly of hollywood with lindsay lohan, james franco and r.e.m.
one in three women around the world will be assaulted in their lifetime. retweet to help #breakthechain
watch adama fight cylon raiders in the latest episodes of #bsg: blood and chrome. so say we all.
[live now] watch rihanna performing live in london.
if you tweet a lot can you call yourself a journalist?
@mysteryguitarm - lookin' sharp!
[live now] interviews and more fun as music's big stars head down the red carpet for the #amas
aspiring voice actress @brizzyvoices impersonates some of your favorite youtube stars.
feeding nine billion people is a complicated endeavor. heres how it could be done.
princess leia stars in another welcome-to-the-fold #disney musical.
in the epic battle between cola-flavored soft drinks, who will be the winner?
how many human-rides can one furby handle?
looking for the right music video to kick off your weekend? the new one from metric might just do the trick.
.@justinbieber is helping three young children recover from a devastating car crash. retweet to #showyourhearts.
listen up. alicia keys is back, and she has something pretty big to share with her global fam this monday:
if you thought azealia banks last video was trippy, this short from bjork is likely to blow your mind.
youtube celeb @therealryanhiga has a message for his six million subscribers.
check out @javnet @brianrobbinstv and more in @tvguidemagazine's piece on our commitment to original programming:
super prankster @edbassmaster is back with his 500th video and hes shocked you dont remember him from high school.
its only a matter of time. rt @justinbieber: on its way to 100 million -
check out the new @youtube app for nintendo #wii in the us, more countries coming soon!
my morning jacket's singer is going solo. we wondered: what were the first solo vids from artists who began in groups?
supreme court justice sonia sotomayor makes a surprise visit to @sesamestreet to talk about careers.
an iconic band playing a legendary song in an exclusive video? enjoy the mighty led zeppelin.
what if iron man 3 lost its entire budget, but still managed to pull through?
can you spot the differences in these seemingly identical videos from @rhettandlink?
what happens when rap, rnb and edm collide? let ludacris and friends educate you.
who better to accompany psy during a #gangnam performance than the one and only hoff?
ms. frizzles students take a surprising trip to the underworld in the magic school bus  the movie.
making it easier to watch @youtube videos on tv
the theme song to skyfall, unplugged.
[live now]: roam the freezing tundra with a #bearcam:
all of octobers most awesome viral videos in under five minutes (via @thefinebros)
top youtube cover artist tyler ward takes on taylor swift. the result is amazing ...
help wish @sesamestreet a happy birthday by sharing a classic song about the most awesome bath toy ever.
its a furry mouse  its a mini-puppet  its the worlds smallest dog!
repeat after rihanna's latest video: youre beautiful, like diamonds in the sky. retweet
three bands, three freaking amazing animated videos. yep, it's #animationfriday!
the elections over, people  time to stop harassing your friends on social media.
youve seen the presidential victory speech, but have you heard the rap?
the latest video from lana del rey is smoking hot  and maybe a little spooky.
squawk! @angrybirds meets @starwars. the force is strong with this one.
shake it like a polar bear ninja to this medley of the most misheard song lyrics from the past 70 years.
princess leia gets a warm welcome and some valuable advice from her fellow #disney princesses.
if theres a funnier video about #pizza out there somewhere, wed love to hear about it.
starting soon: watch barack obama's presidential acceptance speech live from chicago:
the internets favorite rockstar violinist, @lindseystirling, shows some love to assassins creed.
it's election night in the u.s. watch the results live on @youtube
who is that in the new mumford and sons video? could it be... stringer bell?
imagine youre an adorable rodent with a voice like @rickygervais and a thirst for stardom. ready? go! 
beliebers gather round  this dog has something to say.
set aside your cares and take a trip to #disneyland with darth vader.
[live now] @neyocompound performs live on @youtube.
#hotcheetos are so popular they have their own rap song, but how long until theyre illegal?
tomorrow is election day in america and its time to get out there and #vote. but what happens after that?
jimmy kimmels back to pranking young children again  and it is hilarious.
help wish sean combs a happy birthday by retweeting this classic from his puffy days.
are you ready to get your sunday synth on? we're digging 'take my pain away' from genre-busting moullinex.
paris hilton hearts #kpop so much, she decided to become its latest star.
welcome to air new zealand. please turn off your phones, hide your magic rings and keep your hairy feet to yourself.
#kpop legends girls generation are back with a new video. how much flower power can one band have?!
get pumped for the weekend with this behind-the-scenes video of skrillex tearing down the house.
snoop lion drops the (super-cute) official video for #lalala.
those british scamps one direction are back with a new video. does "little things" make your heart melt? 
[timelapse]: watch hurricane #sandy from the 51st floor of the new york times building.
heroic sacrifices. a warthog chase. and, yes, master chief. its the epic season finale of #halo4fud:
dakota fanning and her friends from @wigs share their favorite youtube videos. what are yours?
kickin off #movember aussie style  with a plane!
here are the top five totally bogus internet predictions from some of the most brilliant minds of the #90s.
getting a boxee tv? check out the @youtube app to see the channels and videos you love.
these kids got 99 problems, but a witch aint one.
tomorrow is the first day of #movember. on your marks, get set  grow!
we cant offer any candy this #halloween, but we do have this playlist of horror films. watch at your own risk 
alright stop  collaborate and listen! its vanilla ices birthday.
impress your friends at tonights #halloween party by whipping out a few vampire numbers.
if you retweet this crazy video from @finalcutking your friends will scream.
justin bieber revealed his new owl tattoo over the weekend, but what are we supposed make of it?
youtube superstar tay zonday of chocolate rain fame lends his mystifying baritone to a classic horror tale.
so @bat_for_lashes made a haunted playlist for halloween. that rules!
[raw footage]: watch the u.s. coast guard rescue #sandy victims from life rafts in the atlantic ocean.
.@carlyraejepson gets an invite to the best costume party ever in her new video for #thiskiss:
[playlist]: watch a collection of reports on hurricane #sandy.
[live now]: get the latest breaking news on hurricane #sandy
[live now]: the latest forecasts and coverage of hurricane #sandy from @weatherchannel:
get prepped for #halloween shenanigans with this quick guide to scaring people.
youve officially been invited to an intimate sunset guitar session by the one and only @kinagrannis.
so tony hawk and ed bassmaster went to the beach and they were all like  pshhhh.
today is make a difference day. here are 22 small ways to do just that.
#modernfamily re-imagined as a horror movie. beware of cameron. hes not what he seems!!!
have you seen brad pitts chanel commercial? this dog definitely has.
not since thriller has a night of the living dead rocked this hard  with violins no less.
this might be the "yes we can" video for 2012 -- check out @fareastmovement's "for all."
hey @nardwuar. have you seen "seanwuar"?  via @seanmandela:
ever wanted to step inside a 90s video game? owl city are living the dream in their new video.
gather round kids  mystery guitar man has an awesome contest just for you.
these last-minute costumes might not win any prizes, but at least you wont have to be yourself for #halloween.
this ke$ha cover is being hyped by none other than @justinbieber. hope youre ready to blow up becky g!
if youre down a few trick-or-treat buddies this #halloween, you could always invite gwar.
.@rza and @theblackkeys join forces for "the baddest man alive." most. awesome. collabo. ever.
grab your board and get ready to hit the streets of nyc with rapping misfit jaden smith.
an acoustic guitar cover of skrillex? and they said it couldn't be done.
today is punk for a day day. heres everything youll need for a perfect mohawk.
all-star #kpop titans psy and hyuna are back  and this time they brought ice cream.
how much mascara do you think it takes to get that perfect #kpop look for #halloween?
srsly  does this analysis of textings effect on language make you rofl or cifp?
mad props to @googleplay for their mini-doc about rising emcee @kendricklamar. this guy is taking over:
the world series starts tonight, so we gathered some baseball music to get you in the mood. go [insert team here]!
for their second epic trick shot battle, the dudes of @dudeperfect hit the skatepark with a panda bear.
need some ideas for #halloween costumes that dont start with the word sexy? @emotistyles got your back.
.@xbox gamers, do you suffer from music video withdrawal? worry no more with the @youtube app.
willow smith takes a stab at covering adele. how do you think she did?
with his superior debate skills and knowledge of starships, is there any way @therealryanhiga can lose the election?
take a bike ride through the streets of philadelphia with a dude and his  kitten?!
[live now] papa roach are ready to rock the youtube office in california. tune in now!
mgmt, tnght, rndm...is there a vowel drought when it comes to naming new bands? we investigate.
searching for a #halloween costume? @glamourmag picked @youtube tutorials with ideas from frankenstein to beetlejuice
missed the final presidential #debate? watch the full replay of romney vs. obama at youtube:
live now: watch the final u.s. presidential debate from florida
this robots a little late to the #gangnam party, but hes got some sick moves, right?
first she drops the new "007" theme song and now we hear shes had a baby. congrats, adele  what a month!
a hot dog w/ #bacon? yes please. crif dogs in nyc delivers some gems on the latest the bacon show.
fun backstage with horatio!! (bonus zog eyes photobomb.) #losangeles #nokia #cleancutcomedy
surprise stand up tonight from @jayleno - so fun! goodbye los angeles and thanks. see you soon.
henry's hi-life for bbq. thanks, jimmy! #sanjose #bbq
loading up on some dick's before the show tonight. #paramount #seattle
thank you @kgwnews for the awesome pink box of voodoo. looking forward to coming back.
annd these awesome 30 pound sandwiches. #portland #nofilterimjustgettingfat
@princeamukamara: . @jimmyfallon let the roast begin
turkey.
had fun yesterday with @iamrashidajones and @carrieunderwood singing some new holiday songs. #upallnighttoeatturkey
happy thanksgiving everyone!! fun show tonight with @iamrashidajones, @carrieunderwood and music from @arianagrande. #latenight #lnjf
i'm on the sesame street float in the parade tomorrow! but it'll be awkward when big bird asks, "what're you having for dinner?" #fallonmono
tonight on the show: @edward_burns, @stevievanzandt, music from @flagaline and someone let @jeffanimalguy back in the building. #latenight
i had fun with the kids at @stjude with @savannahguthrie and @todayshow
shout out to some of the coolest kids ive ever met at @stjude! rematch?
tonight: @thehungergames josh hutcherson, founder of the improv budd friedman and music from @kelly_clarkson! 
tonight we've got @thehungergames' josh hutcherson, founder of the improv budd friedman and music from @kelly_clarkson!! #latenight #lnjf
happy thanksgiving week! new show tonight with @kellyripa, stephen moyer and music from mazzy star. #latenight #lnjf
@sean_rash hes weirdly great at everything. i need magic.
colbert and fallon: bfffomn!  (best friends forever for one more night!) this sun. 11/24 -  njpac 8pm -  
sokolowski's university inn - d e l i c i o u s! #cleveland
tonight we've got @sarahksilverman, @lennykravitz, @chefmikeanthony and #thankyounotes!! #latenight #lnjf
good morning!! today is going to be your lucky day!
really fun show tonight. we've got @liamhemsworth, snl's @bibbymoynihan and music from @sleighbells. #latenight #lnjf
will also unveiled the new "tonight show" theme.
.@jtimberlake got any ideas? december 21st snl
one thanksgiving, my mom had to bail my sister's boyfriend out of jail. at least we had something to talk about at dinner. #thanksgivingfail
hashtag game! tweet out something funny or embarrassing that happened on thanksgiving and tag with #thanksgivingfail. could be on our show!
tonight we've got @forestwhitaker, our pal @andy cohen showing off his new shotski and music from @cutcopy. fun show. #latenight #lnjf
.@billcosby see you saturday at 8 on cc.
the one and only @billcosby returns to the show tonight!! plus music from @thebonnieraitt and freestyling with @theroots. #latenight #lnjf
honored to be part of the show tonight. hello boston!
.@jeffallen71 thank you for appreciating the subtlety of that joke. have a good game.
thank you, balloon animals, for letting children experience the lifecycle of pets even faster than usual. #thankyounotefriday
last night, ice-t (@finallevel) and i had some fun with the new @playstation 4.
fun show tonight -- damian lewis (@lewis_damian), steve coogan and music from @sherylcrow! #latenight #lnjf
my uncle used to pin his pajamas to the bedsheet because he thought a ghost was pulling down his pants at night. #myweirdrelative
tonight we've got ice-t (@finallevel), a demo of the new @playstation 4 and music from @thomasrhett. #latenight #lnjf
thank you @gladwell for being on our show. the power of the underdog -
.@mariahcarey being super cool to some special fans:
thank you to @mariahcarey  and all of the lambs:
last night, @billycrystal and i used new technology to flip lips.
.@mariahcarey returns to the show tonight!! plus author malcolm @gladwell and music from @capitalcities. #latenight #lnjf
@timadamsphilly: would this beat your secret service coin? will it at least get me in the same bar!!
@jaseybot: celebrity whispers was so funny, i saw double for a couple of seconds @jimmyfallon @latenightjimmy ha. thanks.
hey everyone! stay up late tonight and watch our show. it will make tomorrow amazing! #guaranteed turn on nbc now.
did one of the funniest bits with @billycrystal tonight. #lipflip #stillfoolinem
tonight, the great @billycrystal is on the show!! plus, @evanrachelwood and music from @cherlloyd ft. @skeelo_musik. #latenight #lnjf
congrats @natebargatze on having the number 1 comedy album on itunes!!! thats awesome!!!
@govchristie people really seem to looooove that room. youre electric! get it? okay sorry.
thank you chicago and everyone at mr. beef. i wish i had more time to hang in your awesome city.
fun show tonight -- natalie portman, @tayediggs, great stand-up from @natebargatze + #thankyounotefriday. #latenight #lnjf
the decision. (american or lafayette coney) #detroit #both
i am having a conversation with stephen colbert (@stephenathome) nov. 24th in nj @montclairff!
justin bieber's been picking fights and spray-painting walls. at this point, he's just reenacting the opening to fresh prince. #fallonmono
id have the power to throw nails so i could work with thor to build a house. #mysuperpower
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a funny or crazy superpower you wish you had and tag with #mysuperpower. could be on our show!
last night, @gdelaurentiis and i lost to @lucyliu and @zacharyquinto in a game of catch phrase. still fun. #oatmeal
@paulteutulsr: you up for the #noshavenovember challenge? @occhoppers sorry, it takes me at least a month to grow facial hair. decembeard?
@hasselbeck: you were close! most likely to celebrate w/ #jazzhands was @cobyfleener.
dmx was arrested for driving with a suspended license. now he's lost his driver's license and hes changing his name to bmx." #fallonmono
@mwilmes: @jimmyfallon no commercials? weak fallon. oh yeah! commercials too!! thanks.
fresh new show tonight! iphone apps!!! monologue!!! closing credits!!!
@sylvialaureles cool! thanks.
we're back tonight with simon baker, @senjohnmccain and music from the dismemberment plan (@thedplan). #latenight #lnjf
@questlove ha. he knows what's goin on.
brooklynnnnnnnnn!!!!!
thank you, nyc marathon, for letting marathon runners do the one thing they love most: tell people they ran a marathon. #thankyounotefriday
no joke. harrison ford pierced my ear. then we wore matching earrings.
harrison ford pierced my ear on our show tonight. #therewillbeblood
tonight we've got harrison ford, @padmalakshmi and music from @bigsean ft. kid cudi. #latenight #lnjf
the most popular halloween costume in boston today was "hungover guy in the same clothes as yesterday." #fallonmono
tonight: @kerrywashington, jason schwartzman, 14 year-old chef flynn mcgarry (@diningwithflynn) and some halloween surprises. #latenight
congratulations boston!
fun show tonight. we've got @azizansari, @minkakelly and music from @theweeknd. #latenight #lnjf
hugh laurie is officially on twitter. but you'd never guess his name - it's @jlumbrozo. seriously. it is. welcome hugh.
74% of americans hand out candy to trick-or-treaters. the other 26% spend 3 hours hiding in the living room with the lights out. #fallonmono
tonight, we're playing a new game "singing password" with hugh laurie and @celinedion. gonna be fun. #latenight #lnjf
@tessashull: @jimmyfallon, craig's halloweenie song was hilariously clever! #jimmyfallon i agree. both were great.
tonight @pearljam is back again!! they perform + i talk with eddie. plus, javier bardem and it's #thankyounotefriday! #latenight
i'm loving @benschilibowl and because i'm in dc i had to get my exercise in for @flotus. #letsmove
loving benschilibowl and because i'm in dc i had to get my exercise in for flotus. #letsmove
soooo many choices - but i went with dalessandro's. made with love. thanks philly!
@stereogum: watch @pearljam finish p j week by playing "sirens"
egg russian roulette with @edwardnorton
also tonight, we're playing a game with @edwardnorton and talking with my pal @juddapatow. gonna be a good show. #latenight #lnjf
excited to have @pearljam on the show!! they're here tonight and tomorrow, doing songs from their new album "lightning bolt". #pearljamweek
the white house fired an official for anonymously tweeting internal info. the guy said he was sorry. then he added #notsorry. #fallonmono
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a funny rap about halloween and tag with #halloweenrap. could be on our show!
oh and @dierksbentley and @mikemccreadypj are doing "alive" tonight!! sounds amazing. #latenight #pearljamweek
tonight we've got @itsjuliebowen, mandy patinkin and continuing #pearljamweek @dierksbentley with @mikemccreadypj!! #latenight #lnjf
hey guys, send us funny screengrabs you find online. well put our favorites on the show. submit here:
the economy added 148 thousand jobs last month. of course, all those people were hired to fix the obamacare website. #fallonmono
rt @nerdist: new all star bowling! team fallon @questlove @80miles @higbones vs me ...
saw bad grandpa last night. hilarious, irreverent and totally charming. congrats to @realjknoxville and everyone at @dickhouseworld.
tonight: @realjknoxville, @haileesteinfeld and #pearljamweek continues with a performance of "corduroy" by fleet foxes' robin pecknold. #lnjf
alec baldwin (@abfalecbaldwin) spits when he talks.
rt@thewritenotes: check out @chriscornell and @theavettbros cover of @pearljams footsteps
thank you @abfalecbaldwin for one of our best moments on late night. that was so fun!
mark zuckerberg bought the 4 homes around his to have extra privacy. hes so rich, hes actually blocking people in real life. #fallonmono
jumping bear
pearl jam week starts tonight!!!
okay - t'was an easy one - it's fairview farrrrrrrrrm!!!! thanks for playing "know your corn mazes!"
.@drewbarrymore you ready?
ha! thanks to the guys over at ask this old house (@asktoh).
.@thezog keeping it classy for the clean cut comedy tour.
@dougiedancing: thank you for bringing your comedy tour to tampa!! you were all hilarious and i had a blast!! best night ever &lt;3 thanks!
@mariobatali you missed me though. right?
thank you thezog for keeping it classy for the clean cut comedy tour. #nsfwonderwoman
goodbye tampa!! thank you for the cuban sandwich. it's awesome!!
@tvstacie see you at the show tonight. thanks for the fun!
@orlandoscience next time. ill be back.
.@wesh ill be on in 2 minutes!!
good morning orlando. im in town. where should i go for something local and fun for lunch?
funny show tonight by these 4 comedians: @nickthune @natebargatze @julezmac @thezog.
thank you atlanta and the varsity and fo's and benny benson.
thanks to my atl pal @ninadobrev for lip syncing with me tonight. you killed it!!!
just finished sound check at cobb. get ready atlanta!! #ccc
.@bradpaisley thanks again buddy. #biym
@tvismylife01: look who was at the station today!...@bradpaisley  and @jimmyfallon!
props to all the staff and anchors at @ksdknews. fun hanging with you guys! #stl
thank you st. louis!!! first night of clean cut tour - so fun!! great city.
thank you, bars that have dart boards, for supplying drunk people with sharp objects to throw. #thankyounotefriday
tonight we've got keanu reeves, benedict cumberbatch and music from @mymorningjacket. plus, it's #thankyounotefriday!! #latenight #lnjf
tonight we've got @katyperry, @jessseinfeld and music from @brianwilsonlive and @jeffbeckmusic. #latenight #lnjf
from last night, @ylvis performing "the fox" live on our show. so much fun.
what does the fox say? @questlove @ylvis
starbucks in the uk are selling a new half-donut, half-muffin pastry called the duffin. beats the other name for it: the muffnut #fallonmono
one of our writers starts off every date by asking the girl who her favorite harry potter character is. #whyimsingle
hashtag game! tweet out a funny or embarrassing reason why you or someone you know is single and tag with #whyimsingle. could be on our show!
tonight: alan rickman, @chloegmoretz and, straight from norway, @ylvis doing a live performance of "the fox"!! #latenight #whatthefoxsay
.@mileycyrus, me andthe roots sing "we can't stop" a cappella
tonight, @mileycyrus is on the show!! many fun things planned. #latenight #lnjf #wecantstop #wewontstop
#accents
@ryankooi7: @paulmccartney i invented the #selfie and the #photobomb on @jimmyfallon  priceless who knew?
vladimir putin lit the olympic torch and minutes later a gust of wind blew it out. related: the wind is now missing. #fallonmono
@customer_12: @jimmyfallon @paulmccartney so jealous! is he taking requests?? its honestly insane right now. this is brilliant.
.@paulmccartney is ripping it up in our studio right now. mini concert. its insane. new is out october 15.
@fox19 i believe i am. where should i eat?
snl miley now.
promo for our show tonight.
@kimkhazeion7 thanks for the book!!
goodbye boston! honored to have made the wall at union oyster house.
tonight! @artiequitter, @tavitulle, music from @phantogram plus it's #thankyounotefriday. #latenight #lnjf
disney world is helping employees sign up for obamacare. now sneezy is on claritin, sleepy is on adderall and grumpy is on prozac. #fallonmono
tonight: my pal @mariobatali is back on the show!! plus @meredithvieira and your #momtexts tweets in late night hashtags! #latenight #lnjf
@hooliganrn8051: @jimmyfallon you don't like mushrooms or mayo?!?  are you human??? not sure.
@davidagreco: @jimmyfallon what do you not like (besides mayonnaise)? mushrooms.
i once got a text from my mom that said, "how do you turn caps lock off??" #momtexts
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out something funny, weird, or embarrassing your mom texted and tag with #momtexts. could be on our show!
tonight: paul giamatti, anthony mackie and music from @msmrsounds. plus, audience suggestion box!! #latenight #lnjf
@courtneybayne cute kid!
tigersonagoldleash
@erilala: @jimmyfallon is trending in iowa too! xo thats what imtalking about!!! iowa!!
rewind and watch again. its great. #lorde
@pulmyears she was fantastic
#lorde
the avett brothers sing heavy metal
congrats to my man @jtimberlake on the release of the 20/20 experience 2 of 2. keep killing it dude!
tonight: @rebelwilson, @joelosteen and a performance of "royals" by @lordemusic!! #latenight #lnjf
just a glimpse of what goes on behind the scenes of rehearsal at our show. this is from last friday.
tonight we've got @kevin_nealon, elizabeth olsen and music from @theavettbros + @chriscornell!! #latenight #lnjf
props to bedford cheese shop on irving (nyc) and all of the cool kids that work there for selling
tight! tight! tight! #breakingbadfinale
just saw an ad for the show that i am currently watching. awesome.
more ads please. thanks.
rt @gqmagazine: our friend j fallon wins for the best @breakingbad_amc parody ever:
@mspenny21: "your default expression is that of someone who is right on the cusp of laughter" - james spader. what a great compliment! ha.
watching the season premiere of saturday night live. go tina!!
haven't done one of these in a while.  

also il volo is sold out tonight. so... come watch late
lip syncn with these guys @stephenmerchant @hitrecordjoe was fun.
@johncena im down. #youhavetoaskjustin
"ew!" with me and @lindsaylohan
aande canceled "hoarders." but viewers will never delete the dozens of episodes on their dvr because they might need them one day. #fallonmono
playing a new game with my pal tina fey on the show tonight! #latenight #lnjf
me, @sesamestreet and the roots sing the "sesame street" theme with
classroom instruments.
a study says new yorkers are some of the most honest people in the world. and on that note, i didn't really read that study. #fallonmono
walt hands his drug empire over to a more worthy meth cook: bill nye the science guy. #fakebreakingbadspoilers
me and @jtimberlake show you what a twitter conversation sounds like in real life. #hashtag
tonight: michael j. fox (@realmikefox), @blakeshelton + music from @kingsofleon!! #latenight #lnjf
rt @questlove: most epic lipsync ever: "boom shake the room"will never be the same
.@jtimberlake #hashtag #twentytwenty
epic lip sync battle tonight on #latenight
.@bigjoefauria tune in tonight. were proud of you. #latenight
we're back with a new show tonight! @hitrecordjoe, @stephenmerchant and music from @theavettbros!! #latenight #lnjf
@spinpong: congratulation to jf for winning the best spin story!
@camheyward: thanks for the shout out @jimmyfallon
hey @tim_cook. fyi i went with the champagne gold.
plus, i'm on the tonight show with @jayleno tonight!! 1135 nbc. #magicoftelevision
tonight we've got james spader, @kateupton, photographer neal preston, chef @ilanhall and #thankyounotefriday. #latenight #lnjf
download the new @elviscostello album featuring @theroots wise up ghost on itunes right now.
tonight @realhughjackman is back on the show!! plus author gillian flynn and more music from @elviscostello and @theroots! #latenight #lnjf
from last night: opera singer @richardtroxell performs the "meow mix" jingle
piatas
happy sugar hill birthday to my man @mariobatali and everyone born on september 19th!
thank you for all of the nice happy birthday messages. you guys are awesome!
my teacher used to call quizzes "quizzicles." you don't want to know what he called "tests." #myweirdteacher
also, let's play the hashtag game! tweet something funny or weird about one of your teachers and tag w/ #myweirdteacher. could be on our show!
tonight: @rushthemovie's chris hemsworth, @tonydanza and music from @jackjohnson!! #latenight #lnjf
tonight: @jtimberlake is back for another #timberlaketuesday!! plus, orlando bloom and music from @elviscostello and @theroots. #latenight
freestyling with my mom! take a video of your mom rapping, upload to youtube and it could be on the show! details:
joe flacco missed his son's birth so he could play against the browns. even the baby said, "seriously--the browns??" #fallonmono
watching my pal @iamqueenlatifah right now. so fun. congrats la!!! #queenlatifah
we are doing a cool contest on @youtube you guys!! announcing this week. subscribe to our channel.
the evolution of end zone dancing w/ @jtimberlake 
tonight we're playing charades with scarlett johansson and @drake, music from @drake ft. sampha and it's #thankyounotefriday. fun. #latenight
@aaronpaul_8: @jimmyfallon love you bitch!!!!  #jokingbad their parody/tribute to #breakingbad
thank you for my gift @questlove.
.@rickygervais was so funny last night. here he is answering questions from his "twonks".
i am the one who knocks.
@americanslang21: extra points for @bryancranston and the pizza toss! #jokingbad
here we go. #jokingbad part 2!
of course @iamcolinquinn steals the show. thank you colin. stay tuned more to come
watch how great our head writer @80miles is as hank in our breaking bad parody in 7 minutes! #jokingbad  #breakingbad #latenight #nbc
anthony weiner flipped off reporters after losing last night. then new yorkers said, "hey, maybe he is the right guy for mayor! #fallonmono
preview for tonights show. biggest digital original yet!
our @breakingbad_amc parody "joking bad" is on the show tonight! thanks @bryancranston, @aaronpaul_8 and @mrbobodenkirk!!
hashtag game! tweet out something weird or funny about a roommate you've had and tag with #myroommateisweird. could be on our show!
set your dvrs tonight for the premiere of our @breakingbad_amc parody "joking bad" 12:37 nbc #latenight #jokingbad
me and @jtimberlake get you ready for nfl sunday with "the evolution of end zone dances"
obama had 2 separate lunches with republicans and democrats today. then chris christie said, maybe i do want to be president. #fallonmono
from last night's show, @kanyewest performs "bound 2" with charlie wilson and @theroots:
tonight: michelle pfeiffer, david cross, music from @volcanochoir, pros and cons of the new #iphone5s + something very fun. #latenight #lnjf
martin short is always funny.
tonight on @latenightjimmy :@iamsteveharvey, the cast of @duckdynastyae and @kanyewest! #lnjf
.@kanyewest surprises late night and performs bound 2 w/@theroots and kills it. #latenight #nbc
hey guys! @rickygervais is on our show wednesday and he'll be answering twitter questions from fans. tweet yours and tag with #askricky!
icymi on friday, @arianagrande sings raps songs in the style of broadway musicals.
tonight we've got @iamsteveharvey + the guys from @duckdynastyae. #latenight #lnjf #quack
okay, @millionseconds i got the app and im good at it. but does knowing @ryanseacrest make me ineligible? #msq #ithinkthisshowwillwork
two athletes. (@80miles)
thank you @tamarbraxtonher for hanging out with us tonight. congrats on the new album! its a great show.
thank you, flamingos, for being swans that are stuck in the 80s. #thankyounotefriday
.@arianagrande congrats on the new album - funny bit tonight. thanks!
.@newpolitics performing harlem on our show tonight was just awesome. such high energy and a knock out performance. thanks guys!!
the ravens play the broncos in the nfl opener tonight. yeah, 3 hours of peyton manning  and that's just the commercials. #fallonmono
tonight we've got steve buscemi, @bethenny frankel, chef daniel humm and from @nbcagt illusionists leon etienne and romy low. #latenight #lnjf
research says facebook has changed how our brains work. before facebook, when you said you liked something, you actually did. #fallonmono
special hashtag game! steve buscemis on the show, so tweet something funny/weird you want him to say and hell say it! tag w/ #makebuscemisay
fun show tonight. @heidiklum, mayor @corybooker, music from @thejulieruin + the puppy predictors predict thursday's nfl season opener. #lnjf
mark zuckerberg has launched a new project to bring internet access to everyone in the world. it's called, starbucks. #fallonmono
we are back with a brand new late night tonight in our new studio!! (it looks like the old one. but ill explain tonight.) see ya!
@kimmyfalpal: if you haven't already, make sure to 'subscribe' to the @jimmyfallon youtube page!
gonna rt @perlapell for a while now. because she is awesome.
just remembering a deece capri sun moment with my man @justinbieber.
goodbye, gus. i loved you.
tweet me if you need a hint for one across.  #nytimes
catching up on inside @amyschumer season one on apple tv. its great.
hey @yankees fans - derek jeter is about to step up to the plate to the song @theroots and i made for him. go crazy!!!
thank you mtv. its always so fun. #mtvvmas
honored to present @jtimberlake with the michael jackson video vanguard award tonight. #aintnolie #vmas
on my way to vma's. opening jam?
hey @drewbarrymore @instyle can you finish this rhyme? jamming with my boombox, walking 30 miles #askdrewinstyle
@higgyg23: without people like jf i wouldnt create stuff like this. thanks jim

sorry for any confusion. my dog is happy and healthy and just taking care of her little sister.
@froggyradio: @jimmyfallon hey jimmy! what kind of dog is that? golden retriever.
thank you, @savannahguthrie. pie to come.
@fastfreddy623 shes awesome! we love her.
@todayshow: tomorrow on today: brother of alleged #whiteybulger victim, johnny cash + @jimmyfallon fun!
coming in september #jokingbad #breakingbad #talkingbad #latenight
thank you, french fries, for looking like something youd send mr. potato head in the mail to get ransom money. #thankyounotefriday
got a fun show tonight. @vanessahudgens, @iamjohnoliver and music from @earlxsweat. #latenight #lnjf
on my way to see #elvisduran and @elvisduranshow @ rockefeller center. its too early man. good morning?
@todayshow: why is @savannahguthrie wearing glasses this morning? an incident involving @jimmyfallon and banana cream pie. ha!
yaaaah!!! this week was so fun. @jtimberlake: what's better than #sharkweek this week? #timberweek all next week! #backbypopulardemand
@everyday418: @jimmyfallon you mean to tell me your favorite player isnt nomar???? oh  yeah. hes my man too.
my favorite baseball player ever - @yankees derek jeter on the show tonight. weve got new walk out songs for him. #latenight
.@robertsemma no cronut? i dont think so.
a lost orson welles film was just found, called "too much johnson." anthony weiner said, great, now what do i call my memoirs? #fallonmono
congrats to my man @robinthicke -- #1 album and the #1 single at the same time!! and thanks again for this!
tonight: the @yankees' derek jeter, emma roberts (@robertsemma), music from @jakeowen + your #ifiwonthepowerball tweets. #latenight #lnjf
a study found most americans don't want to live to 120. but there's one group that does want to live to 120: people who are 119. #fallonmono
i'd buy mount rushmore and add harry styles' face to it. #ifiwonthepowerball
hashtag game! tweet out something weird or funny you'd do if you won the powerball and tag with #ifiwonthepowerball. could be on our show!
tonight on the show: @amandaseyfried, fran lebowitz and music from @bretteldredge. #latenight #lnjf
brian williams raps young mc's "bust a move"
hey guys, send us funny screengrabs you find online. well put our favorites on the show. submit here:
tonight: @janefonda, steve and monica ward from vh1's "tough love", music from @headandtheheart + @nilerodgers sits in with the roots. #lnjf
@elvisduran happy birthday!
tonight on the show we've got @sethmeyers, @lilycollins and music from @2chainz!! #latenight #lnjf
tonight @robinthicke returns to perform "blurred lines" live + @bryancranston, @common and miranda hart!! #latenight #lnjf
blurred lines only using classroom instruments. subscribe to our @youtube channel and comment please.
props to @theacademy for bringing back @theellenshow to host the oscars again. we will all be watching.
blurred lines #1 worldwide trend on twitter!! thanks guys.
everybody get up!
music room: robin thicke, @theroots and i sing blurred lines using grade school instruments.
21-9 #prince
celebrity wife swap was just renewed for a third season. or as anthony weiner's wife put it, no. #fallonmono
tonight we've got jennifer aniston, @lennykravitz + new music from goodie mob!! #latenight #lnjf
.@simonpegg as "drunk ron weasley"
simon cowell is expecting a baby! he was at baby gap shopping for t-shirts and said, hey, i should get some for the baby too. #fallonmono
swimmin' in the ocean and you see a little motion - here comes the big fin, sharky wants his din-din! #sharkrap
if you have never heard of a cronut - you will after tonight. a donut but better. new yorkers will tell you - game changer.
fun new bit we did on the show this week: "screen grabs"
tonight we've got @tyrabanks, @simonpegg and chef @dominiqueansel showing me and @questlove how to make cronuts. #latenight #lnjf #funkincronuts
thank you @bradpaisley, for doing a bit tonight. it will make the world a better place. #biym #funtimes
if you haven't seen our show before, tonight's the night to stay up. it's like a party -- so much fun. 12:37 on nbc. #latenight #lnjf
tonight: the one and only @dan_aykroyd! plus, @paulapattonxo, @bookertjones sitting in with the roots + music from @bradpaisley. #latenight
nbc announced a new miniseries about hillary clinton, starring diane lane as hillary. or as bill put it, can i play myself? #fallonmono
fun monday show. @mark_wahlberg, poppy montgomery and music from @thevirgins. #latenight #lnjf
radioactive with @imaginedragons tonight on late night. play it loud!!!
tonight we've got @lievschreiber, @andersonanthony and music from @imaginedragons!! #latenight #lnjf
.@thelonelyisland (feat @theroots) live on @latenightjimmy watch:
stay up for late night. andy and the dudes play with @theroots on #yolo from the wack album. they kill it live. #wack #latenightfallon
hi.
i would like to introduce... winnie rose fallon.
tonight we've got andy samberg + a performance from @thelonelyisland, @shailenewoodley and music from new order! #latenight #lnjf
my mom used to make me drink beef blood to get stronger. every time she made roast beef, it was like game of thrones. #parentfail
hashtag game! tweet out a funny parenting mistake you or your own parents have made and tag with #parentfail. could be on our show!
we are back with a brand new show tonight with hugh jackman and a bunch of fun surprises. check it out. #latenight
kate middleton went into labor this morning. when the rest of the royal family heard, they said, "oh my god -- what's 'labor'?" #fallonmono
@doctorfollowill you guys destroyed tonight. thank you and happy belated.
tonight we've got @howiemandel, eliot spitzer and music from the great @kingsofleon!! #latenight #lnjf
trending 2 and 3. come on west coast!! (san fran) #havemercy #jesseandtherippers
becky #havemercy
yay!!! here we go!! #jesseandtherippers #latenightfallon
i love that #havemercy is trending. #jesseandtherippers is on #latenightfallon right now!!
here we go jesse and the rippers right now. nbc.
#jesseandtherippers #latenightfallon #havemercy
tonight: jesse and the rippers perform on late night!! #latenight #fullhouse
of course super thanks to everyone who watches our show. we wouldnt be us without you. #emmy
so much good stuff tonight. ryan reynolds, @bobsaget, music from @falloutboy + michael winslow sitting in with the roots! #latenight #lnjf
so psyched about the emmy nom. also our musical guest this friday night is jesse and the rippers. #emmy
we had a great year. congrats to everyone at late night. we work so hard. #emmy
the queen legalized gay marriage in the uk today. she said it's not always tea and crumpets. sometimes it's just 2 crumpets. #fallonmono
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out something funny about how hot it is and tag with #itssohot. could be on our show!
fun show tonight. catherine zeta-jones, @iamcolinquinn, music from @gogolbordello, a new #suggestionbox and day 3 of #permweek. #latenight
pros and cons of being an mlb all-star
great live version of goody two shoes by adam ant (@adamaofficial)
tonight: bruce willis, mama june from "here comes honey boo boo" and music from @mayerhawthorne. plus, day two of #permweek! #latenight #lnjf
@andrewdodson: whos excited for @jimmyfallon on friday? jesse and the rippers from #fullhouse is performing!
thanks to new york @mets' @mattharvey33 for doing a bit with us tonight. you've got a great career in comedy ahead of you my man.
thank you everyone over @iheartjimmycom - hope you liked the interview as much as i did being interviewed. fun.
tonight: the hilarious kristen wiig, @nickcannon and music from adam ant (@adamaofficial)! also, the return of #permweek!! #latenight #lnjf
best dining experience ever! 11 madison park in nyc. the. best. props to will, chef humm and kit.
thank you, zoos, for making me imagine animals looking at each other and going, what are you in for? #thankyounotefriday
tonight we've got kristin scott thomas, sam rockwell and music from @ciara ft. future. plus, #thankyounotefriday! #latenight #lnjf
tonight on the show: #grownups2's salma hayek pinault, charlie day and chef april bloomfield! plus, your #fakejayzlyrics! #latenight #lnjf
espn the magazine is releasing its body issue, with athletes posing nude. along with the same promise as always: no bowlers. #fallonmono
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out some funny or silly made-up rap lyrics and tag with #fakejayzlyrics. could be on our show!
it's someone's birthday today. happy 1st birthday to my dog gary!! #happybdaygary
my man @adamsandler will be on the show tonight! #grownups2 this friday.
@krisjenner: guess who i found at 30 roc??!! doing fallon tonite for @krisjennershow love you
good show tonight: @davidspade, @krisjenner and music from @_mudhoney. #latenight #lnjf
nsa whistleblower edward snowden has asylum offers in venezuela, nicaragua and bolivia. or as snowden put it, prison it is! #fallonmono
hey guys, were looking for funny stuff you find online for a new bit called screen grabs. submit here:
annd were back!
all new late night starting tonight!!! #latenight
#goandy #wimbledon #espn
london photo w/@serafinowicz and some vandal shoved his phone up his nose and a pizza napkin up mine.
@kristenspada happy birthday!
@falpal_1237 happy birthday
men's room. women's room.
thanks everyone for your "gaming with my mom" videos and thanks to your awesome moms. 
tonight: jason statham, @adrianpeterson, the guys from @recordsetter, music from @zedd and for #videogameweek super mario 3d world! #latenight
the white house staff played softball vs. a team of marijuana lobbyists. there were like 20 hits before the game even started. #fallonmono
new game called "15 seconds of fame" send funny video tagged w/ #fallon15
tonight: @kevinhart4real, @oliviamunn, music from @chvrches + for day 3 of #videogameweek we've got @watchdogsgame. #latenight
obama will meet some regular americans to hear their thoughts about government surveillance. or more accurately, re-hear them. #fallonmono
walking out of the ocean trying to look cool. huge wave knocked me over and pulled my shorts down. bloody knees, out of breath etc. #beachfail
hashtag game! tweet out a funny, weird, or embarrassing beach story that happened to you and tag with #beachfail. could be on our show!
fun show tonight. @kevinhart4real, @oliviamunn, music from @chvrches + for day 3 of #videogameweek we've got @watchdogsgame. #latenight
tonight @jerryseinfeld performs stand up and @icecube performs it was a good day such a fun show. #latenight
tonight: the one and only @jerryseinfeld, music from @icecube + a demo of knack on @sony's @playstation 4. #latenight #lnjf #videogameweek
an hbo exec will be the ambassador to spain. when asked how he'll improve relations with spain, he said, "uh...sex and dragons?" #fallonmono
happy fathers day to my dad and also to my biological father @kanyewest. #happyfathersday
trending..
thank you, hors doeuvres, for being appetizers that moved to france and got all snooty. #thankyounotefriday
frog lawn mower
my weekend is gone. #videogameweek starts monday on our show. i cannot wait. #latenight
tonight we've got @adamlevine, cedric the entertainer (@cedentertainer) and music from @arianagrande with @macmiller! #latenight #lnjf
shout out to #crazynicecanada
a 97-year-old man in ny graduated from high school. he pulled a pretty good senior prank: he closed his eyes for a few seconds. #fallonmono
tonight we've got julia louis-dreyfus (@officialjld), @valekilmer, comedian @natebargatze + your #dadquotes tweets! #latenight #lnjf
slow jam the news with @govchristie 
@jennettemccurdy: whos gonna watch @jimmyfallon tonight?! i had the best time on it! come back whenever. we love you.
the return of tebowie tonight on late night. #patriots #newengland #latenight #manofsteel #e3
a stranger tried to give my mom the heimlich when she was choking, and my dad said, "mind your own business." #dadquotes
let's play the hashtag game! tweet a funny, weird, or embarrassing thing your dad has said and tag with #dadquotes. could be on our show!
video game week starts monday!
tonight on @latenightjimmy: @govchristie, @jennettemccurdy, @mariobatali and sons benno and leo.  its gonna be fun. #latenight
@pascalandre16: unreal guests on fallon tonight. bound to be one for the books @sethrogen @thelumineers jacobs patience weed shop.
patriots signed tim tebow. when asked how hell adjust to being booed by jets fans, tebow said, what do you mean adjust to? #fallonmono
play a video game with your mom and youtube it. could be on the show! #gamingwithmymom #videogameweek
@rowlwithkelly: @kellyrowland just gave one of the best if not her best performances vocally ever on @jimmyfallon agreed. shes great.
obama just met with chinese president xi jinping. obama asked china to stop spying on america. then jinping said, you first. #fallonmono
future hat head courtesy of my new best friend @russellcrowe. #manofsteel
tonight we've got @russellcrowe, sofia coppola, jamie king and music from @kellyrowland featuring @wizkhalifa. #latenight #lnjf
congrats to @actuallynph on a knockout performance hosting the tonys. great stuff.
bri wi raps warren g (@regulator)
.@robdelaney 15 dunkin donuts glazed donut breakfast sandwiches. #funkingonuts
fun show tonight - #thankyounotes, playing a game with @actuallynph, talk with @jimgaffigan and music from @thekingdream. #latenight #lnjf
the nsa has been collecting the records of verizon customers. which explains verizon's new ad campaign, they can hear you now. #fallonmono
the ragtime gals perform a barbershop version of "i wanna sex you up"
tonight on the show: christopher meloni, @catdeeley and great music from broken social scene feat. feist! #latenight #lnjf
brian williams sings snoop. thanks @jmacmusic.
fire alarm at the theater. i might have to see before midnight after midnight.
color me badd meets barbershop tonight on late night.
tiger woods is signing a new deal with nike. which explains nikes new slogan: just do it...but do it more discreetly this time. #fallonmono
my girlfriend told me about her valentine's day plans ... with her new boyfriend. #howigotdumped
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a funny or embarrassing way you've been dumped and tag with #howigotdumped. could be on our show!
@stereogum: watch @savagesband absolutely wreck shop on @jimmyfallon
the company behind words with friends slashed 520 jobs. employees were mad but had an easy time coming up with 4 letter words. #fallonmono
bruce jenner really made me s q u i r m tonight. phew!! i think we put aside our differences. #latenight
starbucks is banning smoking within 25 feet of its stores. it's tricky since every starbucks is 25 feet from another starbucks. #fallonmono
back with new shows tonight!! nathan lane, zoe kravitz, music from tomahawk and the latest edition of our #donotread list. #latenight #lnjf
happy birthday @bravoandy!! did you ever have a snoopy themed party when you were little? #wwhl
serious thanks to hair dept, makeup, wardrobe, sets and our writers and directors.
.@gameofthrones fans, please enjoy our version #gameofdesks. thank you.
dance off: @thezog vs. @harry_styles. #thistimeitspersonal
happy birthday to our awesome producer @gavinpurcell!! have a great one.
@david_e_lozano: jfallon and company killed this! graphics/hair/wardrobe/everything was sick! #gameofdesks
yay!!! thank you!
right now nbc!
here we go! #gameofdesks
tell your friends to watch late night right now. #gameofdesks
tell people to watch.
hey watch now.
if youve never seen our show - please watch tonight and see what we do. i hope you enjoy it. #latenightwithjimmyfallon
.@josswhedon fun time tonight. thank you.
tonight! @realpaulwalker, @josswhedon, music from @tmbg and the premiere of #gameofdesks!! #latenight #lnjf
@josswhedon the time has come.
.@forvel hard at work on the edit of our new digital original game of desks. tonight on late night. #gameofdesks
more teens are ditching facebook for instagram and twitter. or as they told their parents, nothing and don't worry about it. #fallonmono
more teens are ditching facebook for instagram and twitter. or as they told their parents, nothing and don't worry about it. #fallonmono
game of desks tomorrow on late night. #gameofdesks
anthony weiner's new campaign commercial
hey @wendywilliams - nice cameo in world war z. #worldwarz
high school dropout david karp sold tumblr for $1.1 billion. or as high school guidance counselors put it, "today's gonna suck!" #fallonmono
i had a used nissan with a fake 80s car phone built into it. i used to drive around pretending to make calls on it. #worstcarieverhad
hashtag game! tweet out something funny or weird about the worst car you've ever had and tag with #worstcarieverhad. could be on our show!
we're nominated for a critics' choice television award!  so happy and proud.  we have such an amazing team. 
the hilarious @danacarvey is back on the show tonight!! also, elizabeth moss and music from @bobbymcferrin. #latenight #lnjf
a teen invented a device that recharges cell phones in 20 seconds. good for her, bad for the kid who made a paper mache volcano. #fallonmono
game of desks day 2. airs this friday on late night. thanks to amazing wardrobe, hair, makeup and sets.
tonight on @latenightjimmy: @azizansari, gillian anderson (@gilliana) and music from @jcolenc. #latenight #lnjf
taylor swift won 8 billboard awards last night. she thanked her crew, her fans, and adele for not making an album last year. #fallonmono
fun shoot today. look for game of desks this friday on late night. #gameofdesks
tonight: colin farrell, jaden smith (@officialjaden), celeb apprentice's trace adkins and @pennjillette + music from @ahmir. #latenight #lnjf
thank you, croissants, for letting me know how annoying someone is based on how they pronounce you. #thankyounotefriday
fun friday show tonight! new game with @zoesaldana, chris o'dowd (@bigboyler), music from de la soul and #thankyounotes. #latenight #lnjf
a life-sized barbie dreamhouse just opened in florida. it's really neat and tidy, which means its just like ken: no junk. #fallonmono
on tonight's show - @mindykaling, @thetimmcgraw + your #awkwardpromstory hashtags. #latenight #lnjf
my date went tanning the night before. i did not. i looked like powder. #awkwardpromstory
hashtag game! tweet an awkward or embarrassing thing that happened to you on prom night and tag w/#awkwardpromstory. could be on our show!
tonight we've got julie bowen (@itsjuliebowen), demi lovato (@ddlovato) + music from @theflaminglips! #latenight #lnjf
tonight! matt lauer (@mlauer), @kenjeong and music from phoenix! plus, an all new wheel of carpet samples! #latenight #lnjf
.@strombone1 if it makes you feel any better, ive got the same exact physique as boo berry.
.@strombone1 all i meant is that youre delicious, nutritious, and part of a balanced breakfast.
thank you, my 9th grade english teacher mrs. garrison, for totally spoiling the end of "the great gatsby movie 26 years ago. #thankyounotes
tonight we've got @llcoolj, alyson hannigan (@alydenisof) and benedict cumberbatch. plus, #thankyounotes and night news now! #latenight #friday
this week is the 10th anniversary of linkedin. which is weird, because on linkedin it says it has 15 years of experience. #fallonmono
on tonight's show: jane lynch, @gameofthrones's nikolaj coster-waldau, more music from @ladyantebellum and your #momquotes! #latenight #lnjf
bill clinton said hillary hasn't said anything to him about 2016. but in fairness, she hasn't said anything to him since 1998. #fallonmono
"dad and i got tickets to lollapalooza -- they're our favorite group." #momquotes
tonight! our pal rachael @maddow returns to the show + @startrek's @zacharyquinto and great music from @ladyantebellum!! #latenight #lnjf
from last night, lip sync off with @johnkrasinski:
.@johnkrasinski killed it on tonights show. #latenight #teenagedream
@crushabledotcom: this @stevemartintogo entrance on @jimmyfallon is the best thing you'll watch today
fun show tonight with @stevemartintogo, @ediebrickell (great song) and @jennafischer. wish i couldve been there.
the dems 2016 primary could be hillary vs. biden. biden's calling her a worthy opponent, while hillary's calling him practice. #fallonmono
thank you, cinco de mayo, for being spanish for cancel tomorrow. #thankyounotefriday
tonight: carey mulligan, alexander skarsgrd and @johndensmore from @thedoors! plus, music from @therealeve and #thankyounotes! #latenight #lnjf
so if you ever wanted to spend some time online watching other people make pizzas, maybe that's why she left you. #fallonmono (2/2)
tonight! zach galifianakis (@galifianakisz) + isla fisher + advertising legend george lois + music from @iconapop.  #latenight #lnjf
a @kickstarter for a documentary about dr. demento? i love him. let's make this happen. 
did you see @johnny_marr performing how soon is now?? on the show last night?
google glass lets users send tweets with their eyes. your hands remain completely free  or as anthony weiner put it, jackpot!#fallonmono
i'd have the power to dvr three shows at the same time. but not four. that would be my weakness. #ifihadasuperpower
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a funny or crazy superpower you wish you had and tag with #ifihadasuperpower. could be on our show!
the price of gold has recently fallen to its lowest level in over two years. yeah, even mr. t was like, "i pity myself?" #fallonmono
ask jimmy is back! i answered a bunch of your questions about the show and other stuff. more soon!
good morning! fun show coming tonight. winona ryder, @marcmaron, music from @kennychesney + the return of wax on wax off! #latenight #lnjf
packed show tonight! @rebelwilson, anthony @bourdain, @thegarybusey and stand-up from @unforettable! #latenight #lnjf
thank you, fruit bowls, for being a decorative way to let things rot. #thankyounotefriday
the great amy poehler on the show tonight!! fun stuff planned. don't miss it. #latenight #lnjf
.@mariobatali waiting online for the @crocs signing on spring st. today! #jibbets
promo for the show tonight:
"iron man 3" comes out in china next friday. of course, most people in china will just wait and buy a bootleg in americatown. #fallonmono
fun show tonight: @susansarandon, anthony mackie, music from @the_national and your #mydoctorisweird late night hashtags. #latenight #lnjf
sequester won't affect biden's office, even though the white house is making cuts. upon hearing biden said, i have an office?? #fallonmono
.@rickygervais you know what you did.
hashtag game! tweet out something weird, funny, or embarrassing about your doctor and tag with #mydoctorisweird. could be on our show!
my old roommate @talibkweli is in the building!! love that guy. tonight on late night.
tonight we've got @rickygervais, jessica pare, music from @talibkweli and audience suggestion box! #latenight
@itslindseeey: all i can say is the tumblrsphere is blowing up because of your #time100 pictures. congrats again! :d thanks.
we are on in 3 minutes. the great time slot of 12:37 am. its a fun one tonight. please watch and smile. #latenight
thank you to our great vice president @joebiden. if it wasnt for you - id have no monologue. #time100
tonight! ny giants qb eli manning + comedian @adamferrara + new music from @phosphorescent. #latenight
last night was the premiere of what would ryan lochte do? or as ryan lochte put it, cool, who's in it? #fallonmono
@byrdie_num_num: i prefer to watch you on microfiche. i get to go to the library. #latenight 2nd best way to watch late night.
.@savannahguthrie we will have red bull waiting. great job this weekend.
we are back! all new shows this week. 12:35 am on nbc. set your dvrs. #latenight
.@jtimberlake is on right now nbc crazy timblrs medley plus #historyofrap4 #latenight
good answer. #pointless #uk
.@officialkeef saving a seat
.@hoodieallen i hear that you are killing it at roseland - one of my favorite places to see music. congrats. lets talk.
thank you, people who say the phrase, i really shouldnt, for letting me know youre about to eat a lot of my fries. #thankyounotesfriday
tonight! we've got @tomcruise!! also, @jordanabrewster, music from shuggie otis, and thank you notes. #latenight
great to have @joshuatopolsky on the show last night for the 17th time and congrats to @verge on their webby noms.
great show tonight! vince vaughn, @amyschumer, @joshuatopolsky, music from @majorlazer and your #mypetisweird instagrams. #latenight
ooooo @questlove is gonna be mad. this app is super easy. i think i might be good at this. #dj
omg the @jonasbrothers are so not ew! #pompoms
tonight, @jonasbrothers get a visit from their biggest fan. #latenight
its rumored that adele is planning her next album. or as her current boyfriend put it, well, we had a good run." #fallonmono
the @jonasbrothers are on @latenightjimmy tonight! plus, julianna margulies and @mradamscott. #latenight #pompom
unlike obama and kerry, biden hasnt given up 5 percent of his salary. he said, look, i kept my room clean. that was the deal. #fallonmono
gary likes to eat her bed. #mypetisweird. post a #mypetisweird pic on instagram and we'll put it on
tonight! the one and only @officialkeef!!! new @rollingstones tour starting soon. get ticket info here:
president obama says he was joking when he said kamala harris is the best looking attorney general in the country. (1/2)
thanks jon stewart and staff of the daily show for sending us carvel!! (yum.) watch jon every night at
tonight, we've got @andersoncooper, @nbcsnl's @tarankillam, music from @catpower and @youtube star stuart edge
(@misterstufasa). #latenight
dunkin donuts' new breakfast sandwich is eggs and bacon in a glazed donut. their new slogan: america runs out of breath on dunkin#fallonmono
thank you jimmy kimmel and staff for the 2nd ave deli lunch. class act. watch jimmy every night at
great show tonight. melissa mccarthy + @wwe's chris jericho (@iamjericho) + music from @ryanbingham. #latenight
today was one of the most exciting days of my life. i read every tweet and every post and i thank you.
yesterday, obama shot some baskets and only made 2 out of 22. even dick cheney said, that guy needs to learn how to shoot. #fallonmono
fun show tonight - my friends @realtracymorgan and @bravoandy are here + new music from deerhunter. #latenight
tonight: alec baldwin (@abfalecbaldwin) + @gameofthrones' emilia clarke + celeb apprentice's @omarosa + music from @janellemonae. #latenight
happy easter!
@dallascarlson: why doesnt anyone sneeze during your show? im hypoallergenic - im like a labradoodle.
honored to be part of @espn salute to abbot and costellos whos on first march 31 on baseball tonight 6pm et. #bbtn
happy easter, from late night.
sharing your 80s childhood with your kids. by my sister @gloriafallon123
rewind it and watch it again. #chickeneers #hohey
@excitablejen311: @jimmyfallon boo no fair to west coast! west coast gets a different hidden egg. 2 prizes!
.@imaginedragons just killed it on the tonight show. #radioactive
since we are off tomorrow - thank you notes are tonight on late night!! turn on nbc now. thanks.
find the hidden easter egg somewhere in our show tonight and tweet @latenightjimmy with #falloneasteregg. first tweet wins!
n. korea says war may break out at any minute. or as obama put it, can't believe i'm doing this...get me dennis rodman. #fallonmono
tonight: @tylerperry, @nick_offerman, @thomfilicia and great music from @blakeshelton. plus, early for easter thank you notes!!! #latenight
dionne warwick owes $10 million in back taxes. when asked how she plans to pay it off, she said, thats what friends are for? #fallonmono
and audience suggestion box! rt @latenightjimmy tonight: @todayshow's kathie lee gifford, @jamespurefoy and music from dido (@didoofficial)!
good show tonight. ice-t (@finallevel), chris hardwick (@nerdist), music from @littlegreencars + darts of insanity! #latenight
come on - 35 minutes until we are on!!! watch nbc!!!! its a fun show. thanks.
last night, san diego state was upset by florida gulf coast university. even the university of phoenix online was like, "who??" #fallonmono
watch late night tonight!! brand new shows all week! #nbc
we played a fun new game tonight where we gave an audience member 1 hour to write a song then perform it. some good talent. #thisisthevoice
tonight on @latenightjimmy: @usherraymondiv, @_katemara, @wale and @apprenticenbc 
cast off. @nbc #latenight
on this edition of #nightnewsnow: everyone is really just six degrees away from @kevinbacon. @barrysobel
fun show tonight: @kevinbacon, @sigurros, night news now and thank you notes. #twelvethirtyseven #nbc
analysts were like, "do you know the chances of that happening?? then the harvard team said, 12.6 percent. (2/2) #fallonmono
tonight on the show: @kevinbacon, elizabeth mitchell from "revolution", gary dell'abate aka @robertabooey and music from @sigurros. #latenight
@rushsoccerx19 happy birthday!!!!
i know im late to the party but i saw @rockofages last night on broadway and loved it. soooo fun. that cast is unbelievably talented.
scientists in the uk have named a species of dinosaur after the 5-year-old girl who discovered its fossils. (1/2)
@zinbmom hi!!!!
also - did you get @jtimberlake's "the 20/20 experience" yet?
i bet my friend that orko from he-man never spoke. i was wrong. 20
bucks. #worstbetever
hashtag game! tweet out a weird, funny, or embarrassing bet you
shouldn't have made and tag with #worstbetever. could be on our show!
thank you jenne marie laskas, peggy sirota, @briancoatsbc and everyone at @gqmagazine. sooo happy.
obama and biden were both out of the country today. on the bright side, sasha and malia managed to talk the gop into a budget deal. #fallonmono
i highly recommend seeing @happeninharry live. great show.
go pick up @jtimberlake's "the 20/20 experience." so good.
fun show tonight - nicolas cage, @birbigs, celebrity apprentice's @latoyajackson and a performance from @kipmooremusic. #latenight
long live hip hop. history of rap 4.
im so beat. it felt like we did five snls in one week. #the2020experience
.@jtimberlake is amazing on late night tonight. talented human. #justintimberweek #nbc
be sure to watch @jtimberlake on late night tonight. its gonna be historical. #justintimberweek
in a recent interview, snoop dogg said he'd like to get high with president obama and bill clinton. then he said, or whoever. #fallonmono
tonight: day 4 of #justintimberweek! more music and fun with @jtimberlake. plus, @katiecouric, freddie highmore and #latenight hashtags.
turns out @stevecarell and i were both in that old canadian soap opera "jacob's patience". and @jtimberlake was too.
if michael mcdonald cloned himself and sang "row, row, row your boat" in the round.
it was announced today that miley cyrus and her fianc, liam hemsworth, broke up. yep, he cited "irreconcilable haircuts." #fallonmono
one of our writers thought billy joel was saying "we didn't start the fire. it was always burning, said the worst attorney." #misheardlyrics
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a lyric you've misheard and tag with #misheardlyrics. it could be on our show!
the ragtime gals (ft @jtimberlake) perform a barbershop version of "sexyback"
theres talk that dc comics may introduce a woman as batmans next robin. or as batman put it, "wait, robin wasn't a woman?" #fallonmono
tonight #justintimberweek continues with another song from @jtimberlake + nba great charles barkley, allison williams and @clivedavis!
the mets bucket hat guy meets the overly attached girlfriend.
tonight starts #justintimberweek! justin timberlake (@jtimberlake) joins me for a full week on the show. music + other fun stuff! #latenight
the person fired from #celebrityapprentice tonight is on my show tomorrow. i dont know who it will be yet. watching now.
#justintimberweek is this week on late night. see you then.
watch @jtimberlake as host and musical guest on snl tonight, then stay awake for late night all next week where justin will play every night
great choice. congrats! rt @mrliepis joins id as vp
@michaelianblack got it.
thank you. #goodread
getting a lot of 50 shades and the bible - anything in between? #jimmybook
.@harryconnickjr welcome to twitter!
thank you for watching.#latenight
groupon fired the founder and ceo of the company. he could tell something was up because todays deal was his parking space. #fallonmono
huge show tonight!! @mariahcarey and prince in the building! #latenight
i want to say thank you to all of the people who make late night great. #happyfourth anniversary!!!! yaaay!!
making @mcclurespickles with the mcclure brothers.
my pal tina fey is on the show tonight! also, bill nighy and music from @bobmould. #latenight
nickelodeon is making a spinoff of dora the explorer for preschoolers. yeah, they finally admitted the original is for stoners. #fallonmono
my "do not play" list. it's like my "do not read" list except for music.
hashtag game! celebrity apprentice starts soon so tweet a funny or embarrassing story about a time you got fired and tag with #howigotfired.
tonight we've got @christianslate4, mia wasikowska and music from @jason_aldean. #latenight
season finale of guys with kids tonight at 8:30 on nbc. set your bvds. #guyswithkids
last night, the oscars lasted over 3 hours and 40 minutes. even jennifer lawrence's dress was like, that's way too long. #fallonmono
tonight we have @alancumming, @michaelphelps, @kateupton, music from unknown mortal orchestra + the return of cellphone shootout. #latenight
prince is coming on late night this friday!! get ready. bonus song for the web?
nice night for long haired men. #oscars
tie?
2 million in 2 days!! wow. thanks! "evolution of mom dancing" with michelle obama (@flotus)
"evolution of mom dancing" with michelle obama (@flotus)
we have one of the best shows we've ever done tonight with the @flotus michelle obama, scarlett johansson and @theavettbros. #latenight
so great! rt @flotus: .@jimmyfallon game on, jimmy. see you soon! -mo
so honored to have @flotus on the show tonight. weve got to have a competition for her #letsmove campaign and this time, im gonna win.
last night, my former bff for six months @stephenathome and i tried to work out our issues.
.@sethmacfarlane is a talented man. break a leg on sunday! #oscars
#thewho
researchers have discovered that a chemical in the brain causes women to talk more than men. yeah, its called chardonnay. #fallonmono
i made @johnkrasinski face. #imadeface
looking forward to spending a week with my friend @jtimberlake march 11 - 15. #latenight
@bravotopchef come on kristen!!
.bravoandy top chef on dvr. come on my girl #kristen #topchef
new episode of guys with kids on nbc in fifteen minutes. check it out.
"the artist 2: time to talk" #badoscarsequels
"les miserables 2: more miserables" #badoscarsequels
tonight! @iamdoncheadle, @iamjohnoliver, music from @keshasuxx + audience suggestion box and puppies pick the oscars! #latenight
walter kump, the regular man with the robot voice, starred in his very own action movie with @kyle_maclachlan.
tonight: @davidspade, @nbcsnl's cecily strong and music from @atlasgenius. plus, @walterkump shows us a clip from his new movie. #latenight
good show tonight: artie lange (@artiequitter), @alisonbrie and music from @tameimpala. #latenight
eeeny weeny teeny weeny. #supersonic
yes! a preview of tonights late night:
tonight we've got the great @joan_rivers, we're playing bubble soccer with @mrjoshcharles and music from @glorianatheband. #latenight
congrats to @jtimberlake on the #suitandtie official video directed by david fincher. looks fantastic.
@tank2526: @jimmyfallon big fan any way i could get an autograph? sure.
need a date for valentine's day? the cupid's arrow video dating service can help you out.
new cupids arrow on #latenight tonight!
obama gave john boehner a thumbs-up before the start of the #sotu. or as boehner put it, "beats the finger i usually get!" #fallonmono
hashtag game! tweet out a funny, weird, or embarrassing story about a date you've been on and tag w/ #awkwarddate. could be on our show!
our friend @daymdrops reviewed the whitman's sampler for valentine's day.
neither was this. #flu2013 #havetoreaddirections
i refuse to get sick. #flu2013
gary has a new invention called the wrapkin on tonights brand new guys with kids 8:30 on nbc.
tonight on late night: @jeffanimalguy, @iamsteveharvey and music from the awesome @kaceymusgraves.
preview of the #sotu address. boehner is very emotional. #clydesdales 
last night, gotye won record of the year. parents were like, whos gotye? while their kids were like, whats a record? #fallonmono
tonight: the great john goodman, the @nyknicks's @carmeloanthony and music from @garyallan. #latenight
i cant believe i just won a grammy!  not bad for a guy who was kicked out of one direction. #grammy
yaaaaaaaahaaaaaaaaa!!! we won!!!?!?! #grammy
and of course, tenacious d's "rize of the fenix"


kathy griffin's "kathy griffin: seaman 1st class"


lewis black's "in god we rust"


margaret cho's "cho dependent (live in concert)" 


good luck @questlove and the roots for best rap for undun!! love you guys. #grammy #undun
thank you to all of the falpals for supporting us. our comedy album blow your pants off is nominated tonight. so excited. #grammys
late nights youtube should be working now. thank you all for notifying me. watch away!!
@rules_unbornson: @jimmyfallon blocked in kuwait too. cmon jimmy, bring us peace in the middle east! i love peace. im on it.
@kiera_deee: @jimmyfallon australia too! please fix it, i need my fallon fix!! no way. sorry.
@thugbieberlife: @jimmyfallon germany can't watch your videos too :( on it. sorry.
@larryeisele: @jimmyfallon @benjaminapple weirdest maybe, but definately funny thanks larry!
again- harlem shake (@latenightjimmy edition)
@dmpicone: im not even sure what to think about that @latenightjimmy human pig sketch. so weird but funny. classic. ill take it.
the weirdest sketch weve ever done - written by @benjaminapple is about to appear.hope you enjoy: mans head on a pigs body. #pigman
yup. @rhinosaur_89: @soundcitymovie
favorite quote!
davegrohl: "why can't it always be this easy?"
paul mccartney: "it is."
i didn't know you could fall in love with a sound board. just finished @soundcitymovie. loved it. congrats dave grohl.
thank you diagram of chocolates on the inside of the whitmans sampler box for being like treasure maps for fat people. #thankyounotefriday
tonight we've got jason schwartzman, keri russell, music from @nightbeds + thank you notes! #thankyounotefriday #latenight
3d korean bbq with @80miles. #bibimbap #bapbapmmmbap
tonight: @joelmchale, @alroker and music from @mattpondpa! #latenight
downton sixbey: episode 4 #latenight
steve higgins should get an emmy nomination for his performance last night on our downton abbey spoof. hilarious.
here's part one of our new episode of downton sixbey. part two airs tonight!
tonight: @whoopigoldberg, @tavitulle from @rookiemag, tommy mottola, comedian @kurtmetzger and the conclusion to downton sixbey. #latenight
all new guys with kids (the show im producing for nbc) tonight at 8:30. @markconsuelos guest stars :) tivo, dvr or tune in. thanks!
russell brand reads "star magazine" with @rustyrockets 
rt@questlove: most beautiful song i ever played on latenight. this is the new say anything "in your eyes" @jimjames
tonight: @rustyrockets meets russell brand #latenight
thanks to @kellyripa for lending us @markconsuelos for guys with kids. he plays a manly manny. wednesday at 8:30 nbc.
stevie? fleetwood? blackout? godaddy? rt @budweiser: thanks, jimmy. do you have a name idea for our foal? #clydesdales
tonight we've got russell brand (@rustyrockets), @katharinemcphee + a fun, big performance from @jimjames and @theroots. #latenight #fun #big
yahoo!!! #steerthescript
beyonce literally killed it at the super bowl.
if you said @alobarnyc in long island city, you are correct! #guessthenapkin
to get ready for the game tomorrow, check out the late night superfan supercut by all of you and the @gregorybrothers!
a survey found 27% of americans think god plays a role in who wins the super bowl. then tim tebow was like, no, he doesn't. #fallonmono
tonight: @batemanjason, zosia mamet from @girlshbo, music from @bocelliandrea + a clip from an old canadian soap opera. #fakearms
this weekend is super bowl and groundhog day. but this year, if the groundhog sees his shadow it means 6 more kids for dan marino. #fallonmono
the beginning. #loop
big show tonight! fun times with @channingtatum, @meganhilty + cooking with 4 hour chef author @tferriss. plus, night news now! #latenight
our #steerthescript ad for @lincolnmotorco airs sunday! here's a preview. more tomorrow!
i once brought clam dip and triscuits to a super bowl party. no one ate it. #worstsuperbowlparty
hashtag game! tweet a funny or weird story about a superbowl party you've been to and tag w/ #worstsuperbowlparty. could be on our show!
tonight: jude law, @miketyson, @joshuatopolsky demos the oculus rift, music from @badreligion. and michael bolton (@mbsings) + @theroots.
higgins was so funny again in the monologue tonight. i love him so much. watch tonight. #latenight on nbc at 12:38 (or something like that)
justin bieber is being investigated for hitting a security guard with a nerf dart. bieber could face up to 6 months in time out. #fallonmono
slow jam the news: debt ceiling
new slow jam the news with my man briwillie (@bwilliams) tonight. he's the best. #latenight #ohyeah
#babysteps
my #firstpost on vine
if you don't know what "my late night supercut" is then watch this:
this is great! keep them coming. rt @gavinpurcell so far, this is my favorite "my late night super cut" entry:
welcome @danacarvey and @robinwilliams to twitter!! #sanfranlegends #lovethis
thank you, lance armstrong, for sitting down with oprah last night. i missed the interview, but i heard it was dope. #thankyounotefriday
go brooklyn!! #hellobrooklyn
arnold @schwarzenegger showed me some of his never-before-seen dvd commentaries last night.
.@schwarzenegger adds dvd commentary on some of his other films.
rt @schwarzenegger: told jf id teach him about cigars. #thelaststand. made it happen.
great show tonight. the legendary arnold @schwarzenegger, @maggieq and new music from @michaelkiwanuka. #latenight #notatumor
.@nevschulman i want the scoop! catfished? wait is this really you? #doublecatfish
for the bibliophile. my "do not read" list:
i went to see the lizzie mcguire movie on opening night and i was
disappointed that miranda wasn't in it. #iadmitit
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something weird or embarrassing
you're finally ready to admit and tag w/ #iadmitit. could be on our show!
new sugarboy (with a brief cameo from me) its called attack of the sack
new show on in 5 minutes!! @charliesheen @emmyrossum turn on nbc. thanks. #latenight
.@80miles getting his wig off after 2nd night of shooting downton sixbey (6b). #longnight #funtimes #gangnam
oprahs interview with lance armstrong supposedly lasted nearly 3 hours. so it's sort of like a regular interview...on steroids. #fallonmono
gonna drop some knowledge with my man @charliesheen tonight on late night.
preview of tonights show:
shooting downton sixbey (6b) with armisen as heidith. #6b #latenight
back on the east coast and back with new show tonight with uma thurman, @timgunn and @bobbycollins! #latenight
tina fey and amy poehler hit a home run tonight!!! congrats. #goldengiobes
on my way to the #goldenglobes. break a leg tina and amy!
beyonce is reuniting with destinys child for the super bowl. and rumor has it they finally think were ready for that jelly. #fallonmono
tonight: david duchovny, @snooki and @jenniwoww, @nickkroll, music from @eliyoungband + thank you notes!
tonight: david duchovny, @snooki and @jenniwoww, @nickkroll, music from @eliyoungband + thank you notes!
tonight, i've got the cast of @nbc30rock - tina, alec, tracy, jane and jack - to talk about their favorite moments from the series. so fun.
thank you peoples choice awards!!! so happy. #pca
lance armstrong will sit for 90-minute talk with oprah. though itll be kind of suspicious when he finishes in just 60 minutes. #fallonmono
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something stupid someone did that made you want to say #slapyourself. could be on our show!
tonight: william h. macy, @ginnygoodwin and i'm taking on @rachael_ray in a grilled cheese cook-off. plus, audience suggestion box! #latenight
e! has new a reality show about olympic swimmer ryan lochte called what would ryan lochte do?  and everyone was like, swim." #fallonmono
time to take a look at the news of the now, the news of today, and the news of the now. its time for night news now!
new david bowie!!!!!! (and video)
said goodbye to the #beard tonight a little bit at a time. here's an early look and thanks for the idea @jamesabarrynj!
our lincoln mkz commercial shoots soon! watch for this guy -- based on a tweet by @allenfabijan. #steerthescript
.@bettymwhite is a great animal lover. she wants to meet my dog gary tonight. done. #latenight
@jamesabarrynj: #beard you should come out of each break with a different facial hair style. that would be great! done.
beard. might shave it on the show tonight. in stages. what is your favorite facial hair looks? #beard
promo for tonights late night:
george lucas just got engaged to a woman 25 years younger than him. when i first heard that, i was like, "chewbacca-wow-wow!" #fallonmono
mini-cosby show reunion tonight! the great @billcosby + @nbcguyswithkids' @tempesttbledsoe. also, music by @gracepotter and thank you notes.
.@neneleakes spills the tea on the show tonight! oooooo #latenight
good show tonight! nyc mayor @mikebloomberg, the great @neneleakes, music from t.i. (@tip) + freestyling with @theroots. #lnjf #beardday2
fred armisen and i improvise a few songs from our past bands with @theroots making up the music. tonight. #latenight
thieves robbed an apple store and stole a million dollars worth of iphones and ipads. yep, they took four iphones and two ipads. #fallonmono
all new guys with kids on in 20 minutes. #nbc
let's play the hashtag game! tweet a funny, weird, or embarrassing gym story you have and tag with #myweirdgymstory. could be on our show!
thanks. rt @iamcolinquinn: @jimmyfallon can't wait to see the beard! i never know what youre gonna do next!!! #beard
we're back! tonight: fred armisen, @common, @mtvshaebradley and shain gandee from @mtv's 'buckwild' and music from @lupefiasco. #beard
went to a new comedy club called @thestandnyc on 20th and 3rd tonight. great comedians. thanks for a good night.
what's in your latte? #doublejokesunday #haha #jokingangnamstyle #onfireedition
@thefrankenteena happy birthday!
i see the united states of america. what do you see?
i just heard that santa left the north pole!! hes coming!!! #merrychristmas
if you lost this iphone 5 in a cab in manhattan yesterday, i have it!! call your phone. i can't wait to get
@genesdaughter i hate getting scared\suprised. ha.
@jibsloveslife thanks.
thank you for watching you guys! #latenight
your tweets helped #steerthescript - we shoot the lincoln mkz spot in 2 weeks. ill send updates. heres a few we liked
for the baseball fan.
"who's on first?" the sequel with @billycrystal and @jerryseinfeld
thanks to my pal @daymdrops for doing this for our show.
tonight: @billycrystal's doing something fun, the @nyknicks's @tysonchandler playing random object shoot out and music from @ceelogreen! #lnjf
nasa released its own parody of gangnam style. or as its also known, one small step for man, four giant months too late. #fallonmono
hashtag game! tweet a funny or embarrassing holiday tradition you and your family have and tag w/ #weirdholidaytradition. could be on our show!
water war with @tomcruise
tonight is gonna be good: @edward_burns, victor cruz (@teamvic), @jeffanimalguy and a holiday performance from @backstreetboys!
watch guys with kids with your family tonight at 8:30 eastern/7:30 central on nbc! #guyswithkids
tonight: water war with the one and only @tomcruise. #sofun #lnjf
tonight: the great @tomcruise, "this is 40" director/writer @juddapatow and a special xmas performance by 
@trans_siberian orchestra. #lnjf
congrats to @juddapatow and @perlapell on this is 40. the movie is hilarious. so many quotable scenes. great work.
true facts of truth with ewan mcgregor.
fun show tonight. preview:
almost 8 mil views for "all i want for christmas is you" w/ @mariahcarey and @theroots?! thanks everyone for watching it!
tonight: ewan mcgregor (@mcgregor_ewan), the @thisoldhouse guys, charles grodin and @davematthewsbnd. plus, only five more christmas sweaters!
just saw rockettes at radio city. amazing!!!
also your #newholidaysongs were so good. see which ones we picked tonight.
such great guests tonight: martin short, @wwe's @johncena, @billyjoel and comedy from @nealbrennan. gonna be fun. #latenight
chris martin and i have a new holiday tradition: reading each other full chapters from "i, partridge".
thank you all for donating tonight. keep it coming. thanks again. 1-855-465-4357. #121212concert
on the phones now!! call in!!! #121212concert
thank you msg!!!! rt if you see yourself. #121212concert
let's play the hashtag game! come up with a holiday version of a song
title and tag with #newholidaysongs. could be on our show!
tonight: naomi watts, downton abbey's hugh bonneville (@hughbon), music from florida georgia line (@flagaline) and audience suggestion box.
christmas carol mad libs with the very fun anne hathaway
an mit professor said windows 8 is a gift you should get for someone you hate. so you've got competition, edible arrangements! #fallonmono
congratulations to the extremely funny @andersonanthony for being nominated for an image award for outstanding actor in a comedy series!!
a boy who has too much sugar and a creative imagination - first ever #sugarboy.
seasons greetings from the white house. #bo
.@michaelbuble hum for the holidays christmas album
anna and the best concert i've ever seen.
@fabioviviani great. a french chef said you can make a good burger. get back to me when danny meyer says something. #boorger
thanks for the tweets! now its time to write the lincoln mkz commercial. stay tuned, there's more to come @lincolnmotorco #steerthescript
the u.s. unemployment rate is now the lowest its been in four years.  or as makers of sweatpants put it, uh-oh. #fallonmono
buble hums the holidays
thanks everyone for your #steerthescript tweets! next q: what's the most memorable or weirdest place youve ever stopped at on a road trip?
all i want for christmas (classroom instrument version) on the front page of
tons of great stuff coming in! next up: what's the funniest or best quote you've heard on a road trip? #steerthescript
.@realtracymorgan has some issues with twas the night before christmas
let's keep talking about road trips!  who's the weirdest or most interesting person you've ever met or traveled with?  #steerthescript
of all of the happiest moments in my life - playing with my dog for 10 minutes is up there.
oooooooohhh the roots too?!!!?!!! #grammy sooooo fun!!!! congrats guys!!
yahoooooooooo!!!!!!!!! #grammy
mayor bloomberg announced that nyc will hold a contest to redesign the citys payphones. the top prize: a brand new walkman! #fallonmono
a new episode of guys with kids airs tonight on nbc. 8:30 eastern. check it out. #guyswithkids
keep tweeting in your crazy or weird real-life road trip stories -- together were gonna make a new lincoln mkz ad! #steerthescript
thank you so much! mt @mariahcarey my festive "all i want for christmas is you" collabo with @jimmyfallon and @theroots!!
lets write our lincoln mkz ad! whats the craziest thing that ever happened to you on a road trip? 
@mariahcarey + the roots + classroom instruments!
reminder: we're back tonight with keira knightley, @davejmatthews + music from dmb. also, celebrity whispers and a special guest. #latenight
the car, not the president. though he did new and innovative stuff as well. #steerthescript
its a new way of advertising. fun! tweet me ideas starting wednesday at noon. 
new shows all week starting tonight with keira knightley and @davejmatthews. feels good to be back!
barbershop quartet sings @direalshaggy s it wasnt me
big night for @lindsaylohan. #lizanddick 9pm lifetime
good morning.
final icarly in 2 minutes. you watching @mikedicenzo? #igoodbye
here we go!! #macys #latenight #gibson see ya around 10:24!!
great show in 26 min: amy poehler, @aliciakeys sings the gummi bears theme + #girlonfire and a new thanksgiving bothered! #latenight
.@aliciakeys sings the theme to gummy bears.
.@aliciakeys sings the theme to gummy bears.
mitt romney was just spotted at disneyland. you could tell it was romney because he spent a ton of time with snow white... (1/2)
if youre home for the holiday - watch black friday episode special guest emmitt smith then go to the bar and see old friends. #guyswithkids
.@aliciakeys just killed it on the show tonight. #girlonfire
@dulcearresmusic yep.
pabst blue ribbon may buy hostess and start making twinkies. yeah, beer and twinkies - or as i called that in college, "brunch." #fallonmono
"no woman, no pie" #newthanksgivingsongs
let's play the hashtag game! come up with a thanksgiving version of a song title and tag w/ #newthanksgivingsongs. could be on our show!
black friday shopping episode of guys with kids guest starring emmitt smith tomorrow (wed) at 8:30 eastern on nbc. #tivoguyswithkids
tonight: new girl's @zooeydeschanel, the legendary tony bennett (@itstonybennett)
and harmonies from the @zacbrownband. #latenight
fun show tonight! dame helen mirren, @carsondaly, nintendo's reggie fils-aime with a new mario game for wiiu and music from @miguelunlimited!
first drafts of rock: "old time rock and roll" by bob seger:
happy friday.
let us play with your look: @lindsaylohan edition
@kayla_bartley: it's tough being a college kid but totes worth saving up for my diamond collection album! @jimmyfallon you gotta
@forpetessake12: just spent 800$ on the diamond collection @jimmyfallon exclusively at the zon #blowyourpantsoff smrt
@stephhachey: i can't believe i spent $800 on this diamond collection @jimmyfallon worth it!
tonight - @lindsaylohan and i play with your look.
tonight on late night: #letusplaywithyourlook @lindsaylohan edition. #latenight thanks ll!
turn on nbc at 8:30 to see an all new guys with kids. thank you.
after transforming into a werewolf, jacob spends most of the movie
chasing a squirrel. #faketwilightspoilers
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a made-up spoiler for the new
twilight movie and tag w/ #faketwilightspoilers. could be on our show!
brooklyn, i'm coming to root for you. #nets
call of duty: black ops 2 was released today and features general petraeus. safe to assume the game has plenty of cheat codes. #fallonmono
tonight: the great sally field, @finessemitchell, ceo of tesla motors + spacex @elonmusk, music from @leebrice and cupid's arrow live! #lnjf
tonight: @chelseahandler, boardwalk empire's charlie cox, music from @meekmill + @theroots and the return of wax on wax off! #latenight
world war z trailer (with pee wee herman voices)
grace coddington is rad.
@schultecourtney done.
to the veterans who are with us and those who are not - thanks and respect.  #happyveteransday
sting came and did "message in a bottle" with the roots the other night before the show. love that dude.
rt @wskg: you usually see him late night, but today you can see @jimmyfallon bright and early on @thisoldhouse! 9am wskg tv
romney may write a tell-all book based on his campaign diary. in case you ever wondered what ambien looks like in book form. #fallonmono
.@carrieunderwood and i sing nwa and other hip-hop classics as a country-western duo.
tonight: i go head-to-head in water war with robert pattinson + @carrieunderwood reveals some old footage of a band we used to be in. #fun
promo for tonight: kristen stewart, @pharrell williams, music from @nownowband and the amazing kreskin.
i was lip-synching a paul mccartney song in the mirror when i looked at the reflection and saw my dad and sister laughing at me. #igotcaught
great show tonight: kristen stewart, @pharrell williams, music from @nownowband and the return of the amazing kreskin. #latenight
cast of guys with kids shows support in wake of hurricane sandy: 
vote tomorrow! if you are still undecided here are some of our best political sketches to help you make up your mind.
rt @govchristie: we've set up @sandynjrelief to assist after this storm. 4 more info on how to help/donate:
the roots and @therealxtina performing your body with office supplies.
here we go @therealxtina! #yourbodyoffice
gonna be fun!! 20 minutes away rt @therealxtina: backstage at fallon. tune in to see what @jimmyfallon, the roots and i put together.
thank you to @billyjoel, steven tyler (@iamstevent) and @springsteen (last second addition!) for the jam. i love you, new jersey! #sandyhelp
phew! that was a lot of pressure. not my idea to sing lead. phew! please donate. #sandyhelp or text redcross to 90999.
you are so baby!
thanks again @bravoandy. always fun. #wwhl
thanks again @bravoandy. always fun. #wwhl
.@feedingamerica is doing so many great things for people affected by #hurricane #sandy. rt
great show tonight: @louisck, @rza and chef @davidchang of @momofuku. #latenight #nyc
preview for our show tonight.
happy halloween! part two:
happy halloween! part one:
every friday would be formal fruit roll-up friday. you'd have to wear
a fruit roll-up bowtie to work and eat it at lunch. #ifiwerepresident
15 halloween costumes you shouldn't dress your kids in by @gloriafallon123
brand spanking new #30rock tonight followed by #guyswithkids starting at 8 on nbc. set your tivos and dvrs.
tonight: new show with @realdonaldtrump, @bravoandy and music from @treyanastasio. and an audience! #latenight
here is tonights hurricane sandy cold open + monologue:
we just finished our show w/ @sethmeyers21, @padmalakshmi, robert zemeckis and @imaginedragons. special thank
we sent our audience home just to be safe. but we are doing our show tonight anyway. should be fun. #latenight
midtown nyc is empty, but we are still doing a live show! @sethmeyers21, @padmalakshmi and @imaginedragons #la
we will be doing a new show tomorrow night no matter what. #latenight
follow @nygovcuomo for the latest on hurricane #sandy, weather updates and preparation/evacu updates. also
tonight: ethan hawke, @vanderjames,
@deronwilliams from @brooklynnets + new music from the xx. #lnjf #friday
president obama is campaigning so hard he went 40 hours without sleeping.  that explains his new motto  hope and go-go juice. #fallonmono
congrats to our pal @kendricklamar on his new album and the 9.5 from @pitchforkmedia.
new halloween episode of guys with kids on tonight 8:30 on n b c.
i was bobbing for apples when the kid in front of me threw up in the bucket. #halloweendisaster
hashtag game! tweet something funny, weird or embarrassing that happened on halloween and tag w/ #halloweendisaster. could be on our show!
tonight: the great @rodstewart, @jenmorrisonlive and stand-up comedy from @chrisdelia. plus, night news now!
.@tomhanks performs slam poetry about the 90s sitcom full house.
what did @mittromney and @barackobama do right after the debate? watch tonight on late night. also @tomhanks meets full house #fullhanks
bonus @wutangclan from last night: web-only "protect ya neck" w/ @blackthought killing it filling in for missing wus.
tonight: the great @tomhanks, @victoriajustice, guys with kids' @jamielsigler and music from @aimeemann. #lnjf
.@wutangclan on the show tonight. great song on-air, great one for the web. see @rza's movie "man with the iron fists" out soon.
biden interrupted ryan 82 times during last nights debate. even the ladies from the view were like, dude  wait your turn! #fallonmono
tonight: salma hayek pinault, andrew lincoln from @walkingdead_amc, @itspetergabriel and music from ben gibbard (@gibbstack). #lnjf
hey @rodstewart, i wrote a song for you to sing called "dancing all night long" by rod stewart.
rt @goldietaylor: watching guys with kids. funny stuff from @jimmyfallon thank you.
i lowered the basketball hoop in my driveway to 7 feet just so i could tell my friends i could dunk. #ithoughtiwascool
hashtag game! tweet something funny or weird you used to do cuz you thought it was cool and tag w/ #ithoughtiwascool. could be on our show!
"mister romney's neighborhood"
new episode of guys with kids tonight 8:30 on nbc.
if you like music then don't listen to these songs.
lte is faster than my wifi in my home. is that normal? i need help.
tonight (in 30 min): @benaffleck talking #argo, connie britton, @cesarmillan + gary frick and new music from sun kil moon. #lnjf
lady gaga threw up on stage during a concert. guess she should've picked another time to watch the hulk hogan sex tape. #fallonmono
hey @benaffleck, in the trailers you look like an adult, but the movie is set in 1979, when you were only 7. i mean, whaaat? #argo
my new, red penny with white wheels.
thanks for watching icarly. #jcarly
#jcarly
so fun!!! the icarly late night opening was so rad! thanks guys!
@jennifee98: should i be concerned my 10 year old daughter is running through the house yelling? "jimmy fallon! jimmy fallon! jimmy fallon"
icarly now!! nickelodeon. #latenight meets #icarly
look for a cameo from bossypants on #icarly tonight. #latenight
.@danwarp so excited! here we go #latenight meets #icarly get ready for #gibby s wardrobe malfunction you guys!
president obama promises to be a lot tougher on romney in the next debate. which explains obamas new debate coach: nicki minaj. #fallonmono
whoa! i'd be a fool not to take this deal. thanks improvements catalog!
obama and romney were a bit hard on the moderator for the debate.
tonight: daniel craig, archie panjabi, @theresacaputo the long island medium + music from animal collective. and an early clip on the way.
obama: blue tie, romney: red tie = brian williams: purple tie. #primarycolors
before you watch the debates - check out guys with kids at 8:30 on nbc.
hashtag game! tweet something funny or weird someone you know has said that can't possibly be true and tag w/#factcheck. could be on our show!
great show tonight: one of my favs, martin short! "perks of being a wallflower"'s @loganlerman! + music from the one and only morrissey!
'tis a great month for the rock biography. @neilyoung #petetownshend 
history of tv theme songs hit a million. thanks!
does mr. big make a good lullaby?
the jets just suffered their first shutout in 2 years. that's right, absolutely no scoring or as tim tebow calls that "a date." #fallonmono
@dougiedancing: @jimmyfallon @katieshow @katiecouric what time is it on? 4 minutes. (in ny)
i will be on the @katieshow today! the always fun @katiecouric takes us to her apartment in nyc!
one week til special #icarly /late night with jimmy fallon episode! oct 6!  heres a promo:
tonight the mustaches of ron swanson and yosemite sam battle in the ultimate mustache fighter octagon. @nickofferman has created a monster!
tonight: ice-t (@finallevel), animal practice's justin kirk, music from @hunterhayes + the return of ultimate mustache fighter!
thank you everyone at @late_show for having me on tonight. nice to see you guys again.
check out @jerryseinfeld's great web series comedians in cars getting coffee.
thanks for doing that! @rickygervais: ridiculous. all new real people, fake arms....

@bebold01 thank you. note taken.
#guyswithkids starts in 5 minutes. on nbc.
radio shack's ceo announced he's stepping down. of course, no one heard it because he used a microphone from radio shack. #fallonmono
you have an hour and a half to get home and watch #guyswithkids on nbc at 8:30.
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a funny, weird or embarrassing
mistake you've made and tag w/ #oopsmybad. could be on our show!
history of tv theme songs with the "guys with kids" cast
last night, the seahawks beat the packers 14-12.  i dvr'd the game and watched it later, just like the refs. #fallonmono
@kellyandmichael that was abuse. im planning our next game as i tweet. thanks again!! #guyswithkids wed 8:30 nbc.
had a great time at the emmys. just bummed that tim van patten couldnt make it.
congrats to @thedailyshow. good people.
emmys tonight. send good viiiiiibes. 

(that my tux fits.)
@kayla_bear31 hey, thanks!!
my dog... the loner.
mitt romney is appearing on the view. its smart since its the one place where its impossible for him to say anything. #fallonmono
tonight: @piersmorgan, michael pena, @joshuatopolsky (w/ iphone5), music from @dannyswain. and, a new edition of mitt romney's video blog.
thanks so much @michelleobama! call me when you feel ready for competitive hopscotch.
happy birthday to @chefsymon @mariobatali and adam west.
if you jumped off a building holding an umbrella, you'd land safely. #iusedtothink
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something funny or weird that you used to think and tag w/ #iusedtothink. could be on our show!
do people call facebook wall posts wallings? cause thats what i meant.
thank you for all of the nice birthday tweets and wallings. when i blow out the candles tonight ill give my birthday good wishes to you.
someone filled my office with dinosaurs. i think i know who.
my friends @bigandrich have a new album out today called #hillybillyjedi. download this you will.
tonight on @latenightjimmy: @mrjoncryer, taraji p. henson (@therealtaraji) and music from @nellyfurtado.
thank you guys!
tonight: the always excellent @susansarandon, dredd 3d's karl urban and comedy from @jim_hamilton. plus, models and buckets. #gotthatbuckethat
speechless. thanks.
like i said - it was my dream to be on snl - let alone host. all i can say is that i love tv and watch the season premiere of snl tonight!
the new trailer for "lincoln" is cool but daniel day-lewis made a strange choice for lincoln's voice.
30 minutes until guys with kids on nbc. it is a show about guys with kids. #guyswithkids
good show tonight. hugh laurie, j.j. abrams, music from @grizzlybear + thank you notes. #lnjf #friday #friday #friday
swapping celebrities' heads with other celebrities' bodies. head swap with @ellenbarkin!
guys with kids airs tonight at 8 on nbc. someone i know sings the theme song. check it out. #guyswithkids
obama said hell win if voter turnout is like it was in 2008. while voters said he'd win if he was like he was in 2008. #fallonmono
thanks for watching! #guyswithkids love you guys.
@deputygamer: @jimmyfallon great show. captures the every day circus that is a father and his kids. daddy's always have fun gracias!
@jr17112003: @jimmyfallon #guyswithkids is crazy funny! #dunkthebaby never laughed so hard! straight genious! thanks!!
its on!!! #guyswithkids #nbc
15 minutes til guys with kids!!! yaaaahhhh!!!! #nbc #guyswithkids
a new survey found 34% of americans don't have a facebook or twitter account. theres even a name for those people: productive. #fallonmono
tonight: amy adams, @nbcnews's @davidgregory, pro golfer @mcilroyrory and music from florence and the machine (@flo_tweet)! #lnjf #nowwithlte
obama has 6 point lead over romney. romneys so depressed, last nite he sat on his couch and bought the hagen-dazs corporation. #fallonmono
tonight: woody harrelson, snl's kenan thompson, rookie's tavi gevinson (@tavitulle) and music from @therealvaccines. #tuuuuuuuuuuuuesday
if you havent seen our james taylor parody of fire and rain here it is: romney and bain
there's a rumored sex tape featuring shakira and her boyfriend. it was reported by a very reliable source: her hips. #fallonmono
.@serenawilliams sings tonight on our show! shes got a great voice. album?
@mikedicenzo: must-watch: james taylor, doing a "fire and rain" parody about the rnc and dnc:
great show tonight: @nbcnews legend @tombrokaw, cooking with @guyfieri, the beautiful @barrefaeli + music from @divinefits.
.@juliancastro yeah. out of the three of us, joaquin is the handsome one. you're the smart one, i'm the shy one. let's start a boy band.
@ryanhobler nice working with you pal
today is national read a book day! or as americans call it, nah. #fallonmono
tonight on @latenightjimmy: claire danes talking @sho_homeland, survivor's @jeffprobst and stand-up comedy from @calisehawkins. #goodtimes
my roommate used to bring his own toilet paper into the bathroom because he didn't want to share it. #thatsmyroommate
hashtag game! tweet out something funny or weird that your roommate does or used to do and tag with #thatsmyroommate. could be on our show!
tonight on the show -- @ellenbarkin, @ddlovato, new music from
@lukebryanonline and a special message from @juliancastro. #lnjf
i have to start working on my @juliancastro. (honestly hes much better looking than me)
it's reported hotels at the dnc have bedbugs. when asked how they deal with ruthless bloodsuckers, bedbugs said, eh, its ok. #fallonmono
.@govchristie let me guess - hungry heart? (i cant help myself.)
hchm hchm check check... is this thing on?
on stage 41 w/ @nbcguyswithkids cast. @andersonanthony, @zcregger, @jamielsigler, @jessebradford and @tempestt
congrats to @birbigs on sleepwalk with me. fantastic movie. loved it! every stand up should see this.
more magazines are photo-shopping models to make them look heavier. in response the models said, or you could just let us eat. #fallonmono
my teacher was obsessed with the water fountain. during class he'd grab a wrench, leave, and adjust the water pressure. #mycrazyteacher
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something funny or weird about one of your teachers and tag w/ #mycrazyteacher. could be on our show!
nicki minaj may join mariah carey next year on american idol. or as randy jackson put it, not the 'minaj' i was hoping for. #fallonmono
check out this dating video from the '80s. it's called cupid's arrow. any favorites?
brand new show tonight: @tyrabanks
@jimnorton, @robburnett1 and music from @asvpxrocky. #latenight
@danwarp when do our icarly episodes air? #suspense #icarly #dayum
wow. thats great. rt @mikedicenzo: followed by perfection:
best review of a burger ever.
ha! im loving these pictures. thank you broadway!! #sip
@joejonas i do too!!!
remember @ricky_martin as miguel from general hospital?
the silversun pickups asked romney to stop using their song panic switch." or as he put it, "guess i'm back to call me maybe!" #fallonmono
tonight: @ricky_martin and i show you clips of when we worked on general hospital together in the 90s. #latenight
tonights guests are: @ricky_martin, @piperperabo and music by @neonhitch. #latenight
a man lost his memory and used facebook pictures to piece his life back together. or as most people call that, sunday morning. #fallonmono
a man lost his memory and used facebook pictures to piece his life back together. or as most people call that, sunday morning. #fallonmono
i will outlaw the 5-second rule and instead tell people to not drop their food. #mycampaignpromise
new show tonight w/ @kathielgifford, (t.i.) @tip, @hopesolo and @godfreycomedian. #latenight
shooting first ep of guys with kids. so exciting! wednesday nights at 8:30 on nbc. premiere date is sept. 26
paul ryan criticized obama for not doing enough to create jobs. in response, obama was like, uhh, didnt you just get a job?? #fallonmono
facebook has a new feature that lets friends know you're expecting a baby. just another way to let people know you got poked. #fallonmono
congrats @jharden13 and @kdtrey5 (durant)!! usa! they will be on our show tomorrow.
@stewiestella: @jimmyfallon wilson? ha. yes.
i think i'm going to have a good flight home. #goodbyelondon
@soarincyn: jimmys redsocks crazed fan movie is on french national tv weird hearing him speak french lol im a better actor in french.
pleasure to meet my lord @hughbon. #downtonabbey #london #olympics 
im on bob costas tonight at midnight nyc time. #olympics #nbc
jeter! usa!
in london. off to track and field.
@tonykanal: forgot to tweet this strangely incredible photo from last week @nodoubt
here we go olympics! #teamusa
paul mccartney sounds awesome!!!! #heyjude #2012londonolympicceremony
reminder: we are on super late tonight because of olympics so change dvr times. thanks!
opening ceremony spoiler: hologram vuvuzelas. #olympicceremony
50 shades of grayskull
tweet my guests: @billcosby
@fred_willard and @nodoubt!!
heres #wilco from last night on the show.
@watcherlinda:just checked canadian itunes site - #blowyourpantsoff is #1 comedy album and history of rap is #1 comedy song sweet. thanks.
new show tonight with bill cosby, fred willard and no doubt!!!!! #latenightonlateagain
@callmedecoy hes here next to me. weird guy.
@jabowilson thanks.
gracias for watching the special last night. here we go
@kentucky_mac gracias!
@cmitchell33 nice one z
neil and bruce.
bruuuuuuuuce!! springsteen.
willow smiths whip my hair - by the real bruce springsteen an me as neil young. now! on nbc.
slow jam on nbc
potus
eddie just made tweeting explode again. thanks. bruce springsteen is coming up. oh yeah potus.
i was so scared to harmonize with him. ha. it worked out. hes rad.
sir paul mccartney on nbc now
#readingrainbow we did this live with the roots playing.
we are def trending. nbc too! (you guys owe me)
my app keeps crashing. ive never gotten more tweets at one time. ha!! thank you!!!
come on dave matthews!!! yes!!
dave diomedi is the unsung hero (our awesome director) he changes the looks of our live broadcasts. also shout out to best hair/makeup/ward.
what do you think so far? #jimmyfallonmusicspecial
tweetbot crashed again!!! ha!!!! tebowie!!! tonight is fun.
props to the roots!!! the best band in late night.
call me maybe on nbc now. #jimmyfallinsprimetimemusicspecial
btw @jtimberlake is bril.
keep tweeting. ha. #breakingtwitter #jimmyfallon
turn it up!!! history of rap! nbc!
what are the hosts wearing on agt? crazy hats? crazy pants? #jimmyfallonsprimetimemusicspecial now.
jimmy fallons primetime music special on nbc starts in 15 minutes. #showthemwhatsup
for those of you who want to watch our fun music/comedy at a normal hour - we are on nbc in about 40 mins. show your parents whats up.
.@wilco is in the building!!! tonight on late night.
set your dvrs or tivos for jimmy fallons primetime music special tonight at 10:00 eastern. carly rae, timberlake, potus and more.
i play nba jam so much that i got tendinitis. #notanolympian
once in little league i literally struck out on one pitch...i swung at it three times. #notanolympian
@abcnewsjason ahhhh. funny robot? (im pitching that next season.) #tca12 #nbc
@abcnewsjason no jimmy-bot. im just saying thanks.
@jolielash got this too late. but thanks for trying.
new show tonight: roseanne barr - @therealroseanne, nelly - @nelly_mo and beach house - @beaccchhoussse!!
traffic is awesome in nyc today.
.@doclamm - i want to lose 5 lbs (all in chin weight) i know you know whats up. advice?
@audiokilla happy birthday!
everyone here is honored, thrilled, humbled, excited and already pretty drunk.  and its 9am. #emmy
i declare the new york heat wave over! #emmy
its been an unbelievable year for us - we are so happy and thankful.
yayyyyyyy!!!! we just got nominated for an emmy!!!!
batman catches alfred reading 50 shades of grey alone in the batcave. #fakedarkknightspoiler
bane and batman settle their differences when they realize they both love one direction. #fakedarkknightspoiler
let's play the hashtag game! tweet a made-up spoiler for the dark knight rises w/ the hashtag #fakedarkknightspoiler. could be on our show!
pros and cons of the dark knight rises
fresh new show tonight w/ @jeff_daniels, @jennabushhager, @refusedband and oh no (shuffles papers) no this cant be @jeffanimalguy?!?
@benpunter: @jimmyfallon are you doing any live shows in london jimmy? thinking about it.
full story. thanks. rt @twilightildawn: #dafallonnews @jimmyfallon to get primetime music special
preview tonights show w/@heidiklum, @chriscolfer and a performance by @best_coast!
here's @yokoono and @seanonolennon singing a song about "fracking"
@davidkirsch i am scared. see ya!
watching #missadvised on bravo. i like amy and julia the best. however, i see amy having a breakdown soon. sex girl is growing on me.
rt @dlazyfilmmaker: @hitrecordjoe on @jimmyfallon? @questlove is a lifesaver. 3 celebs in 1 tweetthat has to get rt by at 1 of them not me
russell brand reads us weekly.
.@carmelitajeter are you ready for me?
i never eat the last of anything. last slice of pizza, last piece of sushi...i don't know why. #mydumbsuperstition
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a crazy, funny or weird superstition you have and tag w/ #mydumbsuperstition. could be on our show!
at the bar w/ roger federer - @wimbledon edition. #latenight #wimbledon
@gillybeanxo1021: @jimmyfallon i was at lake winnipesaukee, i def woulda had a burger with you  

thank you.
much too nice. rt @gavinpurcell: wonderfully nice words about our music and comedy in time by @poniewozik
rt: @joseramonmarmtz: @kellyripa, @kjothesmartass, @tomwaits and the federer tonight on the @latenightjimmy:
chumbawamba announced that they are breaking up after 30 years. and one song. #fallonmono #theywillgetupagain
@justinbieblet i wear one tonight. but lets say it was for you. :)
attn fans of @tomwaits: he kills it on the show tonight singing raised right men #latenight
@kellyripa are your eyes burning?
happy birthday @barrysobel!!
comic-conrs check out @nerdists #courseoftheforce. its a star wars relay from la to sdcc for make-a-wish!
new "at the bar w/ roger federer" airing tonight on late night.
tv debut of @frank_ocean singing bad religion w/ @theroots on @latenightjimmy
respect to @andy_murray. #wimbledon
nows the time on at the bar where we win the @wimbledon! congratulations roger federer, you played so the perfect. #wimbledon
guys with kids cast: official twitter @andersonanthony,
@jessebradford, @zcregger, @tempesttbledsoe, @jamielsigler and @hayeslady. #ff
to all of my canadian fans: happy canada day!!!
.@mittromney are we in the same place for the 4th of july? come by for a burger. #livefreeordie
ew! with @channingtatum.
tonight: ew! with @channingtatum
the spin class song w/ @lmfao.
look for the spin class song with @lmfao on the show tonight! #pedalpedalpedal
party rocking tonight will be the gentlemen from @lmfao. we might sing a new song together as well. #latenight
my guests tonight. #funshow
i did day 2 even though i skipped 5 days to do it. gonna finish this. #c25kupdate
got a keg, brought it home, put it on ice. two hours into bbq, realized it was non-alcoholic beer. #worstbbqever
hashtag game! tweet out something crazy, funny or embarrassing that happened at a bbq and tag with #worstbbqever. could be on our show!
on the show tonight: emma stone, champ @dwyanewade, larry hagman, patrick duffy (@therealpduffy) and hypnotist @marksweettweet.
from #lnjf (blog): here's @alabama_shakes performing "be mine" last night.
show starts in 10 minutes - turn your tvs to nbc.
we have the best show tonight: @charliesheen, @bethstern, anthony davis (@antdavis23) and music from @alabama_shakes! #latenight
thanks again, @piersmorgan. next week?
@crzymonkeys_94: why is @jimmyfallon giving out so much turtle wax on his show?? they dont even pay us!?!?!
@savvyauntie thank you pal. hope you are well.
@guyserota: does that mean no new show tonight? thats bs man! :-) no way. new show tonight w/ denis leary, fun. and thank you notes!
running app told me to take the day off. awesome. #5kupdate
scute #sacute #sqt
go now. the @justinbieber qanda on @youtube is starting in seconds.
.@thedailyshow it was close until i was purposely hit by a slow thrown underhand soft ball in the 6th. #benchclearing
congrats @thedailyshow on your softball win! it was close. 19-2.
funny q and a with 30 rock's (and old weekend update producer and one time member of the dazz band) robert carlock.
tonight on late night - @courteneycox, @anthonymackie
and music from @kennychesney!
@lizfedak: why dont you pass out your cue cards anymore jimmy?! i miss it ok. ill bring it back.
@b3ko: @jimmyfallon its # of miles per hour. 60 mins / 6.2 miles. just under 10 min mile. 60/3.3 is just under 20 min mile. thanks!
50 shades of grey karaoke!
@annekwilkinson: @jimmyfallon im doing couch to 5k too! on week 2. not too bad so far! its fine. you have to have tv or music low.
i did first couch to 5k day today. it takes about 25 mins plus getting ready before and after - around 45 mins total.  #5kupdate
tonight, we have penelope cruz! we have levar burton! we have kate upton! and most importantly, we have air conditioning!
#fallonmono
our office changed casual friday to naked friday. #itssohot
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out something funny about how hot it is, and tag with #itssohot. could be on our show!
thank you to all of the radio stations that had me on this morning and to all of my fans for requesting #blowyourpantsoff.
fiona apple covers @paulmccartney w/ @theroots
we won a big award tonight!!! so happy. so proud of our show. how the video went over well.
happy birthday @paulmccartney!
thanks to jackie deshannon for mentioning my duet @paulmccartney on breakfast with the beatles. #blowyourpantsoff
@yesthatevan: watching snl rerun from 2004 on vh1. love the hockey mullet,
please call your local radio station and request history of rap w/justin timberlake this weekend! #blowyourpantsoff is in stores now.
thursday, june 21. i will be interviewing @justinbieber on youtube. #askjustin 
this monday is the 200th anniversary of the war of 1812. or as it was known in 1812, the war. #fallonmono
taking my hot air balloon over to my favorite starbucks. kelly just knows how to make my lattes juuuust righ
china is sending its 1st female astronaut to space. which is awesome, til you hear its because her parents already have a boy. #fallonmono
i'm going to be interviewing @justinbieber on youtube next thursday june 21 and asking your questions. gonna be fun.
that's my boy's @adamsandler on the show tonight!! #latenight

the evolution of dad dancing
excited to play @eamaddennfl 13 against the jets' darrelle revis (@revis24) tonight. jets vs jets. gonna be good.
excited to play @eamaddennfl 13 against the jets' darrelle revis (@revis24) tonight. jets vs jets. gonna be good.
our comedy album, blow your pants off is #12 on itunes. almost in the top 10!!! let's do it!!!
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out something funny, weird or embarrassing about your dad and tag w/ #thatsmydad. could be on our show!
tonights show: the great ice-t - @finallevel, the funny @lenadunham, the talented @norahjones and the terrifying ps3s the last of us.
download a copy of late night's musical comedy album blow your pants off on itunes for father's day.
on my way to @howardstern on @sternshow xm 100 @ 8:00. promoting our comedy album #blowyourpantsoff
thank you everyone for watching!!! now almost time for #latenight. see you soon!
@tthunderoad88 thank you
@ucfbiggie: @jimmyfallon what's your favorite sandwich? blt. no mayo.
@dougiedancing: #blowyourpantsoff is getting some crazy promotion on xbox live and zune!!
@uurf: @jimmyfallon when will it be on spotify? i think it is.
so far its history of rap with @jtimberlake #blowyourpantsoff
whats your favorite track on #blowyourpantsoff ? be sure to hashtag #blowyourpantsoff thanks!
@qvc see you tonight!!!
our new musical comedy album blow your pants off is now 18 on itunes. let's get it to top 10! just so we can
listen to @pearljams eddie vedder sing balls in your mouth. (protest song about bp oil)
@abaker20: already went out this a.m. and got the album also downloaded it on itunes as well. #blowyourpantsoff amazing album. thanks!
happy monday. video game week starts tonight!!! black ops 2!!
thank you @ryanseacrest and @americantop40 for the funtimes!! any opportunity to do my casey kasem impression
@toooshie damon and quest played them as the record rewind part!
special thanks to @mikedicenzo and @johnwhaskell for the idea. and of course - @questlove for the kazoo!!
almost 1 million in 1 day! thanks! call me maybe played on classroom instruments:
@sgitw: @jimmyfallon and @questlove how many takes did it take to record "call me maybe"? it was fantastic! 1 take.
we're going live in 15 minutes! singing songs from my new album. #blowyourpantsoff
i'm performing songs from my new album "blow your pants off" live on youtube at 8pm est!
call me maybe played on classroom instruments.
@kirstiealley: thank you @bookexpoamerica !!! thank u distinguished authors. heard you killed it today. congrats.
new show tonight with @chrisrock, @catdeeley, mario gutierrez, hashtags and @carlyraejepsen! #latenight
my childhood home is for sale.
im up early today making appearance at the book expo streaming live
blow your pants off is out next tuesday, june 12th!! you tube live stream fri @ 8.
my parents, sister, her husband and i all shared one hotel room in lake george. people on floor, people on couch. i was 30. #worstfamilytrip
new show tonight: @juliannehough, @colin_hanks, @bobmarleycomedy and leon redbone sitting in with @theroots!
romney gave his volunteers sweatshirt for making calls on his behalf. the sweatshirts are just like romney: 100% reversible.#fallonmono
pres.obama gave bon jovi a ride in air force one.makes sense bon jovis living on a prayer, while obamas campaigning on one.#fallonmono
@opieradio thanks. ill see you guys next week.
video game week is coming next week on late night.
@danefrazier: @jimmyfallon isnt glenn frey on this week? normally, hes on every week, but not this one. #thehiso
jason schwartzman and i as 70's duo tux performing "little pepper."
listening to @jakefogelnest on xm 35. so good. #fogelnest #egon
@watcherlinda: jimmy, great to see that you and lnjf are back again.  have a wonderful day! :) great to be back! fun new shows all week!
new late night tonight!! beer pong w/ @angie_harmon, new music from @respektor and jason schwartzman and i duet. #littlepepper #tux
excited to be back to the show tonight. our musical comedy album blow your pants off comes out next tuesday!
@jessseinfeld say hi to my friends at village pizza and the exchange for a drink!! #saugerties
@djmogg: families and buckets being played at my brothers graduation party!!  
a blow your pants off you tube concert and q and a coming soon!!
#surfgang code name: gayle
@tattooedmeat: @jimmyfallon how about the "talon"? i like kodi. trodi?
@matt101590: @jimmyfallon bode obviously getting there.
@djpollo: @jimmyfallon i say yur name should be logan i like.
i got the week off - might catch some waves today. (even though i cant surf and its freezing)
tonight we are re-airing the president @barackobama slow jamming the news. check it out tonight on late nigh
for grads and dads - thank you notes 2. out now!
thank you notes 2 is #1 in humor on the zon. thank you!!! #falpals
@notevenloaded: ah @jimmyfallon was an answer (question?) on jeopardy! @latenightjimmy
downton abbey fans: here's episode 2 of our version, downton sixbey
last night was the brest book signing ever.
transformers: the ride  3d officially opens at @unistudios hollywood today! it's a combo of 3d and virtual reality. it's fun! #tfride
will smith and fallon 20's radio show.
i'm at barnes and noble signing books tonight in union square. come say hi.
@questlove: i just copped 100 of these
@iamcolinquinn you are a common street tough and a ne'er-do-well. good day to you.
reminder: 3pm (new york) 12pm (la) order one copy of thank you notes 2 on amazon. # 1 book in america. (for an hour)
big show tonight!! will smith, bill paxton, ronnie dunn and stone gossard sitting in with the roots. #latenight
perm week continues tonight on #latenight
@jameskirkland21: @jimmyfallon u still have the badge from taxi that got turned into that ghetto money clip u always wanted? i think so.
funny people on the show tonight: @jimgaffigan, @pennjillette and @mrteller. #latenight
thank you notes 2 is avail. if you didn't order it already, don't. i have a plan. if we all buy it at the sa
new @bigandrich!
fun show tonight:  @andersoncooper @johnmayer and @theafghanwhigs!!
our book is out!!! pick it up at your local bookstore, get it online or ask your local library.
also - i'll be signing our newest book at the barnes and noble in union square on thursday night. see yaaaaa.
@acorey04 love to you too!
@jenyceats: @jimmyfallon is signing his newest book at the barnes and noble in union square on thursday night. i be dere
@lary deal
@dougiedancing 8?
.@mirandacosgrove and i have an announcement to make on the show tonight. #latenight
thank you notes 2 comes out tomorrow!!! this one plays the theme song!
our program tonight includes: @john_lithgow, @mirandacosgrove and @slash. #latenight
so happy that i got to tell robin gibb in person how much i loved him. he was a funny guy with an amazing voice. rip our brother. #beegees
follow a positive, creative and funny man - (creator of drake and josh, icarly etc.) dan schneider @danwarp #ff
from #lnjf (blog): paul weller performs "that's entertainment" #thejam
happy birthday @craigyferg!
hashtag game! tweet out your own funny or weird graduation speech in 140 characters and tag w/ #mygraduationspeech. could be on our show!
wax on wax off with special guest ny jets pro bowl center @nickmangold
.@nickmangold is a legend. thanks for doing that.
new @realtenaciousd album the rise of the fenix is available right now. they will be performing on our show tonight. #funtimes
major show tonight!! @gordonramsay01, @jeffanimalguy
and @willienelson. #latenight
@82ndscout: @jimmyfallon @amyozols hopefully you help portray to the under-educated women that a man with kids is not a bad thing we do!
@guitarseastar thanks.
guys with kids (the new sitcom that i'm producing with @amyozols) has a time slot!!! wednesday's at 8:30. sneak peek:
mother's day is this sunday. here are our favorite #thatsmymom tweets from you guys.
will ferrell sings about his "tight pants"  
@shoemakermike: downtown sixbey 2!  coming soon!
promo for tonight.
.@govchristie come by the show whenever you can.
.@govchristie i'll tell you what needs more material - your suits. ha! jk. love you.
thanks buddy. @gavinpurcell
my mom dumped a bowl of raisin bran on my head because i was being fresh. #thatsmymom
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out something funny or weird about your mom and tag with #thatsmymom. could be on our show!
tonight we have: @howardstern, @brooklyndecker and giada de laurentiis - @gdelaurentiis! #latenight
thank you to @voguemagazine and @metmuseum for a great time last night.@brunomars hit a home run. #metgala
send your mom a pre-order of thank you notes 2. this limited edition comes with a  sound chip that plays the theme!
@troy_everheart hi
i just met rosario dawson at the met ball! so excited!!!
@carolina_maria_ go get em.
tonight: @thebeachboys on late night!!
up and ready for the eif revlon run/walk in times square here in new york city!
this what's on tonight. like it?
thanks, keith.
tomorrow is cinco de mayo and the kentucky derby! or as stupid hats call it, go time!! #fallonmono
so sad to hear of the passing of adam yauch.  he was a great performer, director, father, humanitarian and new yorker. #ripmca
pre-order our album "blow your pants off" on
the ability to make peoples' cell phones not work in movie theaters. #mysuperpower
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a funny or crazy superpower you wish you had and tag with #mysuperpower. could be on our show!
follow wednesday @questlove of the roots
psyched to have an interview and a song from @ladyantebellum tonight. #latenight
fun show tonight with @mruff221 @mariobatali @stevenbward @loveagent and @santigold! #latenight
walk of shame featuring @davejmatthews is on itunes front page. our comedy album blow your pants off comes o
rt@shoemakermike: slow jam w potus and the roots is close to 5 million.  let's do it!
tv debut of comedians the lucas brothers.
@nickmangold enjoy my friend!!
romney is only 300 delegates short of winning the nomination. while gingrich is only 3 stamps short of getting a free cinnabon. #fallonmono
walk of shame song featuring @davejmatthews is now available on itunes.
college students, this one's for you: "walk of shame" featuring @davejmatthews
@sterry4: nike+gps is fantastic because it tracks runs and gives encouragement while your running! i love nike +. i want a game kindof.
@fattonysmacbook: @jimmyfallon you could always just...run. nah... too easy.
any good "learn to run a 5k" apps out there that you guys like? theres a bunch, but which one is good?
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a funny, crazy or embarrassing way you injured yourself & tag w/ #mydumbinjury could be on our show!
rt @barackobama: if you missed it last night, here's president obama and @jimmyfallon slow jamming:
tonight is a fun show. president @barackobama, @davejmatthews (new song "mercy") and our song "walk of shame". it's late - but who cares?
- @juddapatow dude you know we don't have that kind of money!?! we're on at 12:30 in the morning.
thank you @barackobama. such an honor to have you on the show tonight. same time next week?
@rockelll thank you. you guys were great. please have one for me.
the president has left the building. this has been one of the most exciting things i've ever done. #obamaonfallon
here we go! #obamaonfallon
today just feels different.
thanks tarheels!!! can't wait to see you tomorrow. #obamaonfallon
send in your questions for the president! hashtag #obamaonfallon. yours could be on the show tuesday night.
good morning #unc campus. i'm happy to be here and excited for tomorrows show with @barackobama and @davejmatthews - its gonna be good.
@mamalukapr you got it!!!
goodbye italy!! thank you, roma!
goodbye italy!! thank you, roma!
@advocatebc security helped but it was a fun party.
we're celebrating @recordstoreday tomorrow! get a tebowie 7 vinyl pressing & support your local record store:
map room at the vatican.
so excited for this tuesday! unc, i'm coming with president @barackobama @theroots & @davematthewsbnd. #obamaonfallon
the president of the united states!?!?! @barackobama see you tuesday!!! #obamaonfallon
my mt. vesuvius "laughter eruption" surprise comedy show has been cancelled due to poor weather conditions. 
here we go...
announcing album title tomorrow. any guesses? #june12
playing the coliseum tonight.
@springsteen: bring on your wrecking ball, @jimmyfallon! 
positano. wow.
i'm off to italy. i've never been. so excited. see you soon @pope!
our downton abbey parody is now on youtube.
go yankees!!
downton abbey fans - please enjoy downton sixbey
crazy fried chicken battle with @davidchang & @questlove, tina fey plays catchphrase and john slattery models. tonight on #latenight
tonight is the premiere of our downton abbey spoof downton sixbey as well as @davidchang, tina fey and john slattery.
animal thoughts.
change the channel to late night now on nbc! it's a good show.
the pros and cons of a mitt romney presidency.
tonight: @joelmchale, @jimcameron, @thetings & the voice "eliminees"
@karladavismusic @kimyarbrough @erinmartinmusic!
actress lisa rinna is the new spokesperson for depends adult diapers. yeah, the story wasn't supposed to get out, but it leaked. #fallonmono
@realtesswilson hi
new show tonight: @1capplegate, @janegoodallinst and @white_rabbits. #latenight
so excited!!! pulp (@pulp2011) is reuniting and playing our show tonight. it's gonna be good.
artie lange is now on twitter (quitter) @artiequitter. welcome, my friend!
downton sixbey premieres next week on late night
slap fight w/ two fun men. @arthurmeyer13 and @johnwhaskell
tonight we have: the beautiful, the funny @sofiavergara, the beautiful, the funny @juddapatow & @walkthemoon!
thanks, max!
hashtag game! tweet something crazy, funny or embarrassing that happened on spring break & tag w/ #springbreakmistake could be on our show!
fun show tonight: nyc mayor @mikebloomberg, american reunion's @alydenisof and pegi young!
tonight regis has a song about a toy from his youth (his weenie doll) also great stories as always. #latenight
how ya like me now? thanks @mikedicenzo.
my man alfie bautista stole the show. i'll be back, alfie. #seriousfun
i can't follow @joshgroban!!?!?! #seriousfun
boy, i cannot spell tonight. i'm so sorry for all of these tweets. but i want to get it right. here we go... #paulnewman #seriousfun
@clanfitz thank you!!
super happy birthday to @talrabinowitz!!!! karaoke soon.
today is shooting day for guys with kids. rehearsals went well, but we tape today. send good vibes.
my childhood home in saugerties, ny is for sale. please someone cool buy it! great place to grow up.
.@charliesheen's new fragrance: clone cologne.
@adrianalima you are in trouble. you know why.
.@shaq did you payoff our bet?
tonight on late night
we have 20 winners. congrats! enjoy the show. i'll see you on sunday. #guyswithkids
guys with kids this sunday, 4pm studio city, ca. first 20 people to email: tickets@audiencesunlimited.com and hashtag #babybjorn good luck!!
shooting my new tv show "guys with kids" this sunday!! great cast. wanna come see it? giving away 20 tickets.
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out the best prank you or someone you know ever played & tag w/ #bestprankever. could be on our show!
@questove's drumsticks are ah-maaazing!!! congrats @cook4quest.
.@shaq and i play hallway golf and he loses another bet. watch him tonight!
@twilightildawn happy birthday!!! please have the best year ever.
.@madonnamdnaday number one worldwide?!  how do you think this sudden fame will change your life?
.@madonnamdnaday did you know they spelled your name wrong on the cover? (some letters are missing.)  hope you didn't print too many copies!
@twilightildawn: "record store day 2012 reveals full list of releases
@kpereira ha. i'm down.
the madonna interview. (if you missed it)
the hot new dance move: "the j.d.n.a." #mdna
thank you guys for watching thanks to facebook and especially madonna.
we are going live with madonna in 90 minutes on facebook! 6:30 pm nyc time.
christian slater is on our show tonight and he's also now on twitter. welcome @christianslate4.
syracuse!!! @gavinpurcell you owe me.
@dsofia7 thank you.
@leecee81: @jimmyfallon we want more #tebowie u created a #tebowie monster #lmaooooo album coming out in june
@rushsoccerx19 happy birthday!!!
@coolkidnation thanks. preesh.
right now - hunger games lead jennifer lawrence, @wendyliebman and @iamjericho might even sing! #nbc #fallon
ahhh!!! we made it through round 3!! falpals:top 8 of seacrest's hollywood hunger games.
i once was talked into getting a perm. (i was in college and it was free.) #imanidiot
tebowie is coming to the ny jets!!!
late night with jimmy "falon" #nbc #respect
tebow and bowie become one - tebowie sings about the peyton manning situation.
make sure to tune into the show tonight because we can't put our cold open online at all. #tebowie
tebowie sings about peyton manning tonight on late night. #tebowie
haircut with @sallyhershberger. trying to make my face look fatter and going for "rounder" hair.
@gvallaris: why don't you interview madonna in person? it is in person. live on facebook this sat at 6pm est.
this saturday i will be interviewing madonna on facebook. 6pm est. we will be taking questions from all around the world! #mdnamarch26
happy spring in nyc
.@jayleno is not allowed to say why he is wearing a mustache during the monologue. heeee. this is making me laugh.
jay leno with a mustache. he does the monologue with it the whole time and can't explain that he lost a bet 
we are back! new show tonight. but what mustache will @jayleno where during his mono tonight?
happy st. patrick's day!!
.@jayleno will wear a moustache during his monologue monday night.
@merlestadnyk: @jimmyfallon take one of his cars back to new york i'm gonna ask him!! good idea!
i la for @jayleno tonight. i might challenge him to a game, make him drink a beer. #happystpaddysday
one of my favorite comedians - martin short is on letterman tonight! #lateshow
.@questlove flying back to nyc. i'll slap you five in the air and you come back to austin, right? #tagteam #whoopthereitis
nice one from @torchytaco! #sxsw
izzoz tacos was awesome. thanks guys!! #sxsw
what texmex or bbq place should i go to here in austin?
austin, i brought you the sun. on my way back to nyc now. thanks #sxsw.
i want a rematch race with the bearded dude at #sxsw. #nofair #iwasntready
@pucky22 i wasn't winded. (yes i was)
backstage in the hilton at #sxsw #giantdonut
11am panel tomorrow. let's make it feel like 10am. #daylightsavings #sxsw
here at #sxsw. hosting a panel tomorrow. 11am. stop by and say hi!
rt @huffpostcomedy: 80's springsteen and 70's neil young sing #lmfao
trending and happy. good night.
right now - turn on nbc and watch pure joy. roots, tom morello and bruce and the e street band. #estreetshuffle
wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
we are on in 7 minutes!!! it's one of my favorite episodes. turn on nbc. i hope you like it.
80's bruce springsteen and 70's neil young team up again tonight. #springsteenonfallon
love you back.rt @ginapage2479:love the show! doin by best to spread the lnjf love over here in uk - long live late night with jimmy
just saw e street rehearsal - tonight is gonna be a party!!
special thanks to the falpals!!!
we are turning 3 years old today! thanks to everyone who puts this show together and thank you for watching us. springsteen! #latenight
fun show tonight with @lindsaylohan @robriggle and @elviscostello covering springsteen. #latenight
he used to take his pants off when it got too hot in the office. #mycoworkeriscrazy
hashtag game! tweet out some funny, weird, or crazy story about your coworker and tag with #mycoworkeriscrazy. could be on our show!
let us play with your look makeover disater with don cheadle.
all new short of 80's dating service cupid's arrow
early clip alert: @springsteen and the e street band perform "wrecking ball" on tonight's #springsteenonfallon
.@springsteen fans wrecking ball performance was so good that we're trying to get it out early on our site.
pre-order new bruce springsteen and the e st. band - wrecking ball. see 2 songs tonight. #springsteenonfallon
springsteen is in the house!! tonight. #springsteenonfallon
emma stone is killing it. so fun.
meep beep beep bop bop beep.
i have a crow. #oscars
@madatnumbers love that!!
@amandaraev that looks great!!
.@pearljam performs jeremy (lin-sanity)
promo for tonight's show.
@lesleyjanega what am i on? how can i help?
watch @sfosternyc and cast of anything goes kill it tonight on the show.
come to new york and see a broadway show!
new episode of sports freak out!
nice. this your follow up call. you awake? @dollhairbill: @jimmyfallon woke me up this morning
she used to eat life cereal for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. #mysiblingisweird
hashtag game! tweet out some funny or weird story about your brother or sister and tag w/ #mysiblingisweird. could be on our show!
we are lucky to have our show based in new york. it's broadway week here at late night.
our great director/writer @danopsal and writer @johnwhaskell make walter kump: robot voice a thing. here:
unauthorized jimmy fallon musical
fun!! hi australia!! rt @trendsaustralia: @jimmyfallon is now trending in australia
bill gates attended a fundraiser for president obama. yeah, he wasn't invited, but in typical microsoft fashion  he crashed it. #fallonmono
we have a performance from how to succeed in business without really trying. the original title: the kim kardashian story. #fallonmono
news. now. night news now.
one of my favs maya rudolph hosts snl tonight. can't wait!! #snl
3000 fuel units!! theres a first time for everything. like hitting my first daily goal. see how:
new show tonight!!
from #lnjf (blog): #mygrandmaiscool hashtags! #fallonhashtags
heres to a beautiful day today! #ivealreadytalkedto3dopesanditsnoteven1030
mardi gras pros and cons
new young adult novel trafficked by kim purcell out today!!
new young adult novel trafficked by kim purcell out today!!
my grandma made hot cocoa for all my friends after sledding, and then moonwalked. #mygrandmaiscool
hashtag game! tweet out some funny or weird story about your grandma and tag w/ #mygrandmaiscool. could be on our show!
stephen colbert and the trojan pint
what do celebrities whisper to each other on the red carpet? find out.
happy fallontine's day.
i'm not sure i trust my enemy for 6 months stephen colbert. hmmm...
we miss you.
bon iver!!!!! justin!!!!!! yay!!!!! well deserved!!
this is a great tribute!! #grammys
i'm gonna be a guest on @verge w/ @joshuatopolsky not to be confused with the "virgin" also hosted by @joshuatopolsky.
yaaaayyy!!! shamrock shakes are in!!!
congrats @timoflegend on the successful kickstarter campaign! the more
it gets funded, the more cool stuff gets made.
cute kid. rt @mofurnari119: can a get a shout out for your #1 fan?
.@bravoandy watching tonight. i'm a fan of both of your guests. #shotski #wwhl
a study found 94% of one-dollar bills carry germs. or as mitt romney put it, thats why i only use fifties and hundies! #fallonmono
sneak peek.
watch the first lady @michelleobama and me have a @letsmove competition in the white house tonight. #letsmove #fallontonight #bocameo
got high school gf a whitman's sampler, then i ate the cherry cordial. re-arranged the candy so she wouldn't know. busted. #myworstvalentine
we are back in nyc live tonight with the first lady!! a little fitness competition in the white house. #fallontonight
watch our show tonight - best of our musical sketches. tebowie, history of rap, whip my hair #bestoffallon
adele - super bowl special opening
we do the voice & i play @lmfao, @taylorswift13, @justinbieber, @joshgroban, @brunomars, @eminem, @djpaulyd. #fallonliveaftergame
don't go to sleep you guys. we are on live right after the voice!! @adamsandler, andy samberg, @official_flo & the ny giants! #fallonshow
#tucking is the new #tebowing.   #fallonliveaftergame
get out your rowdy rags! two more minutes to the 3 minute warning. #fallonliveaftergame
hey everybody, get out your rowdy rags! one more minute to the 3 minute warning. #fallonliveaftergame
bend it like beckham. #totheleft
i already lost $100. #fallonliveaftergame
i'll be tweeting during the game up to our live show tonight right after the super bowl!! #fallonliveaftergame
@tmsjay it's a big night for us, but we're ready.
today is our big super bowl show in indy!!!! thanks for the good food and good people at patachou!! #greatbreakfast
two tebows at one time... double tebow?
@hasselbeck hmm i can make that happen tonight - but we have no show. ahhh. we're on tomorrow.
fire truck, *friar* *tuck*, justin tuck, bringin' ya back to the new york giants,
*tebow* time, bringin' ya back to tim tebow, he's throwin' a hail mary while sayin' a hail mary, hail mary full of grace, grace under fire,
tiger, *cougar*, bringin' ya back to madonna, she's doin' the halftime show, halftime, *over*time,
@hasselbeck gracias. when are you coming by the show?
can't sit next to @claymatthews52. his arms are too big. #squished
right now - #nflhonors written by mets bucket hat guy #howyoulikemenow #latenight
.@shaq in a pink bikini.
tune in tonight. we have @snoopdogg,
@shaq, @fitzandtantrums and super bowl thank you notes. #latenight
more good food in indianapolis: the @libertineindy (mussels) and @kountrykitchen (soul food) #indyfood
real housewives of the colts feat dallas clark, bethea (@tweez41), @robertmathis, @pierregarcon85 & @danorlovsky
the real housewives of late night meet the real housewives of the indianapolis colts
happy birthday to our awesome photographer @lloydbishop!!!
so many fun things on the show tonight. one of our best ever. tune in!! #latenight
subs across america
i think we made our best head swap yet. co-starring bob costas and @marcoandretti. thanks indy speedway! (@ims)
new head swap right now. #latenight.
prop to recess in indy for some of the best food i've had in a long time. yum!! also - love the staff.
world premiere of subs across america tonight on late night. tune in to see if your video made it in!
tonight on late night: @realtracymorgan, @timtebow, @therejects, guest anncr @deionsanders & indy race w/ @marcoandretti.
we are so excited for our first show in indianapolis tonight!!! set your dvr's. #latenight
monument circle is a party right now!! #latenight in indianapolis starts tomorrow night!
@camhoff wednesday night.
zipped!! #sb46 #latenight
nfl zip line. i'll be there in 20. #indy #superbowlvillage
@nlars01 what are you guys watching?
shout out to the girls from schwitzer hall. #butleru
@sbxlvizipline you don't scare me.
head swap with @marcoandretti at indy. #latenight
shot from behind the screen backstage. starting in 3 minutes!!! #havefun
.@bravoandy real housewives of late night are coming to the super bowl. rt @blakefogelsong
thanks to bryn, vlada and meg at @stelmo for the great dinner last night. #latenightindy
we are in indianapolis!! #latenightindy #lucasoilstadium
@landfishes happy birthday!
the baltimore ravens will take on the patriots. when asked if they were excited for the game - quoth the ravens, never more. #fallonmono
snow!!!!! yay!!!!!!
tonight - thank you notes, music by cults, (@cultscultscults) i play password with @stacykeibler and @joan_rivers gets stoned on #latenight
goat leg greg with ewan mcgregor
what is your "good luck" song? (you know, when something good happens to you and that song is playing somewhere?) #goodlucksong
thank you, people. now i have to figure out what to get you. #youregettingaroomba
big nike announcement today. fuelband looks awesome.
@clintwinstead: @jimmyfallon you are the legend whisperer. haaaa! thank you.
love @billcosby - stay tuned for @wale & the roots on #latenight
watch late night tonight on nbc. here's a promo...
thank you @bravoandy! funtimes.
on my way to see @bravoandy & the gang at watch what happens. going on live at 11 on bravo. i'm bringing a gift. tweet andy questions!
hashtag game! tweet something funny/weird you or someone else does for sports games and tag w/ #gamedaysuperstition. could be on our show!
.@butleru - we heard you and we're coming over! sun, jan 29th, 7pm @cloweshall. tickets go on sale for students today at 5pm.
we are honored to have the great bill cosby on the show tonight.
kyra sedgwick (man on a ledge), @ndamukong_suh, abby lee miller (dancemoms) and @outasight on #latenight tonight.
.@karenelsonmusic the pleasure was mine. he told me have you follow him on twitter @woodyallen. or @80miles. #carlyle
a bakery is selling pretzels inspired by tim tebow. you can tell cuz if you eat one in new england, you end up choking. #fallonmono
thanks to @adamlevine for the presenting fun. #goldenglobes
@thekylemoffatt: there you go rt @mary_paoletti gillette pa blaring bowie's "space oddity."" yes!!!!
@mattomalley: wbz #patriots pregame show just played the tebowie clip. i'm sure the jumbotron will be next. nice work! thanks!
tim tebow + david bowie = tebowie 
@salamandrsistrs love that thanks!!
tebowie tumblr.
thank you radio for playing tebowie!!! so fun.
@oandashow thank you guys!!
@neptunesong: i heard #tebowie on the radio this morning and burst out laughing...i thought it really was bowie! spot-on! what station?
what do you get when you cross tim tebow with david bowie? #tebowie #latenight
great writers for our opening bit tonight. idea by @patrickborelli song by @mikedicenzo @gerardbradford. #latenight
fun show tonight. please watch. at least first 10 mins... #fun #latenight #1237am
from #lnjf (blog): what do celebs whisper to each other on the red carpet?
@danopsal graciouso
i thought it was one of those shows where you find out the week before that you won. so i just figured we lost. so happy!!!
@reneed0608: @jimmyfallon what about @donniewahlberg ???? he's always great tv!! he's great too.
man, @rosie o'donnell is great tv. tonight. #latenight
texted a friend: "what time's dennis' surprise party?" dennis texted back: "guess it's just a party now." #textingdisaster
tina fey and @questlove make peace.
tina fey on the show this eve. #latenight
the 1st nh precinct to report votes was in the town, dixville notch. then it was on to its neighboring town, chesticle falls. #fallonmono
promo for tonight's late night: wahlberg, napoleon d and e-cards.
tonight we've got mark wahlberg (contraband), napoleon dynamite and music by surfer blood. #latenight
@bravoandy congrats on the show. love the line up tonight!
@meldiv75 thank you.
how do you like me now? mets bucket hat guy with fred armisen
@ceciliagarza05 smart kid.
with @captainkdouglas and @brainofjoacohen and off to see something awesome. #vanhalen at cafe wha? whaaaaaaa?!?!?!
late night tonight - @maddow talks election, armisen does elvis, mets bucket hat guy & @sharonvanetten debuts!
hey everyone, we just released a new version of my wake up call app which fixes a couple of bugs. thanks!
go see "the artist". it's a silent movie - so clever - so good. i haven't had an experience watching a movie like that ever. #academyaward
new promo got tonight - ed burns, iron chef and mitt romney (kind of)
said she got tix to lollapalooza. me: how'd you get tickets to lollapalooza? mom: are you kidding me? they're my favorite group. #momquotes
.@late_show hey dave, i have no idea what you're talking about. just call me. @#hashtag
.@rupertmurdoch great new year's party the other night. i think i left my lmfao cd at your pad. need that. burn it & return it. #watsupdoch
good morning!! new shows tonight. it's great to be back. i missed everyone.
@kelliemackay: wait, is @jimmyfallon on tonight? or no? no. we are back tomorrow!!
happy twenty dozen!!!
i love @pauleyp. especially after our flight experience.
robert deniro and i play password against bradley cooper right now on nbc.
@ryanharvey_ thank you.
congrats @mariobatali rt @tvbythenumbers: 'the chew' hits series/weekly high
@krishangandhii not sure yet brother. hopefully soon!
@kaitlinlovesnyc you too!
late night tonight - fun repeat of tom cruise playing horsewreathshoes and @joshuatopolsky with new cameras and tech.
if you got an iphone for christmas - download my alarm clock app where i will call you and wake you up. it's fun.
i don't care what your mama says... christmastime is here!!
merry christmas!!
from #lnjf (blog): t'was the night before (noun) 
we found a small bug in the wake up
call app! if you've got 24 hour time turned on in the settings - it might crash. turn it off. gracias.
thanks to @mariogodiva for the kangoo j's! they're fun!
rt @stereogum: watch rufus wainwright and the roots do minuit, chrtiens on late night
that's next up. rt @ciaogiuliana: do it for droid. wake up call app (alarm clock where i call you and wake you up)
our wake up call app (alarm clock where i call you and wake you up) is #2 in entertainment!
if you bought the app, use the lock button when you go to sleep! it dims the clock and makes sure you'll get the call in the morning.
also - you can adjust the snooze times. (why is it always 7 minutes?)
17 different alarms and like 15 new ringtones. it tells you the weather, date and time (obviously).
our wake up call app is live!!
@hannah_a32 thank you. i had so much fun.
@hannah_a32 thank you. i had so much fun.
fun show tonight - tom cruise, @joshuatopolsky and rufus wainwright. we also debut our new app. #latenight
@dazzleme24 thank you.
@becmelang happy birthday!! have a great one!
launching new app tonight!! stay tuned. it's fun.
@deelov3 how'd you like the show tonight?
.@nomar5 love you nomaaaaah
it's a holiday duets album with @michaelbuble, @rustyrockets, @justinbieber & @kanyewest.
.@rustyrockets i've improved a bit, yes?
.@nbcsnl weekend update reunion with @sethmeyers21, amy poehler and tina fey.
@idr3amofgenie thank you!
@samantharonson love you pal. thanks!
@aguynamedshane thank you
for some fun trivia - i was wearing bill murray's bee costume for goodnights. thanks wardrobe dept. i love #billmurray.
thank you for all of the tweets. happy sunday!
honest: i'm drunk. i'm home. i had so much fun. thank you!!
here we go!! saturday night live now!!!!
almost dress rehearsal time!!
thanks!! (wow, fun day already)rt @nytimestv: 2011 tv: homeland, parks and recreation, the hour
my horoscope today. thanks @newyorkpost! #snl
i'm feeling good. today's gonna be awesome.
hey guys! i'm coming down! see you soon!!
the day before saturday night live! who's camping out? who's having a party?
cool! @ejkasch: @jimmyfallon your twitter bio was just an answer on jeopardy.
.@late_show dave, i somehow got your tweet. bummer about the finger. you're really good at this!
all new - saturday night live. this saturday. have a holiday party!
just getting home. these writing nights are crazy. forgot about these. we have some fun sketches though.
photo shoot over. promos shot. now writing night!!!! #dec17snl
central park: "have the best week!" me: "oh, get over yourself!"
@twilightildawn hey. thanks for coming to see it.
@chicagoyld thanks again!
thank you chicago! heaviest pizza in the world. (30 lbs per pizza unit.) but delicious too. thanks @mrhoratiosanz
i'm so psyched! i didn't get to see this. dream come true. i'm flying back to nyc tonight.
i want to thank all my jewish friends in chicago. tonight was fun!
from #lnjf (blog): the 12 daze of christmas
late night now - trav and hashtags.
@thegallerydumbo some good ones there. thanks.
happy birthday jim morrison. would've been 68 today.
in high school, all my friends were getting video games. i got a three stooges tie. #worstxmasgift
hashtag game! tweet the worst christmas gift you or someone you know got (or gave) and tag with #worstxmasgift. could be on our show!
the roots album is out today! get undun on itunes or click here for amazon
so happy to be on @rockcenternbc tonight @ 10 with brian williams. i hope he liked my gift.
tonight:@stevemartintogo, emily vancamp, snoop dogg & wiz khalifa.you should smell the weed smoke coming from steve martin's dressing room.
@joeljanse thanks!
thank you, pal. rt @sandyr622: @jimmyfallon is on @z100newyork !!! awesome!!!!
so fun.
fun show tonight with maya rudolph (up all night), damian lewis (homeland)  & @richardblais (top chef)
@margotrobbie you killed it tonight. thank you for coming on the show.
facebook is launching a gambling app. its weird -- when you lose your money, facebook just repossesses your land on farmville. #fallonmono
@ryanseacrest islands in the stream?
@ryanseacrest that's you?!? ha. can i work some of my fave songs in there?
so psyched to fill in for casey kasem this weekend on @americantop40! so fun!
"since yule been gone" #newholidaysongs
"drop it like it's hot chocolate" #newholidaysongs
let's play the hashtag game! come up with a holiday version of a song title and tag with #newholidaysongs. could be on our show!
@dougiedancing thank you so much. i really appreciate it. that's super cool.
chargers kicker novak was caught urinating on the sidelines. marking the only time fans were glad a player didn't go for 2. #fallonmono
@cadyhaff i'd love to. keep working hard.
@mayhemmiller ahhh i wish i knew! we're doing one tonight with herman cain vs super mario.
@xteenalee he's a smart kid
@mackenzietufo fun!! thanks!
diggnation's @alexalbrecht and @kevinrose are back on the show tonight!! & of course betty white, jack houston and jimmy cliff.
thanksgiving head swap
traffic is crazy today. probably cause its cyber monday.
@andrewzimmern oh i'm on it. thanks.
turkey sandwich # 4. hope you all had a happy thanksgiving. i'm thankful for you. (and this sandwich)
head swap returns! tonight on late night.
tonight: jason schwartzman and i sing the stuffing song, sandra lee gives thanksgiving tips and @rodneyatkins plays w/ the roots! #latenight
happy thanksgiving eve!
@dougiedancing gracias.
actually it was a really fun interview. she helped me with my minnesota accent. (i still sound irish.)
i'm honored that @michelebachmann was on our show yesterday and i'm so sorry about the intro mess. i really hope she comes back.
a study says facebook users have never met 7% of their friends. the study came up in my newsfeed, from my friend the dalai lama. #fallonmono
fun show tonight with @howiemmandel , @chloegmoretz and b. o. b. #latenight
m83 rocked it last night on our show. check them out.
@questlove is grounded.
i just got schooled - shout out to chapel hill.
wanna play me? madden 12 xbox? right now. invite latenightjimmy.
@robdelaney i think i do. i'm just being lazy.
the green monster. one of the greatest experiences in my life. the sox won while we were filming this. we had to change the ending.
here comes my big oscar moment. #baseballfans fever pitch
i have to workout more. #feverpitch
what channel is fever pitch on?
i lost a frozen turkey suffleboard bet to @jayleno. denim monologue? tonight on #latenight
man, my lax holiday flash mob had a pretty deece turn out. what a night?!? #fun
33% of americans have broken up w/ someone using facebook. while 33% of kardashian sisters have broken up w/ someone using tmz. #fallonmono
i'm on jay leno tonight - but we have a new show airing right after with @billmaher @ashleymgreene @dierksbentley. #latenight
pretty decent turnout to my flash mob comedy show at jfk right now.
martin short, kermit & miss piggy and michael stipe all on the show tonight. can't wait!
its the 1st full week of games for college basketball. yeah college basketball  or as nba fans are now calling it: basketball. #fallonmono
"no gravy, no cry"   #newthanksgivingsongs
"three times a gravy." #newthanksgivingsongs
let's play the hashtag game! come up with a thanksgiving version of a song title and tag w/ #newthanksgivingsongs. could be on our show!
@miriamsr10 gracias.
@iheartjimmynet thank you pal.
chris martin break dancing.
the doors sing reading rainbow
@jakefogelnest only 4 organs like that exist. a tribute band lent it to us. i will find out who they are. much love.
@justinmerkin i'm so psyched that you got it. did you notice the "not to touch the earth" ending? i know @pulmyears did.
written by @mikedicenzo and played by @gerardbradford @80miles & @johnwhaskell on drums. #readingrainbow
the roots played the reading rainbow song live. the fake doors were 3 writers play syncing.
love you! rt @levarburton: hey @jimmyfallon y'all crushed it!!! #bydhttmwfi
@gordonramsay01 the burger kitchen  episodes of nightmares were fantastic tv. well played.
one of our best shows tonight: sandler (hilarious), chris martin (does the worm) beyonce (kills it) and thank you notes.
#ff @mxtrjoshcharles @mariobatali
new rick perry ad.
after 30 seconds, rick perry said oops. of course 30 seconds followed by an "oops" is why bieber has to take a paternity test. #fallonmono
oops! #rickperry
rpatz on the show tonight. mike white and the new legend of zelda!!! #latenight
rt @jimgaffigan: please follow @rickygervais  im trying to help him with his career.  i think hes from canada.
@tashie_xo awesome!!
promo for tonight if you're up.
microsoft, yahoo & aol are selling ads together. microsoft, yahoo & aol? sounds like the tech version of a celebrity rehab cast. #fallonmono
microsoft is teaming w/ yahoo & aol to sell internet ads. i was so excited, i immediately called my friend who lives in the 90s. #fallonmono
barking points with @mmflint (michael moore)
vote for best #latenighttvhost! (you would think that you'd vote for me, but whatevs.) vote here:
good morning! today is gonna be a good day. lots of ideas. (that's what my horoscope said) #virgo
all the guys wear plaid shirts on thanksgiving. when we sit around the table, we look like we're in an l.l. bean catalog. #mycrazyfamily
hashtag game! tweet out something funny, embarrassing, or weird about your family and tag w/ #mycrazyfamily. could be on our show!
talk to @mxtrjoshcharles. rt @jaredfirstbrook: @jimmyfallon phantom menace was and is not underrated by any means.
focus up buddy. we've got a show to do! rt@mxtrjoshcharles: phantom menace was under rated.  
#truethingswehatetoadmit
late night brainstorm w/ @andersoncooper
other voices (and arms) with @drewfromtv (drew carey) #latenight
talking with eddie murphy
ha! pics of people getting scared at a haunted house. some good ones in there.
@tresdivas happy birthday!!
80's video dating service cupid's arrow
justin bieber (it's not my) baby and justin timberlake - history of rap 3
tonight- eddie murphy, drew carey, thank you notes & childish gambino! #latenightwithjimmyfallon
rt @joseramonmarmtz: fallon plays a new game with kirsten dunst, #cupidsarrow and @nerdist
justin bieber - (it's not my) baby
justin bieber - (it's not my) baby
justin bieber performs a new song on our show tonight: "(it's not my) baby"
herman cain responds to sexual harassment allegations.
my friend @amytags sent me this pic. looks like if me and mr. bean had a baby. it's pretty crazy!!
"won't you pop my balloon" with @realtracymorgan
new show tonight: pablo francisco, @mariobatali makes dinner and tracy morgan pops my balloon. #latenight
six hour flight. barefoot guy next to me was eating a bag of corn nuts. licked all his fingers after every single one. #traveldisaster
hashtag game! tweet something funny, embarrassing or weird that happened while traveling & tag w/ #traveldisaster. could be on our show!
@s_somo sometimes. hope you are well.
the premiere of rock center (hosted by my slow jam partner brian williams) in 5 minutes! congrats bri-wy!
gotta thank @dialloriddle, @bashirsala, @questlove & the roots #historyofrap3
history of rap 3 with @jtimberlake.
rt @questlove: we did it again son: @jtimberlake & @theroots & @nilerodgers present #historyofrap3 on @latenightjimmy
thanks. #historyofrap3 trending. westcoast is next. then...?
turn to nbc right now! #historyofrap3
backstage: kirk douglas. history of rap 3 rehearsal. #roots #talent
tonight, @jtimberlake, history of rap 3, thank you notes & @kelly_clarkson. #latenight #aftergame7 #nbc
brian williams slow jams occupy wall st.
i got a flu shot and it gave me the flu. how did i not see that coming? #idiot
@rachelrod76 i love it, thanks.
@star1025 i'd love to. that's steve higgins' hometown. he talks non-stop about how much he loves it.
thank you @kevinrose and @adagioteas. best tea ever! 
halloween costumes you shouldn't dress your kids in. by @gloriafallon123
went to party dressed as the unabomber. my friend went as ethan hawke in "before sunrise." no one knew who either of us were. #halloweenfail
1st grd. got a cheap plastic batman costume. jumped off stoop & ripped the entire thing before i even went trick-or-treating. #halloweenfail
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something funny/embarrassing that happened on halloween and tag w/ #halloweenfail. could be on our show!
@robreffphd thanks! its looks great!
@kevinrose @sparker i'm getting into tea. i know you guys are masters. where/what do you guys recommend? anyone else? thanks.
the ipod turned 10 years old. yeah, 10 years  which is also the length of time it takes to detangle your ipod headphones. #fallonmono
@nejco1 mustard
jets!!! great game. wow, that was fun.
jets can do this. i gave faith in my man @dustinkeller81. he is the best!!
oh yeah, it's on. at the jets game w/ @mariobatali. #jets
@reddybelfour ha! that's great man. thanks.
neil young, eddie vedder, arcade fire & more - streaming on you tube in 10 mins.
@vinnyspin checking...
supporting bridge school is easy. text a donation! text bridge to 80888 and reply yes to donate $10. thanks. #supportbridgeschool
@gjacobs228 can't - we have a show on monday.
elbow performing "lippy kids" on the show now. love the words - build a rocket!
@iheartjimmynet yes
best game ever! (w/@juvonen) glow in the dark trac ball. thanks @gloriafallon123 #whamo
what if the jersey shore cast was "unjerzified"? tonight on late night. also the @jonahhill controversy.
uncharted 3 is so fun to play. i feel like i did something adventurous today. it's like watching dora.
tonight amy sedaris destroys on late night. and forte sings w/tony orlando. fun show!
@russellhantz would you go back?
@jeffprobst is food an advantage or disadvantage? seems like the survivors aren't as motivated on a full belly.
@lvjt hey.
week off - but fun games: uncharted 3 and batman arkham city! who's playing these?
matthew broderick - real person - fake arms
i get to play with the new iphone tonight with @joshuatopolsky! #siri #latenight
saw footloose last night - calling it now, you're gonna see a lot more julianne hough (@juliannehough) #breakout role. fun movie.
gop frontrunners release new political ads.
@shesmadeline come and have fun!!
samuel l. jackson is officially on twitter! welcome @samuelljackson. #nickfury
i once swung from a vine to get away from cops breaking up a party in the woods. #yeahididthat
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something funny, embarrassing, or crazy you once did and tag w/ #yeahididthat. could be on our show!
the roots, @yogabbagabba, @bizmarkie, @fatbellybella, @bootsy_collins & mark mothersbaugh party down on late night.
aussie fans: tune to comedy channel now to see @yogabbagabba with a whole lot of guest stars. great song.
@fallonite94 what part of the show is on now?
@kfmorgan that's great!!!
@mdaesch happy birthday!!!
just got beat. patriots beat the jets. good game.
@dougiedancing happy birthday!!! 20 is fun.
oh man, happy birthday to @shoemakermike!!! he is the best!!! please tweet him!!!
judas priest performs youve got another thing comin on
i'm lucky to have @questlove and the roots w/the show. they are - absolutely the most talented humans i've ever met.
gross. rt @questlove: don't listen to @jimmyfallon..... @questlove is a prize.
rt @i_heart_jf: :d rt @jimmyfallon: .@iammarkronson - @joejonas sings idiot boyfriend with @questlove & the roots tonight. hilarious.
water war with @realhughjackman.
.@kexp seattle radio pledge drive. they let the dj's choose their music. (@loserboy) check it out.
my do not read "fall" list.
this is the inning!
promo for tonight.
microsoft may buy yahoo. thats so cool  i could have both my hotmail and yahoo email accounts in one easily-ignorable place! #fallonmono
.@shaq and i made a really good bet tonight. watch tonight to see who wins. #latenight
a girls scouts worker stole $ for plastic surgery. yeah, on fri. she had thin mints, then on mon. she came in w/ 2 giant samoas. #fallonmono
a study says being publicly embarrassed makes people like you. which explains obama's campaign slogan, "i have a third nipple. #fallonmono
his room was actually a walk-in closet. he set up a dartboard and wanted to have a party in there one night. #myroommateiscrazy
.@thexfactorusa's simon cowell (handhug's me) @cherrygarcia's ben & jerry, @bflay (bobby flay) cookin' it up. #latenight
rt @shoemakermike: jf sings every hall&oates hit w/daryl hall. unplanned & awesome & we can't afford to ever repeat it so watch tonight.
i will always love kurt. #glee
roommate couldnt fall asleep w/o listening to a cd of safari sounds he made himself. eeyahh eeyahh! ca-caw ca-caw! #myroommateiscrazy
let's play the hashtag game! tweet some funny/weird thing your roommate does or did and tag w/ #myroommateiscrazy. could be on our show!
he's an interesting guy. thanks.rt @hiltzikstrat: great interview: @sparker explains the merits of @spotify on lnjf
rt @butleru: hey we'd love to have you back on campus. we even made up a dance for you:
@diorelacevedo since when?
@rmhne good night from ny.
@kurostarsunny thank you!! great handle!!
@tandi44 happy birthday
thanks, huffpo! rt @huffpostcomedy: .@jimmyfallon shows us andy rooney's first day of retirement
maria shriver got a parking ticket from a meter maid. so i guess her husbands not the only one getting screwed by a maid. #fallonmono
the obamas celebrated their wedding anniversary. they were gonna go out to dinner, but they couldnt find a sitter for biden. #fallonmono
sean parker, welcome to twitter. rt @sparker: sorry zuck, i had to do it eventually.
rt @laughingsquid: diggnation, hosted by @kevinrose & @alexalbrecht, will be ending in december
@davidkirsch thanks buds. she steals it.
from #lnjf (blog): ew! w/claire danes #latenight
@kellybensimon every weekend! let's keep it up.
promo for tonight.
pearl jam doing a cover of pink floyd's "mother" and a new "ew!" tonight on #latenight
mark zuckerberg went hunting & killed a bison. it was weird -- the bisons last words were i...hate...the new facebook layout! #fallonmono
to my jewish friends - happy new year!!!
matthew morrison's video response to jonah hill
@theellenshow right back at you. swak!
joseph gordon-levitt @hitrecordjoe does a great axl rose doing gaga and kelly clarkson
@stevegarfield good morning, steve. are you in boston? are you on any tv social sites? (get glue, etc.)
we are trending again #partyfail. thanks you guys. also cant sleep. (trending too)
@sarathelovebug :)
enjoy the show - west coast!! #pinkfloydweek #latenight
@amypaffrath i saw that
@morgancloutier dierks is coming on thursday. (comfortably i might add)
play it loud, tonight! #latenight
roger waters w/@foofighters and a great axl impression by @hitrecordjoe on #latenight
i went to a party at a bar in college, and gave the bouncer a fake id. turns out, he was best friends with the guy on my id. #partyfail
our #pinkfloydweek continues tonight with @foofighters & roger waters performing "in the flesh".
time to play this game. is it fun?
fact: all of these mannequins have 0% body fat.
@missalejandra85 love right back!
.@mariobatali you on the chew today?
.@davidkirsch what is normal body fat? i'm 183.2, 6ft and 37.
gotta lose some face fat. @davidkirsch here i come.
lucy leave #syd #pinkfloydweek
@acostabeta yes. nice! apples and oranges
the inventor of doritos has passed away at 97. he asked to be buried with the creator of fritos and cheetos in a variety pack. #fallonmono
@likethem0use i have and it works!
@conpboyle they are great!!! baby lemonade
@iheartjimmynet nah, all legends. #pinkfloydweek
@skipshea2 nice call #pinkfloydweek
@henrydarragh yes
@daninfiction astronomy yes
@iomoo get ready it's coming up this week. whooo!!! someone cool!!
@aaronstew12 nice #pinkfloydweek
@matttsuxxx what'd they do?
fav pink floyd song? bike? lucifer sam? #syd #pinkfloydweek
@matttsuxxx it's them doing pink floyd. it's really good!! foos tomorrow.
tonight on the show - the shins perform "breathe"
pink floyd week starting tonight. shins, foos w/ roger waters, dierks, mgmt & pearl jam! start dark side after my first joke bombs.
@guitarseastar ha. thanks.
red flag
next week is pink floyd week here on late night - foo fighters & roger waters, pearl jam, the shins, dierks bentley & mgmt! #syd #latenight
@tagbaugh thank you!!
jonah hill throws down the gauntlet to glee's matthew morrison.
jersey shore meets jersey floor
happy birthday to my sister @gloriafallon123. love you!!
.@jonahhill kills it tonight on the show. so funny. #latenight
tonight... jersey shore meets jersey floor!  @vinnyguadagnino @sn00ki @mtvsammi @deenanicolemtv @jenniwoww @mtvronnie #jerseyfloor
charlie sheen roast
set your dvr's for the new charlie's angels tomorrow (thursday) @ 8 on abc. my wife produces it!
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something funny/embarrassing that happened to you on a date and tag w/ #awkwarddate.could be on our show!
we'll get 'em next year. i love everyone at our show. thank you guys for watching.
in la for @primetimeemmys. jane is gonna kill it tonight. (so is my sleeveless tux)
@dsofia7 thanks.
@kamalgray not me. i'm going to my favorite diner. see you tonight!!
hey, @johnwhaskell. how was your flight?
@shoemakermike @higbones @questlove @jeremybronson @80miles @amyozols --- @iamledgin...
'twill be bittersweet seeing @stephenathome (colbert) @ the emmys this weekend.
fun show tonight. promo:
new sheen sketch next tuesday. #latenight #charliesheen 
last night, i lost my bffsm.
@sarahliz_16 happy birthday!!
i stopped by @colbertreport tonight to check on my best friend for six months, stephen colbert. it did not end well.
tonight:
roadtrip!! we're coming to indy the week of the super bowl! #latenight
girls perform 2 great songs on late night.
@masculine_lady girls are a fine band out of san fran and puppies are just...cute.
tonight: @arnettwill, @richardbranson, us open and # 1 tennis player novak djokovic, puppies & girls. #latenight
we are trending again!!! thank you guys!!! #myteacherisweird
my favorite teacher mr. ehrmann would photocopy his face into historic pictures. him w/gandhi, him w/genghis khan, etc. #myteacherisweird
the zombies performing "this will be our year" last night on late night.
rt @silverguinness: just noticed @jimmyfallon has buffy, eric northman & musical guest the zombies (1960's) on tonight.
just got home. this jersey floor is gonna be a goodie. definitely one of @amyozols' best skit/vids.
we have a vampire, a vampire slayer and the zombies on the show tonight! #earlyhalloween #latenight
@kfmorgan that looks great!
link broken. sorry. anyway, read about @thezog on pg 16 @nytimes arts & leisure section. good stuff.
congrats to my man seth herzog @thezog!  @nytimesarts seth herzogs comedy show, sweet, in the east village nyti.ms/ouhrah
congrats @sethmeyers21 on the timberlake monologue emmy!!!
@ty_baby_10 me too.
@usopen go roger! shh. no talking. only tweeting.
good match. my neck hurts. #uso11 #federer 
enough with the rain. let's play!! #uso11
good luck to @gavinpurcell & all of our amazing bloggers @ todays creative arts emmys.
new at the bar w/ roger federer
new at the bar w/ roger federer tonight on late night.
balls in your mouth w/ eddie vedder
tonight, eddie vedder & i might sing a protest song about the bp oil spill. #latenight #pj20
fyi extend your dvr's so that you don't miss @pearljam on tonights show. #nfl
the squeef brothers w/ @buckylarson
cannot wait!  latenight tonight: @cameroncrowe + pearl jam performs (classics). #pj20 documentary airs on @pbs oct. 21
promo for tonight
@fallenforfallon happy birthday!!
from #lnjf (blog): cupid's arrow: a video dating service from the 1980's.
on late night tonight: 80's dating service.
simon cowell said he wants to be cryogenically frozen when he dies. & from the looks of it, his nipples are off to a head start. #fallonmono
late night tonight.
show tonight was pure fun. god, i loved it. funny people, good jokes, good music. just fun.
@imelissapow sure!
also forte is back in the building. he's singing something. i think.
new @malkmusandjicks album "mirror traffic" is great. watch them tonight. #senator
wow. my flash mob comedy show @ sunset park in brooklyn @ sunrise sure was a great idea. great turnout! thx! 
@whoooandpagsjr nope. but it is rare. thanks for watching. you have cool parents.
momofuku birthday cake. yum!! #chang 
@bachmanwsb thanks.
we are back!! new show tonight!! 12:30 #latenight
beyonce & jay-z are expecting a baby. man, that kid is gonna have everything! except a last name. #fallonmono
loved the shout out to judy mcgrath!! #vmas #foos
going back and forth between game of thrones on demand and vma's.
good morning everybody!! new late night starting tomorrow. psyched to be back.
congrats to jesse peretz (dir. of idiot boyfriend video) on his new movie my idiot brother. #iseeatheme
@eradmire thanks!
feeling sick. hopefully only 24 hour bug. i'd like to get out this weekend.
out with @bravoandy - he kept talking about his "awesome" watch. #shockinglylame
weird. rt @shoemakermike: it's all part of the prophecy:
pearl jam will play on the show on sept. 8 and 9! also - cameron crowe will be on sept. 8 also to talk about his new pearl jam film.
i'm trying to find words...
dec. 17th!!! snl!!!
i am hosting snl december 17th!!
hey, any dancers out there: make a video and send it in! 
fun announcement today. #snl
just took the universal hollywood tour again. thanks molly!
@vitamincester watch it again!
rt @iamwill: .@jimmyfallon be honest  ladies love you b/c you are an astrophysicist, right? science is dope. #iamfirsttv
getting ready to go on, atlantis. looks like there's gonna be ice cream!!
from #lnjf (blog): thank you notes #latenight
shoutout to @questlove for playing the best music last night. #nycboatparty
best time w/the best people in tv last night. #latenight #yachtrockparty
ew! w/emma stone (@stonenobrien)
black simon and garfunkel singing party rock anthem
i know i'm late to the party, but tig notaro is my new favorite comedian.
cool! wisdom tooth dentist shout out. start at 3:07.
lets play the hashtag game! tweet something weird you or someone you know saw a person doing & tag #whodoesthat. could be on our show!
new celebrity whispers
nice pic! rt @questlove: jf scores!!!! beating dailyshow by 2! 7-5!!!
.@thedailyshow we will see you tonight for the kickball game. we even got official team t-shirts.
@corymonteith blerf.
it was a fun one. rt @huffpostcomedy  fallon's best thank you notes so far?
rt @jakefogelnest: some thoughts on a lost classic: @alecbaldwin and @mrhoratiosanz's, "plate boy and cup boy."
shark week fact #5: if a shark laughs too hard, it will poop. #sharkfacts
"pearls of wisdom ... with goat leg greg" (and ryan reynolds)
jersey shore bottled water
it's follow friday!  let's do this! #ff
@michael_mcclain happy birthday my man.
shark week fact #3: sharks are known to pee a little when they sneeze. #sharkfacts
introducing goat leg greg. #latenight
jersey shore fans tune in to late night afterwards and keep the party going. #sharedexperience
shark week fact #1: sharks are animals that were created based on the success of the movie "jaws." #sharkfacts
from #lnjf (blog): jersey shore in italy pros & cons
@sarahmichelleq we wanna come to australia!
a lot is on the line tonight. #settlersofcatan
friend said hed make pancakes for breakfast. didnt bring the instant kind. then asked if i had any eggs & margarine on me. #campingfail
lets play the hashtag game! tweet something embarrassing or awful that happened while camping & tag #campingfail. could be on our show!
thanks to my sister (@gloriafallon123) for the awesome surprise present!! we used to love these!! 
@missjessicamary thank you.
.@corymonteith plays jelly donut shootout & @tuneyards performs "gangsta" #latenight not even an hour away!
i'm opening for the great bobby slayton this weekend @ gotham comedy club, nyc. fri 8:30 & sat 8. this will be fun.
brian williams, the roots & i: slow jam the news.
the movie cowboys & aliens came out today! yeah, cowboys & aliens. or as republicans call that, arizona. #fallonmono
cupid's arrow (video dating from the 80's)
wow. beyonc killed it tonight w/the roots. #latenight 
beyonc on the show tonight! #latenight
thanks!rt @zennster: new fave discovery: late night snack ice cream who knew fudge covered potato chip clusters would be so good!?
on the show this evening: steve carell (we do a fun bit), @marcmaron (@wtfpod) and @mattandkim destroy. #nbcnow
canadian soap opera: jacob's patience.
lets play the hashtag game! tweet out something weird about your current or former boss & tag with #mybossisweird. could be on our show!
our new animated short: father & son
don cheadle, amazing kreskin, @chriskattan & ray davies (the kinks) tonight on #latenight in 10 minutes...
blackberry laid off 11% of its workers. you can tell its bad cuz the ceo's announcement ended w/ the line "sent from my iphone." #fallonmono
i listen to @jakefogelnest too.
listening to @howardstern on sirius/xm... soooo funny. i love satellite radio.
#ff @jeffanimalguy (i don't know why you'd want to.)
@heidiklum just waking up. good morning.
@nick_kovatch thanks.
history of rap 2.
funtimes. #historyofrap2
turn on #latenight right now!
great to see @jtimberlake on the show tonight. he's always fun. thanks @questlove.
this new dark knight teaser trailer feels weird to me.
on bus to woodstock '94. got stung in the eyelid by a bee. spent entire 3-day concert looking like sloth from the goonies. #soembarrassing
rt @sbnation: @latenightjimmy video of @joshuatopolsky announcing  theverge.com (@verge)
tonight, @joshuatopolsky & @google brought chromebooks for the whole audience. also mila kunis & @wyeoak.
we lost softball to @thedailyshow but only by a little. (rained out. thank you god.) good game, good game, good game...
you were great! thank you. rt @deannafred: i was the lucky girl that smashed eggs on her face last nite! thx for being so nice&funny!!
ew. #ew
tonight see the return of james spadge (@80miles) and chiz dippler.  #latenight
congressman bill johnson says his twitter account was hacked yesterday after an image of a naked man was posted on his page. #fallonmono
what are celebrities always whispering about? find out...
3 noms: writing, show & web. 7th floor west @ nbc is smiling. thank you academy voters!
solo-jo-bro @joejonas makes his solo debut tonight and i get @blakeshelton to sing a little something. #ifyoulikepiacoladas #latenight
nice! rt @prpoobah: look out cherry garcia! @jimmyfallon 's #latenightsnack is now 1 of b&j's top ten flavors.
fun show tonight: guests are @blakeshelton, @joejonas, and @gabourey sidibe #latenight
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something embarrassing/crazy that happened at the beach and tag with #beachfail. could be on our show.
a man was arrested after he broke into a sex shop & usd a blow-up doll. he was chrgd with breaking & entering & entering. #fallonmono
we are back with a brand new show tonight: kid rock, @emilyrosela, panda bear and freestyling with the roots!
yes! the universal studios tour in full effect. rt @padre_pat: thanks jimmy i just had a tramtastic day
cameron diaz performs in 1 of our favorite bits - "other voices" tonight on late night.
@catmaybeangry oh yes.
marian higgins gave us some of the funniest humans on the planet. pls donate to public radio in her name
sorry... i passed out. just woke up on some dudes fishing boat. he doesn't know i'm awake yet.
1/4 down. already sweating, blurred vision - hallucinations... not gonna make it.
moose burger challenge: on! 2lbs beef, 1/2 lb bacon, 1 tomato, 1/2 head of lettuce & fries!
@meerkatmeisner4 thank you.
fireworks upclose. blow torches and all. #happy4th 
happy july 2nd everyone!!
n y c ! n y c !
tonight me & @justinbieber make our commercial debut.
jackie neptune & the planetariums (motown goes to space)
tonight: shoe golf w/@selenagomez and jon benjamin chugs a mug full of water! #latenight
tonight: shoe golf w/@selenagomez and jon benjamin chugs a mug full of water! #latenight
.@justinbieber that #someday is very soon. (whispering) #someday...
having a conversation with @marcmaron on @wtfpod
@kentoe i would. he was interesting.
gov. rick perry referred to twitter as tweeter. perry apologized for the gaffe & asked everyone to friend him on headbook. #fallonmono
darth vader, chewbacca & panthro. tonight on late night.
my thanks to @wired, @theeconomist, @junipernetworks and especially sean parker for the cool new phone.
watch cameron diaz channel her inner voice on "other voices"
breakin' 2: electric boogazoo
lake george. broke my finger playing kickball, then a wasp stung my other hand. i was completely handless for a week. #worstsummervacation
hey @kanyewest what are you up to tonight?
yo, is that chiz dippler?
let's go new york! rt @nygovcuomo statement from governor cuomo on passage of marriage equality act bit.ly/igl86n #samesexmarriage
it's gonna suck (the ballad of anthony weiner)
battle of the bands, uncharted 3, father's day hashtags and larry the cable guy. tonight @12:35am nbc.
@meredithann109 yes. it's beautiful.
.@piersmorgan this is cool and all - but did i miss chris christie?
i am having a conversation w/piers morgan on cnn tonight @ 9pm et.
the daily news reported that anthony weiners car isnt registered with the dmv. oh man, he must be so embarrassed right now. #fallonmono
my dad wears jeans while running on the treadmill. #thatsmydad
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out some weird, funny, or crazy thing about your dad, and tag with #thatsmydad. could be on our show.
call of duty: modern warfare 3
in honor of video game week - here is our 8-bit opening
what a game between the mavs and the heat last night. i actually missed most of it  but then again, so did lebron. #fallonmono
there are newly-released emails between sarah palin and george w. bush  otherwise known as spellchecks worst nightmare. #fallonmono
congrats to @actuallynph for a great job hosting the tonys last night. talented dude.
@vichasasecret don't.
@vigilant_j okay.
rt @shoemakermike: must see: higgins' pants on the ground on @jimmyfallon
live @cbssunday webcast with @jimmyfallon and @russ cbs, beginning 12:00pm et
.@cbssunday is this thing live?
@kirstiealley i honestly would never. and i'm bummed that i lost. rematch?
kexp gone from 91.5 nyc?!?!??!! no john @loserboy richards? man, i miss that station.
@kirstiealley can't wait to have you on tonight. finally.
a crotch photo was tweeted by anthony weiner. if you think thats bad, you should see the pic sent by his aide, gary butthole. #fallonmono
my dog jeff used to like it when we put glasses and a hat on him. hed growl if we tried to take them off. #mypetisweird
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out some weird, funny, or crazy thing your pet does, and tag with #mypetisweird. could be on our show.
i'm finally going to show off my weiner tonight. (impression) #latenight
thanks again to @amandanorthrop. i hope you had fun on the @unistudios tour! #tramtastic
our thank you notes book is a ny times bestseller!!!! yahooooo!!! thank you everybody.
game down to the wire. 4.4 secs!
need nkotb tour jacket from 1991! please send all pricing, address and info of your history with said jacket to @gwynethpaltrow.
ha! thanks. rt @stevegarfield: great seeing you on the moon this morning. #parademagazine
rt @thezog: hey i'm in santa fe, does anyone know where i can buy some turquoise jewelry?
video game week on latenight: m/call of duty:mw3, t/gears3, w/uncharted3, th/battlefield3 & f/nintendo. starts mon june 13th.
happy birthday to 1 of the geniuses behind top chef and real housewives, (@bravoandy). send him a tweet!
i am so upset by the actions of my bffsm @stephenathome. my diary is on fire right now! #emmyfeud
#jerseyfloor on #latenight tonight
shout out to @blakeman64. say hi to mildrid.
@bryn_smith happy birthday!!!!
off to @thedailyshow with johnny stewham. i'm probably just gonna call him jon, though. right?
in la tomorrow, 6/1 come see me: 7pm, leonard goldenson theatre. limited seating. rsvp here rsvp.nbc@nbcuni.com
@circusidiot @studiotour did you like it?
still number 1?!?!!!?! awesome!!!
i have the best view from my hotel room!! #nashville #drinkingwjohnrich
@katie_wilkins yep
in nashville. with @johnrich. who's out tonight?!
proud to have service men and women making up our entire audience tonight. #fleetweek #memorialday 
@randomrezkid i'm done now. sorry.
i'm so thankful that you guys took thank you notes to number 1 on amazon. i'll talk about it tonight. but really, thank you.
awesome!! rt @beatriz1986: hey @jimmyfallon thank u notes still #1 on amazon.com
@governormarkell cool. thanks. i love @dogfishbeer!
thank you.
we did it!!! you guys are the best! number 1 book on amazon!!!
@bruceland it's on!!
@skwpharmgirl nice!! thanks!
@yobeav thanks!
crosby, nash & young perform miley cyrus' "party in the usa"
today @ 3pm (new york) - 12 (west coast) amazon.com order thank you notes (6 bucks!?!?) let's make it number uno for just an hour.
crosby, nash and i salute miley tonight on late night. #partyusa
buy 1 thank you note book on thursday 5/26 @3pm ny 12pm west coast on amazon
we can try an be the number 1 book on amazon. for an hour. 1 hour is enough, right?
if everyone buys 1 thank you note book on thursday 5/26 @3pm ny 12pm west coast...
bummed that i missed @mindykaling at the bookexpo. but... tyra gave me some butt lifting exercises to try. #smize
i'm at javits center for bookexpo. i'm signing thank you notes book @ booth 3620. come say hi!
microsoft is unveiling windows 8. when you buy it, that paper clip goes it looks like you havent learned your lesson yet! #fallonmono
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out something everyones thinking, but no one says out loud & tag with #iwentthere. could be on our show.
just heard the cars rehearse for the show. sounding awesome!!
from #lnjf (blog): listen to this @boniver medley. so good. (good morning!)
thank you, terry gross @nprfreshair
thank you notes for your kindle
thank you notes out today! i'm doing a signing wednesday @ union square barnes & noble. 7:30.
listening to k-earth 101. thanks for the props. #imbarryfngibb
these were hanging in my closet. #barrygibb
does anyone want to buy 6 months of canned food and bottled water?
@carpenter1416 it was some music boxie chime thing. i've never seen it before. but @fleetfoxes were fantastic, right?
congrats @gavinpurcell on the marathon finish!!!! 1st? 2nd?
congrats @aplusk on two & 1/2 men gig and congrats @charliesheen on sheen'd.
. @charliesheen's new tv show tonight on late night.
a theme park is opening in china, dedicated to hello kitty. it's next to that famous chinese restaurant, goodbye doggie. #fallonmono
my sister gave my mom a book about menopause for christmas. #worstgiftever
seattle show tonight with @mariobatali and death cab for cutie @dcfc on #latenight
happy 49th birthday to @craigyferg! i wish it were 20 years later - so then you'd be 69. get it? like the famous sexual position?
web exclusive: randy newman performs short people
glad you like it, my old friend. rt @stevegarfield: @jimmyfallon late night snack is good!
batali & masa?!?!
new lonely island record is awesome. www.turtleneckandchain.com 
late night snack has salty caramel in it. but if you want just salty caramel check out this etsy:

so good.@mshillmvngtrgt rt@questlove: imma start what i know will be a trending topic #mslaurynhill
my man @jakobdylan admitting that he "shot the sheriff" but did not "shoot the deputy."
keith richards talks about life, the stones, the beatles and fresh lemons on #latenight tonight.
our tribute to the great bob marley continues tonight with jakob dylan performing "i shot the sheriff" w/ the roots.
if you rt this tweet, you will do well on your finals. #jimmyfallonchaintweet
listening to 100.1 wdst woodstock radio. good morning guys!
@mrjeremyt nice!!! #promdisaster
battle of the instant dance crews & @chriscornell performing "redemption song" tonight on @latenightjimmy.
let's play the hashtag game! tweet some crazy or embarrassing story from your prom & tag with #promdisaster. could be on our show.
people are getting their thank you note pre-orders today! check out barnesandnoble.com. it's out may 23.
president obama likes the cartoon doug
bob marley week starts tonight with his son, ziggy performing "get up, stand up" #latenight
fun times. rt@shoemakermike: a 2002 ew story about young tina fey & jf & their 1st year of update.
@mrhoratiosanz i'm awful at this. but 10-8-3? 8 to win? #derby
the unemployment rate went up last month. on the bright side  i hear a senior management position just opened up at al qaeda. #fallonmono
@kristiebeth506 have a happy, happy birthday.
thank you for everything, @saraschaefer1! gonna miss you.
@roryalbanese this site is not cool www.roryalbanese.gov
this site is cool
tina fey and amy poehler go 'jersey' on late night.
alec baldwin w/ fake arms
@danielbaldwin you stopping by?
tonight, alec baldwin will do something ridiculous on our show. #latenight
let's play the hashtag game  mother's day edition! tweet something weird your mom does & tag with #mymomisnuts. could be on our show.
get the new beastie boys rrrright now!
buried at sea? tough year for the oceanbp, japan radiation & now "hey mind if we put bin laden in here?" #fallonmono
#osama #obama #trump #latenight #now #nbc
just left #metball. so fun. gonna go on tour w/ @taylorswift13 & her band. can't wait!
rt @mikedicenzo: super proud of this piece: donald trump responds to bin laden news:
get your champagne and nautical wear ready... yacht rock on late night tonight!! ambrosia performing.
fun radio interviews today. wiux indiana, kuom minnesota, wtbu boston, wgmu va, wrgw dc & radio x fl.
got bin laden and interrupted celebrity apprentice? win for obama all around.
@karlfrisch @maddow that's not fair!!! i want one!!!
my man @sethmeyers21 killed it just now at the correspondents dinner!!! killed it!! congrats!
at the revlon run/walk with @80miles, @gavinpurcell & late night fun people! #nyc #revlonwalk 
here's the full show from last night online.
sorry west coast. i wasn't told that we'd be preempted. if i had known, i would've done something special for you guys. #bummed
yes!! rt @markpittashow: @jimmyfallon your ice cream finally made it to marin county!
@jimmyfallon you should also see book of mormon.
saw the book of morman on broadway. forgot to tweet how genius it was. go see it. it's brilliant. #brill
meat loaf sings his love for bagel bites.
