just wanted to say a big thank you, congrats, and well done to all of the cast members of the parade today. job well done! #impressed
@yellowbird118: @honda you get a free car even though you can afford it?! poo not free. i worked for them and it was contractual. #poo?
voting closes tonight, yo!
@heeytherehannah: @actuallynph has arrived 
delicious meal tonight at ink (@mvoltaggio), amazing as always.
prepping the turkey for @thelamission 's annual thanksgiving meal. a wonderful organization. #thankful
filming how i met your mother's 200th episode this week. can't believe it! so proud of everyone involved.
just took the family to the premiere of disneys frozen. we absolutely loved it! story, voices, songs - all brilliant! want to see it again!
just heard im in last place in the peoples choice awards, behind michael chiklis on the shield. please vote:
remember myst and riven? the creators are kickstarting a brand new game: #obduction. 3 days left to help fund -
@noetting: @actuallynph neil, my man you are a bad ass mother fucker  word.
saw my first opera ever last night. rigoletto, directed brilliantly by michael mayer. what a classy, fancy night. thanks @metopera!
just had a blast watching @jinksxmonsoon in the vaudevillians. amazing characters. so inspiring. go go go!
just finished getting scared at @aloneexperience. haunted house you go through alone, with a flashlight that doesn't help you. terrifying.
if you go to live events, use goldstar. they just released an app:
rest in peace, lou reed. your musical influence will never be forgotten.
ah, a more specific link to vote:
tomorrows the 1st performance of nothing to hide at the @signaturetheatre. i directed the shit out if it.
thanks @svedka vodka for lending us booze for an event last week. however, im returning the bottles empty. hope thats okay
my great friend @michaelserrato has a new web series, turning macho movies super gay. 1st up, 'rambo, but gay!':
happy international suit up day! please, for the rest of the day, suit up!  but only in your international suit, for some reason.
@memles: i will eat a shoe if he does. #ca351 rt @derekjohnsonuw: maybe this is the time @actuallynph finally responds? boom. i want pics.
if you like immersive theatre (like me), then go see natasha, pierre and the great comet of 1812! a musical war and peace in a tent? loved it!
ny hotel living is expensive. coffee, oatmeal, berries: $47.00! american dollars! how can that be possible?!?
loving nyc. about to get my immersive theatre on! stay tuned
family photo fantasticness! love this:
finally filming with fincher. fantastic feeling. fantasy fulfilled.
emceeing the emmys was fun, but im sure glad its over. looking forward to not hosting anything for a long time.
been dancing my face off in rehearsals for the choreographers # in the @primetimeemmys. ive such crazy respect for these dancers. unreal.
as we read to our kids, im becoming more and more obsessed with the pop up books by robert sabuda. the mans an absolute genius.
had a great meal last night at the new restaurant juni. thanks, somebody, for the recommendation. it was wicked!
spent labor day weekend with the fam at my sister-in-lawmosts lake house in upper michigan. what an amazing part of the country!
@damonlindelof: i cannot explain why this made me laugh so hard, i cried... but it did.  #ilovejapan
the season finale of my guilty pleasure, brother vs brother airs tonight. watch my friends the scott brothers declare a champion! #hgtv
we were forced by @sarahchalke to sign this himym script. at knifepoint. please bid and win at
just finished shooting season 9s 5th episode of himym. im happy to say, they are uniformly great. excited about our final season!
smurfs 2 is not only the title of the movie, its how many times you must watch it in the theaters. please adjust schedules accordingly.
the more shirtless selfies @nickjonas posts, the better my day gets.
found a smart kickstarter idea for a book/film about a mute boy and a secret society of clowns. sounds rad. support:
one of my favorite charities, @foodonfootla, has the chance to win $10,000. but they need your votes. represent:
and i must say, the dude that requested the highest of fives, that had multiple break away costumes, was absolutely awesome.
the ever sexy @cobiesmulders getting dolled up for a himym photo shoot. a big one. should be cool.
how sad to read about cory monteith passing away. what a shame. he was a lovely, kind, talented guy and will be missed.
cant believe it - just dropped the kids off for their first day of preschool! so quiet in the house now. what to do?#sleep #drink #freedom
im not saying that if you follow the account i just mentioned you could possibly be rewarded. im just typing.
my thoughts go out to the family of sarah guyard-guillot, an amazing performer in ka who died last night. original cast member. so sad.
join my live chat today with @goldderby at
@lynnever - none, lyn. just had a good time at a bar. yeesh.
@asmaa_nph: i did my homework today and it was about you and how the media portrays you and i got a distinction well done. im flattered.
proud of nik wallenda for his epic high wire walk. less proud of agreeing to drink a shot every time he said jesus. i cant feel my face.
hope your 1st day of summer was great! if youre in la and looking for diversion, check out
oh, wait. scratch that last tweet. i thought turning 40 would bring enlightenment. it doesnt. im still pretty dim.
funny, draggy downton abbey spoof.  and, @davidburtka has a cameo!
and while im at it, thanks to everyone that watched this years tonys. we had the highest ratings in years! much, much appreciated.
just saw kinky boots on bway. infectious show, tons of fun, made me cry. cast is stellar, and @analeighashford is a star!
@tropangadam: @actuallynph is hosting the tonys and the emmys! double yay! look at me. pulling the bi-fecta.
i just can't believe the scale of that tornado that touched down in moore. a mile wide?!? my condolences go out to everyone affected.
free ep of the #goodwingames on hulu now! its by the himym guys so you know the q in the title, if it existed, would stand for quality.
a gigantic happy mothers day to @gladsheila - an amazing parent, person, and friend. super proud that shes my mom!
tonights new how i met your mother is, from what i hear, laser tagalicious.
the fantastic @colossal has found another gem. check out this mind altering short film. it's like a magic trick!
new himym tonight! it's barney's bachelor party: expect grand adventure and a lot of stripper pole. and yes, that's a euphemism.
just watched the @zachbraff video for his kickstarter movie. its great! i want to be in the cast. but only in the @donald_faison part.
i wasnt making light in my last tweet. its all just so random and sad.
bees seeing lots of bway theatre: hands on a hard body closed too early. motown was a lot, and yet not. cinderella was spectacular.
the gang from @sleepnomorenyc created an adventure just for me. 6th floor 1-on-1 beyond description. finale: another massive surprise party!
@nevalc: @actuallynph @davidburtka how about tweeting some pictures!? :))  done:
spent the day at the animal kingdom and mostly epcot, drinking around the world. after maelstrom, handed a clue. solved puzzle, off to: nyc!
room service woke me with coffee and a clue! complicated, but i solved it. drove to airport and boarding a flight to: orlando! whats next??
so last night i had a wonderful home cooked meal with my family and got some rest. woke up, went to the airport, and am now in dallas??
@jojocdngirl: sometime during this treasure hunt we better get some food porn! done - dinner at @robuchonlv:
and fyi, if youre in vegas and want to get your acrobat training on, head straight to @shinefitnesslv. amazing facility!
ill be attending the magic castles 45th annual awards show on 4/7. open to the general public. check
love the new @equinox gym that just opened in encino. best gym in the land, now even closer to my casa!  sweet!  i mean, sweat!
for those that may have missed it - six words: horror. ghost. puppet. short. film. kickstarter.
new pope news soon! you might want to follow @thetweetofgod for all papal updates. he has an in.
@mvoltaggio: join @johnvarvatos and #stuarthouse give hope to abused children. text healing to 80888 to donate, its that easy. yes, chef!
just finished a truly magical week with the family on the newest disney cruise ship, the fantasy. ran into this guy:
thanks @laeyeworks! your sunglasses survived a snowmobile overturn, but were no match for my son gideon. #rip
look way arrived on set: valentine awesomeness, via @davidburtka.
i had no idea christian bale could play the guitar and sing in spanish. what cant that guy do???
the black keys keyboardist wins best dressed.  end of discussion.
about to go onstage for the grammys! this is my view from backstage.
my main squeeze @davidburtka is one of the main stars in a new feature film called annie and the gypsy. the new trailer:
thanks goodness the lights are back on and the game has resumed. its a real nail biter.
cant wait to watch the @nolasuperbowl. ill be talking about it live on @craigyferg tonight. totally not pre taped.
best news ever: @davidburtka just arrived into new orleans! let the debauchery begin in earnest!!
oh, and the sheep ricotta gnocchi with lobster. that, too! (thanks, @revolutionnola)
@lewisgoose: you can also email the scouts to give your opinion at nationalsupportcenter@scouting.org well said.
wondered how neils puppet dreams' opening sequence was created? check out the amazing gang from digital twigs at work:
last dish was 1 of 9. tuna, yuzu kosho squid ink tofu cream, mizuna, wasabi pea, sesame, bok choy, snap pea, avocado, green onions, ponzu.
the final episode of neil's puppet dreams is out:
@mrsilverscott: @actuallynph: u comin to the castle tonight? no magic castle tonight. hope you had a blast. magic is the coolest.
if you watch iron chef america tonight, youll find @davidburtka and me at the judges table. two great meals. im still full.
just watched tvs stars in danger. highest marks go to @beckybaeling for her divine commentary. i love becky. shes rad.
also also, a brand new episode of neil's puppet dreams will be released tomorrow! 'dream bump'. it's a good one. @davidburtka may even sing!
im looking forward to 2013. my new years resolution: underindulgence. yours?
having a wonderful night with @thejimmycarp and his family for xmas dinner. gideon is rocking a bow tie.
@getdough23: ur the best. i watched you from malcom in the middle to how i met your mother. you're one of my favorite actors. umm, thanks.
nice! the play i directed, nothing to hide, just got a great review in the ny times!
tomorrow is the last day to vote for @peopleschoice. if you could vote nonstop from now until then, i'd appreciate it.
ah, the holidays. im trimming the tree, decorating the house, and marveling at how fing glitter manages to fing get fing everywhere!
@meowfeb1988, i was just joshin. i like to try and sound caustic by using 1930s slang and words like beeswax.
next stop on my dc food journey: @tokiunderground. sake, dumplings, tofu, and utterly delicious ramen. a must go.
truly amazing anamorphic illusions! check this video out:
final extension of delusion - get scared after your holiday shopping! use (not so) secret code delusional for discount.
big news! the 1st episode of my new web series, neils puppet dreams, is now live! hope you enjoy. check it out:
hey gay gang: this magazine looks cool. three days left to support on kickstarter. i did.
in 50 hours, artist jason mecier created a honey boo boo portrait made from trash. 
@thebwayleague: the 2011 concert version of company is out on dvd today!
now ive got @cirque du soleil on the brain! ok, question: whats your favorite cirque show?
new himym on tonight! if i were you, id watch. barney is such a dog
way to go, fox! you ceased production on the new show goodwin games before it even aired! i directed episode 5 - the show is hilarious. #boo
@sclements12: what do ya think of my jack-o-lantern?
@lindira: @actuallynph just curious, but what are you having your kids call you and your husband?  david is daddy. im papa.
thank you @katyperry for having @davidburtka and me at your frightfully fun bday bash at the @magiccastle last night!
any awesome food trucks interested in feeding the sold out crowd at delusion this weekend? if so, email info@hauntedplay.com. word.
gideon and harper turned two yesterday. in celebration, they slept 13 1/2 hours last night! #bestgiftever
if my life werent random enough, im now at the madonna concert at the staples center. madness! sorry, elton.
@palomamcfly: @actuallynph say something in spanish please!!! no!
fantastic dinner at el pinto with the whole family. utterly satiated. its good to be home. thanks, @elpinto!
happy birthday, @kellyripa! youre an amazing person, a sexy wife, a wonderful mother, and a true friend. congrats on your life!
@nathanfillion: just saw #delusion (@hauntedplay) and @actuallynph owes me a new pair of pants.
himym season 8 starts tonight! tell your friends, alert the media, set your dvrs! or buy the new album! what whaaaat?
had a great night. ate dinner at jose andres secret restaurant at the @cosmopolitan_lv called e. only 8 seats. wow! food porn pics to come.
gadzooks! lots of stories online saying i want out of himym. not true! im still loving the show, loving master stinson. season 8 will rock.
duuuuudes! we just won an emmy for last years tony awards!  what whaaaat?
on my way to the book of mormon opening in l.a.  cant wait for the funny!  break legs, @gavincreel
please dig magic. if you liked that last tweet, just wait a few weeks. im about to blow your mind hole
hi twitterland. sorry for my lack of tweets recently. apparently i have babies and stuff. i'll try harder. xo
take a look: one man, 100,000 toothpicks, and 35 years - an incredible kinetic sculpture of san francisco 
relaxing at the beach, sipping on a drink from my good friends company. cheers! @drinkneuro
guess who visited himym just now? olympic gold medalist @mckaylamaroney ! here i am pointing at her:
bret easton ellis thinks gay actors cant play straight roles. totally unrelated, i thought christian bale was amazing in welsh psycho.
two sentences i never thought id say: i just hung out with bono and the edge at eltons. all three are spectacularly cool.
less political: travelogue photos of a dog maddie and her precarious and absurd situations. enjoy.
and now: miniature people living in a world of giant food, by artist christopher boffoli. made me smile.
when i am with @davidburtka, paris is steamy and culinarily complex. when i am alone, paris is rainy and underseasoned. #homesick
damnit. dropped the salt shaker accidentally. salt is everywhere. oh well. not my day, i guess. at least this mirror is still intact...
happy friday the 13th! have a great day! ooh, look - a kitty walking my way. dark as night. here, kitty!  aw man, she went right by me...
thanks to @paulfranktweets for the very cool kids clothes! gideon really seems to love his shirt.
taking the train from paris to london. am i wrong, or is travel by train the greatest, calmest, classiest thing ever?
@steakkwhisperer: @actuallynph i like boobs , can i get a retweet :) totally. boobs rule.
i think i just worked out next to @marcjacobs at a gym in paris. if so, hes looking great and im a fan. if not, other dude has mad tats.
good for you, @andersoncooper. you're awesome. 
my final meal in mtl was an epic sushi feast at park. thanks @chefantoniopark for your spectacular taste in food!
@colossal: ukranian street gymnastics: parkour meets contortionism meets gymnastics meets whooooa.
just saw a most creative and inspiring music video. love it! gotta watch: 
i love artist scott c. (@scottlava) and his great showdowns pieces. a book full of 'em comes out soon (foreword by me):
happy father's day to all the amazing daddies and papas out there, especially this one, @davidburtka:
other excellent birthday gift suggestions: puppets, skin pics, anything magic or disney theme park related. games. or scotch.
my great friend is a survivor and has started: living with breast cancer new support group @ l.a. gay and lesbian center
@nicoletesta05: what do you say to a production of blood brothers with @davidburtka starring with you? love that idea!
@nicoletesta05: out of all the shows running on bway right now, which would you want to be in? one man, two guvnors. physical comedy gold.
@dmmolloy: did you write any of the jokes? indeed.
@shaygabby: how long did it take you to rehearse that opening number?! 3 days? rob ashford's staging and amazing backup dancers helped a lot
@cinwicked: how uncomfortable was the spiderman rig? not so bad when upside down. upright? hulk smash!
i was a huge mr. rogers fan growing up, and still am. love this new remixed,  groovy, autotuned tribute:
@erictheactor11: i watched american reunion today i didn't realize that you were in it. indeed i was, eric. thanks for watching.
thank you, @oprah, for that interview. you represented the day with positivity, accuracy and respect. watching our parents was so emotional!
.@thetonyawards are one week from today. i really should start preparing something...
@athorn90: @actuallynph if you retweet this i will post 3 twitter pictures of whatever you want me to do in the picture. not a lie.}} done.
here is one of my dishes from dinner: @chefantoniopark in the background. i love me some sushi.
@garrettgrantham: @actuallynph hey neil, you wanna hang out in northern virginia? umm... based on your pic, probably not.
it's officially @davidburtka 's birthday!! i'm in montreal and can't be with him, so any well wishes that you can send would be appreciated!
my 1000th tweet!  let's celebrate!  
theatre report: saw peter and the starcatcher. wonderful show! inspired and inspiring. amazing troupe of actors. stars, all of 'em. catch it!
@trishlackey :)
and now, to counterbalance the seriousness of my previous tweet, here's a video of a woman vacuuming her cat:
brilliant and hysterical: gale-force winds directly to the face
happy mother's day, @gladsheila. you are an amazing mom, a wonderful grandma, and a beautiful human being. love you so much!
oops. wrong account. @nphfoodporn to continue...
@bravoandy: psyched about #aroundthewordin80plates premiere tonight!" me too! i love me some @catcora. will it air in canada?
happy birthday, @breckinmeyer.  you're awesome.
@lexbarbershop getting a nph hug is on my bucket list, because i think autographs are dumb. approval? yes.
@mouradlaila if you could act with anyone who would it be? christopher guest.
@schartrand77 are we ever gonna see scooter on himym again?!  i sure hope so! or a spin off, perhaps?
@bish93 if you tweet me i vow i stay up all night watching how i met your mother and nothing else!  challenge accepted..!
@alibsmith going to vegas soon. what's the best show to see? cirque: o, ka, zumanity. other: absinthe (loved), la reve. magic: penn and teller
@cidawn: what was your favorite song to sing from dr. horrible's sing along blog? brand new day. i loved it's tongue-twisty nature.
then @davidburtka got to interview @oprah herself for an @enews exclusive. he did a great job, very proud of him!
if you live in north carolina, watch this video regarding amendment one.  it's honest and powerful.
best friends emma bates and josh zar were just married at idyllic todos santos in mexico, and i was the proud officiant. a wonderful night!
spent lots at the prada outlet. i'm not sure about the value of the euro, though, so i don't know if i saved money or lost my (prada) shirt.
course 1: chicken liver pt, bruschetta, celery root, peppers, eggplant, capocollo. delicious.
breakfast in florence: cappuccino and slice of apple cake. how does everything taste so much better here?
i'm on a plane to detroit, michigan but the plane seems bigger than i expected. i hope i boarded the right flight...
@crebersthoughts: "@omgfacts: neil patrick harris is the president of the academy of magical arts!" @actuallynph true? yes indeed, tiger.
@dstave: @actuallynph you ever watch #noreservations? oh yeah. and the layover. anthony bourdain is a god. @noreservations
@sarahbeep totally, mistress bates. i missed you! dm me your info and i'll send you something clever. what're you into?
@leahthepage right now i'd say hedwig. it seems camp and simple, but is really dark and complicated, raw and sexy. a real actor's part.
course 4: dry aged "cote de boeuf" roti (for two). potato-leek torte, wild mushrooms, little gems, herb jus. heaven.
course 2a: lobster bolognese. fresh capellini, black truffles, basil. outstanding.
amuse bouche 1: goat cheese grape spheres and goat cheese rolled grapes. inverse preparations of a similar theme.
here's some cool news:
here's how i assured accuracy:
the prize will be dinner with me and @davidburtka at the @magiccastle. if you're not local, i'll send you something equally awesome.
very proud of @davidburtka. he did a very powerful interview with sir elton john about bullying. it's airing on @enews tonight.
i also did a lengthy podcast with chris hardwick (@nerdist).  listen here if you have a free 87 hours:
course 7: lorco de quinoa. quinoa pumpkin stew, fried egg, choclo, paremsan cheese, crispy tomato. guuuh..!
course 4a: santa barbara prawn. lemongrass yuzu kosho pesto. so fresh and so clean, clean.
course 2: yellowtail sashimi something (can't find it on the menu). there were pomegranate seeds, citrus yumminess.
no more food porn from me. first, lots of snark responses. second, i finally had the tapeworm removed.
course 11: gelato pie. meyer lemon gelato, blueberry marmellata, caramelized hazelnut.
course 8: branzino. tomatoes, capers, lemon.
course 4: cappesante. dayboat scallops, celery root, black truffle emulsion.
food porn time. italian tonight. culina in la. just having the chef bring out food. no idea what is in store, but i'm hungry and stoked.
we had an amazing meal tonight of corned beef and cabbage, courtesy of the delectable @davidburtka. he tweeted a pic, me thinks.
the twins giving shade and rolling large in their super pimp bugaboo donkey stroller. word.
@boycrazy920: @actuallynph this is for you!!
my good friend chris hardwick (@nerdist) is launching a youtube channel, on which i just may participate. learn more:
flight was saturday. feeling better now. can't hear, ears bleeding, but otherwise in tip top shape.
and congratulations to the cast of the walt disney theatre on the disney fantasy. in multiple parts, they all did a wonderful job.
course 4e: peanut butter cup souffl with peanut butter cup popsicles. the best of the lot!
course 4a: warm apple pie, vanilla ice cream, bourbon meringue and golden raisins. fantastic.
course 3b: mushroom spaghetti with sugar snap peas and tomato cippolini. unreal.
course 2b: crunchy rice cakes, tuna tartare, wasabi tobiko. yes.
heading to elton john's oscar bash with @davidburtka, my brother brian and his awesome kids, jackson and delaney. #goodtimes
if you watch the voice (which you should dvr as it's on vs himym, ahem) root for 1 of my high school best friends, @tvofficial. #teamtony
saw cirque' zumanity tonight at ny, ny in nv. loved it! so right, and so wrong. the show is just so... horny. yum yum. @nynyvegas
truly outstanding meal at ink (@mvincla). highly recommended. @mvoltaggio is brilliant and one of a kind. now i must waddle to bed. 'night.
course 8b: pork belly. charcoal oil, bbq flavor, and one long macaroni and cheese. so so good.
course 7 a: octopus, squid ink, pasta shells, young fennel, pimenton. the food here is so f'ing delicious.
course 4.5: mushroom chicharrn. like a pig skin but with mushroom. crispy!
second course: prawn toast. langoustine, salt cod-potato cream, almond milk, ice plant. sexy.
fans of love: my partners (@accomplicegame) tweeted an awesome story about an adventure/proposal they planned in nyc. get ready to melt.
tonight watch the radiant @beckinewton in her first of many episodes of himym. she plays a chick i'm trying to bang.
adele is back.  dope.
handing out electronically monitored bracelets for the coldplay song has made many people around me  nervous. #notnamingnames
on my way to the grammys with the dashing @davidburtka. looking forward to it - last year's show was dope. is that what musicians say? dope?
i love me some rube goldberg contraptions.  enjoy:
i really dug the halftime show. not sure how it looked on tv, but all the production and projections combined with madonna rocking? loved.
well, the steak and shake didn't have our reservation and couldn't take us until 10:45. so we're still searching for dinner.
last night was wild in indy. i wanted to go explore, but there were 17 bazillion people in the streets. it was like super bowl-i gras.
spent a long night at the @magiccastle. the club is better than ever, but knowing every little thing about every thing is less than magical.
having a relaxing day with the fam and friends. making pizzas in the pizza oven. wine. swimming. la is odd when winter feels like summer.
@itsnickyall  my answer: i'd switch with joseph gordon-levitt. then i'd get to perform for christopher nolan and also see myself naked.
i'm a big fan of our president.  he's rad.
@jenlwardy: @actuallynph my very first ever tweet goes to you thank you, jenny. welcome to twitter.
i opened it: french laundry cookbook and dinner at per se, a favorite restaurant! and since i waited, the gave $ to @foodonfootla! win/win!
i wanna open this box! but i shouldn't... but i will! but i shouldn't! but i... gaaah!!!
@renabean: @actuallynph get a cool mystery machine type campervan instead! ooooh, good call. papa likey!
@jenbreedlove: @actuallynph which charity are you playing for?  amazing cancer research org for an amazing woman:
hope your 2011 was rad. if not, hope you gained some wisdom. either way, may 2012 be kick-assier than any year thus far. happy new year!
just saw cirque du soleil's iris in l.a. with my folks. what a breathtaking, overwhelming show. the cast is so strong. literally. #mustsee
merry christmas eve! (interestingly, that's also my drag queen name.)
i may be late to the game, but i just watched this:
@osunat: @actuallynph are u ever gonna tweet me? =/   doubtful.
long day christmas shopping. the shopping centers were slammed! well, you know what they say: "'tis the season to be mall-y".
does anyone know if i got a golden globe nomination? @jasonsegel 's internet is down.
had 3 fun shows tonight at epcot. candlelight processionaly goodness. thanks to all who came. are those carols stuck in your heads now too?
@anarchr1s: do i blow off the last family dinner at disneyworld so i can see @actuallynph do the candlelight precession? um, only totally!
had fun performing with @davidburtka tonight at the @trevorproject's trevor live. a powerful night. an amazing group of people. #grateful
i can't stop eating delicious food in nyc! sitting at the bar at babbo, just in heaven going from course to course. #glutton
i love the food in nyc! amazing dinner in nolita: torrisi italian specialties. so well thought out & delicious. will sleep well tonight!
'twas not our daughter on this week's himym. would never subject her to the rigors of a soundstage. i'm saving her for the pageant circuit.
even though horrible hates hammer, @nathanfillion deserves to have the people choose him. please vote.
rt @jhanaml @actuallynph u have it hands down...except for perhaps alex baldwin, stiff competition. he's pretty funny. &gt; yeah. alex is good.
a thousand thanks to all of the veterans who have bravely served this country.  i deeply appreciate your dedication.
here's a pic of the family in costume:
interview gauntlet now. will rt pics in a bit (i'm surprised there aren't more sexy skin pics...)
rt @sararymarcsuk @actuallynph my friend's halloween costume.  it made my life. 
@samontv has asked the best inane questions on this h&k3 junket.
yow! this stuff is grrrreat! (pour) it tastes like cinnamon! (slam) grrr!  i could drink this all day! (pour)
just ate an absolutely fantastic top chef-ish meal at michael voltaggio's new restaurant ink in la. each dish was just unreal. don't miss.
at knott's scary farm! such an awesome, scary night. my best friend ed alonzo is starring in a show. must see! be afraid, be very afraid!
had a freakishly good time acting with @hitrecordjoe tonight at his #fallformal. literally 75 camera phones surrounding us. surreal!
things i dig: you don't know jack! awesome trivia-ish game show, now on your iphone! welcome back, old friend.
just arrived in vegas, baby! so excited to go to caesar's palace and see elton john's opening. i hope that's not a euphemism.
jim henson would have been 75 today.  i wish he were still around.  i miss him.
didn't realize chick-fil-a was so opinionated, politically. i just thought their chicken tasted really good. #buzzkill
went out, sans babies, last night for the motion picture & television fund pre-emmy party. good times!
things i dig: state fairs. just went to the nm one. petting zoos, lemonade, carnies and deep fried peanut butter cups:
uch. watching big brother is now a waste of time...
things i dig: les miserables. say what you might, but i just caught the london o2 concert on pbs, and that show is all kinds of epic.
i think i'm gonna start tweeting about things i dig.  not 'shallow graves' or 'tunnels to china', more just random stuff that i like.
my god. what have i done? i inadvertently watched the new show dance moms. it's repulsive. and yet hypnotic. i hate that i love it. help me.
the family and i are having one of the best weeks of our lives. more details to come. oh, and go see smurfs. xoxo
had a blast on the daily show. jon stewart may be the sharpest interviewer around. synapses firing fast to keep up with him. hope u dig.
i hate at&t and their errant cellphone reception with a burning, white-hot fury. calls drop 15-20 times a day. is verizon way better?
if you didn't see the best and the brightest film, it's soon on netflix. it's highbrow & lowbrow, with amy sedaris!
happy 4th of july, everyone!  hope the fireworks were/are awesome tonight.  both literally and metaphorically.
kripsy kreme milkshake at flip burger (yes, it's topped with liquid nitrogen):
dear media: just because david and i will soon be able to marry in ny, doesn't mean we are actively planning a wedding. cart before horse.
it passed!  marriage equality in ny!! yes!! progress!! thank you everyone who worked so hard on this!! a historic night!
wow. i just hosted an event for lgbt rights, and the keynote speaker was president obama himself! he's amazing. called me 'openly terrific'!
why, when ordering said @gogoinflight, does it taunt me with entering a promotional code? what is this secret code and why don't i know it?
are the twins's unique fussing, crying, and crabbiness today supposed to be some sort of karmic father's day lesson?
i'm old right now...
kudos to @lin_manuel and thomas kail for penning my closing tony 'rap-up'. watch 'em create the song during the show: t.co/xzqrdpz
thanks everyone for such nice tony tweets. i had an absolute blast. can't believe after all that work, it's over! congrats to all of b'way!
saw anything goes tonight. really great. sutton foster is never not amazing. she's like a perfect robot person.
i still can't stop thinking about the show last night. moody, sexy, edgy. it's like existing in a david lynch movie. www.sleepnomorenyc.com
saw the play good people at mtc tonight. it's so impressive to watch such adept actors live on stage. and to think they do it 8x a week!
crows=crowds. stupid thumbs...
i'm trying to find a really great ventriloquist puppet, with lots of clever articulation. and oddly, there is no punchline. any leads?
a great, great documentary about a junior magician competition is playing for one week in ny:
and, just like that, we found her some housing!  thanks for the help, all.  as per yoojh, my twitter team rules.
just came upon this cool site.  it's basically a trailer, but looks spooky and involves puppets, so i must share:  www.thespiritcabinet.com
tony nominations today. book of morman nabbed the most. wonder which number they will be allowed do on the show? censors must be nervous!
sorry i haven't tweeted lately. the monkeys are teething, and drool is everywhere. as it turns out, the iphone is not a great pacifier.
relaxing on a sunday afternoon.  my heart is full of love:
just saw this:
this company gig is kicking my arse. soo proud of all involved. but i forgot how exhausting it is!  two shows tomorrow... send good vibes.
... april fools ...

my followers rock.
muu haa haa!

muu ha haaa haaaaaa!  

first the book, then... the world!!  


big new himym on tonight. barney finally meets his pop. i'm really proud of the way it turned out. if you're able, please watch.
times up. just shift all the letters one space to the left. it's called the 'caeser cipher'. nice wits, those that solved. well played.
in honor of my friend @mrteller (of penn &) and his good taste in theatre, i'm gonna tweet a riddle soon that rewards those who solve it...
congrats to josh radnor for writing/directing/producing/starring in the new film happythankyoumoreplease. homey is talented. in la/ny now.
charlie sheen's done lost his crackers...  #teamcbs
great time at the grammy!  now before we go home to tuck in the babies we get wasted in arcade fire's tour bus. 'night, night!
mick jagger can work a staaaage!  but listening to the song, i'm not quite sure who exactly he needs...
muse: masterful use of screens. excellent.
just finished a long, exhilarating day filming with @john_lithgow. so talented. such a wonderful vibe. very lucky to have him on the show.
very, very excited for the super bowl!! i have no allegiance to either team, so... go pittsbay steeckers!!
the tots both started laughing. on the same day. i'm now obsessed with getting them to do it.  babies laughing is like opium.
i'm interviewing brian henson at sf sketchfest on sunday. looking for some good, unique questions.  any thoughts?
worked with @katyperry today.  great times.  she made me love my job.  i'm a fan.
one of my favorite charities, trevor project, is in the running to win a shorty award. votes are appreciated:
if you're in la, check out an art show opening friday at gallery1988.  100 artists paying tribute to comedians!
neil's new year resolutions, part 9: drink one glass of water for every glass of booze. hmm, i'll think i'll start that now...
neil's new year resolutions, part 5: learn to speak baby.
neil's new years resolutions, part 1: return emails and texts in a timely manner.
i may be in the minority, but i'm crazy excited to see the new epic spiderman stunt show on b'way. bono+taymor+technology+danger=yes please.
i'm kinda loving that i failed the twitter spelling challenge.
now i feel bad for the d-bag comment. don't know the guy personally. i'm just fiercely protective of our show. jpk
eric braeden is a d-bag. the actor, (robin's dad) agreed to a cameo, then last night bailed, saying the part wasn't 'substantial' enough.
is glenn close starring in a new harry houdini biopic?

the senate just rejected the repeal for don't ask, don't tell, 57-40.  i'm stunned, and more upset than i thought i would be...
please, please senators.  please vote to end don't ask, don't tell.
what i'm thankful for, part last:  all of your hilarious responses today. but i have to say, most of all, more than anything, i'm thankful f
what i'm thankful for, part 8: michaels shannon & stuhlbarg in boardwalk empire, green chiles, robert sabuda, garrett's chicago mix popcorn
what i'm thankful for, part 4: nachos.
oops, sorry.  typo.  i said 39th annual - i meant 93rd annual.  yeah.  it's allll that. sometimes funny, often not.  many tweets to come...
@jeffersanthony keep your chin up, dude. you could be laying in bed with your back out, feet elevated, while babies cry all around you.
himym guest star alert: i was initially starstruck, and he turned out to be one of the nicest people i've met. 
himym could be on the cover of tv guide? what, whaaat?  vote and vote often:
baby pic! here's our son: well, sort of. not his face, but his diaper. his poo has changed both color and texture:
what's the deal with popeater.com's rob shuter just making up stories? first i'm quitting the biz, now another? it's made up, gang. boooo.
happy international suit up day, everybody!  hope you wore them with pride.
yeah. international suit up day. stops time. tell your friends.
@jaa_lon well played!
at knott's scary farm!  13 mazes. you must go! my best friend ed alonzo has a show here.  he's awesome: 
i'm at the disneyland hotel, attending and hosting a conference on the history of theme park technology. i'm stoked and kind of ashamed.
after party at the frigging metropolitan opera!  watching the strokes perform. in the lobby! unreal.
break a leg tonight, @jimmyfallon.  i can't wait to watch this year's emmys with you at the helm. my spidey-sense says that you'll rock!
hey there, twitterland.  as you followers have been so nice to me, i thought i'd return the favor with a scoop: we've decided to name our tw
about to tape kevin pollack's chat show. kevinpollackschatshow.com. live. right now. if you're into that sort of thing.
@thepageisblank every edit was solely due to time. had to trim almost 20 minutes, due to hb curfew. still tried to maintain flow. tricky.
sorry for not tweeting lately.  directing this rent maelstrom is all encompassing. totally overwhelming, yet the time of my life.
pic from earlier in the drive: our dog fred was squinting in my lap, so i helped him out. 
david is 100% polish. just ate duck's blood soup. surprisingly delicious. called czarnina.  bring it.
bravo, argentina, for being the first country in latin america to legalize gay marriage!  ahhh, progress -
happy 4th of july, all! here in greece, we will be celebrating not with firecrackers, but with dried crackers made of small barley rusks...
went to a trendy gay beach in mykonos called elia.  lots of posturing, lots of exposed aged wieners. it was all rather intimidating.
thank you all for such amazing birthday tweets. and to my fellow june 15ers, right back atcha. a nice day to be born. xo
bravo, sean hayes!  you helmed the tonys with charm, grace, and humor. very well played, sir.
things i want for my birthday, chapter 5(ish): giant labyrinth hedge maze, many lengthy massages, an immunity idol from survivor, and socks.
@jimmykimmel mr. kimmei, i accept!
things i want for my birthday (6/15), chapter 1:  an iphone 4, magical automatons, original banksy art, and 1 million followers.
@darcyglavine i wanna see it!  did anyone record the show? is it online?
facebook is super lame. 

f-tothe-y-tothe-i, i'm not on it. never had been. not a facebooker. feel free to let the imposters know.

lame.
theatre time: just saw david cromer's fantastic production of our town. michael shannon's last night as stage manager. so, so moving.
some early news about the new cbs fall lineup. not sure if i'm supposed to say, but you're my friend, so why not: this year himym is going t
i love that nph.com is the nazarene publishing house. i wonder if they'd let me hock merchandise..
@javier_alvarez not spam, mofo. this is a show i've produced, that i'm gonzo excited about! i want people to see it, at a discount, no less.
last delta flight from dtw to nyc cancelled! disembarked and sprinted 1/4 mile to queue for flights tomorow. thanks, old-nwa, u still suck.
question: what's your favorite beer?  mine, hands down, is magic hat #9. delicious, involves 'magic', and has fortune in the bottle cap!
saw the opening of promises, promises last night on broadway.  i thought it was just an 80's hit by naked eyes.  i now know better...
saw american idiot last night on the big, broad way. loved loved it! thrashing and twitching, sweating and spit. powerful stuff.

go.
i screwed up the link in my last accomplice post, so i'll retweet with a www.  come see the show!  it's rad.
ate with david burtka, amy acker and @thejimmycarp. he's amazing in rock of ages on broadway. see it. hilarious.
@kathryn17 rt @actuallynph  do you ever tweet fans or just perez and other celebrities?   -- no, just celebs.
@perezhilton: mimi's not a hooker. addict, yes. you're saying, because of her past roles, vanessa can't play that? i respectfully disagree.
i want an ipad soooo...much...it, it, the fee- it...flame. flames. flames? on the side of my face...breathing, breathl- heaving breaths...
rent auditions going swell. pleasantly surprised by the west coast talent pool..! tim weil (original md) is on board, and he's masterful.
dwayne has donned an apron and disappeared back into the galley. i don't know what exactly he's doing, but it smells delicious..!
highbrow himym cameo - ten letters: death document + legless pantz.  i'm a fan. i geeked out. 
@tarasis why?  smurfs are rad.
@jessiedymack stand tall. be proud of who you are. don't break promises. want to learn. represent well. but more than anything, be safe.
olympic curling - riveting!  but what's with all the shouting at each other?  they sound like lion tamers in the circus:  hup. hup! huuuup!
rad! la weekly names accomplice: hollywood one of 2009's top 20 best in theater!  www.accomplicetheshow.com  go buy tickets now. it's dope.
ok, major gossip on j.lo, y'all! we were hanging out on set today, between takes. she turns to me and says, dig this: "neil, i'm going to tr
i must say that @derrenbrown could have the greatest apartment i have ever seen in all my days. i'm in awe. and he's super cool, to boot.
i'm never leaving himym. that job rocks. this would just have me doing double duty on the tiffany network. (huh, huh. i said double duty...)
just heard that the pasadena playhouse is closing in early feb:
woo hoo!!  season six is official! now i can totally buy things and gamble lots and walk through the rest of season five!!  best news ever!!
@rainnwilson happy birthday, mr. wilson!  thanks for the laughs, for the talent, for the tweets. may this year be a great one for you. xo, n
spoiler alert: wah, wah, waaaah...
@zefrenchy nice pic, thanks.  you can stop rting everyone now.
here's a link to commentary!: 
paley center was awesome.  so proud of himym.  really proud of the show.  episode 100 is hot.  i found this:
big ups to @feliciaday, @nathanfillion, @nerdist, @alydenisof, @jimmyfallon, @halsparks, @alyssa_milano, @jessetyler, @perezhilton. respect.
oh, and labyrinth 2!  how could i forget that!?!  love me some labyrinth 2.  i'm stumped on some.  i'm not afraid to say it - i'm stumped..!
strange. feels like this is turning adversarial. know that i'm a fan of jb and if he wins this poll, i'll happily stand right behind him...
@jzashu i've been in a remote town near cancun, spotty wifi. went to the largest, oddest water park there called xcaret. cool, yet loco!
@teresakea to throw insults at our holiday dinner?!?  shame, teresa.  shaaaaaame.  how bout this: you're boring!  bang - school'd.
happy harlem holidays!!  finally arrived (layover in vegas - won $9.50 in slots!), got us a tree, about to trim.  yeah, that kinda trim...
@iagad  kungaloosh, meghan!  kunga. loosh.
the celebrated chef: 
directing himym this week. equal parts overwhelm, education, and exhilaration. but directing while acting in a scene - very strange.  meta.
just arrived into park city.  entirely unprepared for the weather.  i somehow realized that i would be skiing, yet forgot it would be cold!
@_malik_ not only do i remember, i appreciated it greatly.
fyi - starting arguments around the thanksgiving dinner table is a bad idea.  unless you're drinking.  then it's hilarious.
muppets bohemian rhapsody!!  if you haven't yet seen it - do. 
@joaorabay we all know this is you, josh radnor.  why don't you just use your real name when you tweet?
discussed twitter during the segment. took a pic of the crowd:
@hitrecordjoe sending u good west coast vibes, jgl!  kill it on snl!
stacey keibler guesting on himym. hot, funny, and talented.  i must say, she's a real quintuple threat. 
is asking you to cast a vote for an award show cheesy?  if so, we never had this conversation.  if not, i would sure dig a vote for this ye
that @broslife is one handsome devil..!  ah, if only i was... oh wait.
himym's 100th episode musical number. dance steps by glee's prod/choreo zach woodlee. cool. watch me point at him:
prfkt.  thx 4 l th advyc evry1. this s a way ezr way 2 cmunik8.  un42n8ly, itz takn me 3 hrz 2 ryt, but itz much pre4d 2 gtn cut off lyk i u
felicia day is popular. she mentions me and twitter and kablammo!
my first tweet, peeps.  i apologize in advance for my slow learning curve.  nice to (sort of) meet you.  it's amazing how quickly 140 charac
get our game, post a pic w/ #myfodpair and win fod goodies + a trip to la! first round of winners picked tomorrow!
calling all anchorman fans! recreate your favorite scene, we might just air it on our new @tbsveryfunny movie night:
happy birthday @juddapatow! it's hard to believe this was 6 years ago, it feels way more like 5 or 7:
ron burgundy interviewing peyton manning is the super bowl of stuff you should watch right now:
a lot of people don't know this, but every major actor (including big bird) has starred in chicago on broadway:
this new @best_coast video will teach you their lyrics and make you a better tennis player! at the same damn time:
"can you pay my bills?" "wow, that's a lot to ask." "pay my telephone bills?" "..." "pay my auto-mo-bills?" "we should see other people."
leaked email from the westboro baptist church regarding their decision to picket paul walker's funeral:
"deadline: the movie" w/ jean smart as @nikkifinke tells the thrilling tale of hollywood's most notorious blogger:
a video for anyone that knows a self-proclaimed #blessed girl who's making social media unbearable:
it's black friday! wake up from your turkey coma and buy our game! tweet a pic @ us w/ the box, we'll rt our favorites!
we brought our party game to a retirement home and these senior citizens went ham like it was matlock's birthday:
spending time with your family during the holidays isn't always the easiest. get our party game to help the cause:
want to spin a basketball on your finger? here are 14 useful tips to accomplish that lofty goal:
56 things you must do this thanksgiving
we have no built-in cultural failsafe to determine the point at which tyler perry is just fucking with us.
give a man a fish, he's like, "are you ok?" teach a man to fish, he's all, "what's with the fish, steve? you may be having a mental crisis."
in addition to being a master flautist, ron burgundy is also a published author. yes, this is a real book.
...sharing, get in the car still talking about it time. smiling. laughter...
@theawesomeator ...most people have them, they feel them, they enjoy them and they let them fly away. i don't...
@joristeele 1) jell-o pudding pops. 2) "dad is great." 3) "hey hey hey!"
@flyinglizards ...and at me by old people (25, 34, 40, etc) and then i recalled these things. the words into sentences...
@sgtskinner don't start me talkin, i'll tell everything i know by mr. johnson
@tweetsfortroops ...it leads to how they can acquire the things they want. it's not a trap. it leads to studying...
@zeblamb "i," he said, smiling shyly.
i wrote a composition which he read out loud to the class. he said, "this is what i'm looking for. the rest of you are boring."
@joey__t ...the networks want the viewer to recognize the "cosby" brand and enjoy it. as in "bill cosby: far from finished"
@joerin_12 to measure my work i listen to people in airports and different meet and greets at the venues i play...
30 min until @billcosby takes over this acct! start tweeting questions for him now!
hear @sarahksilverman recall the time she met obama in this clip from we are miracles:
what it would look like if the hunger games was told through facebook:
"what would jean-claude van damme do?" shirts available now in our @bustedtees store!
a grateful @billcosby thanks the first human who ever thought to cook a turkey in this animated thanksgiving special:
150 years ago today, lincoln delivered the gettysburg address. just something to reflect on as you hit send on a tweet about a fart.
in exactly 12 hours, you can win a @dodge durango by touching ron burgundy. here's a little taste:
in george zimmerman's defense, she was dating george zimmerman. (via @billdixonish)
click these links for a good time. will ferrell takes a news quiz, testing the benefits of eating only pizza and more
#ff @kaytranada coming soon to a texas near you.
it's friday! that means it's time to party with the 21 best gifs of all time of the week
a moving speech by @nerdist at the @midnight wrap party erupted in a crew chant of "points! points!" thanks for watching, see you in 2014!
heres your last chance to perform on stage w/ the anchorman cast. it's kind of a big deal:
13 very canadian protest signs from the  anti rob ford rally
"shake it like a white lady" is the new song from @nickcannon that's guaranteed to get your arrhythmic booty moving:
anchorman 2 doesn't come out until christmas, but if you help a great cause you can see it sunday w/ @ghostpanther:
@joshphosphatase bottom? shit. i dunno! too much pressure ahhhhhhhhh my bottom just wet itself...
@braximum :d
@mikebaz @midnight ha!!!!!!!!!!
@timomajere @nerdist bicycle girl. she left me for lance armstrong. it was personal.
@j_kalva really? they're supposed to be serious. fuck.
@jamalsayedhashi @nerdist hugs!
@beyondurant i think so, yeah. sorry your leader got all kill-y.
@sarahhmariie ahhhh the much noted "hardwick effect". it sounds dirtier than it actually is.
@xhandx both. the former is the prequel to the latter in my mind.
@rozzheeg @midnight cake. i'm easy.
@sarahhmariie though the zombie apocalypse has been kind of a bitch down there...
@freebuffet always need altering/yup/$1/he was nice to me/@skydart's aela the huntress:
@up4bid i would have to grow my hair drapes out again and the world may not be ready for that.
@serenityredrox @nerdist yes i am indeed a browncoat.
@topherriddle @nerdist @midnight i'm high on believing that it'll be back but we don't know for sure yet! #oogachaka #oogaooga
@kayna_jo @nerdist i grout my day with it.
@mkabobo @nerdist it's just too weird.
@jjmahoney3 @nerdist ok!
@ridgwy on tv! and the internets! right now in fact!
@barnezy3 you just need a hug is all.
@thedougiewho fezzes too!
@natasharesent ha! not really. are we in that war?
@aaronbonnette1 yup. or people just stick with the annoying douche theory.
@dylanma28417295 because gays are nicer, in better shape and dress better. i mean, you're straight and look at you. why would i want that?
@thatcrumpton we did! it was in our first year (2010) of the nerdist podcast and was one of my favorite eps. we did it live at smodcastle.
chris hardwick (@nerdist) is taking over this acct in 30 min! start tweeting questions now!
the fod crew with @wolfblitzer today in the situation room
9 rejected chris christie time magazine covers
click these links if you want to live. @azizansari's deleted 'gravity' scenes, 40 signs tv execs are dumb and more:
ready to believe in scientology if they can explain why feet get swollen during a flight.
#ff @ronfunches killing the game.
"sup?"
jim's bowling alley and vasectomy clinic #failedbusinesses @midnight
what it would be like if thor discovered the internet:
guy fieri recently testified in a trial. we've obtained some exclusive sketches from his day in court:
17 gifs of the most painfully awkward high fives in sports history:
we're unveiling the new anchorman 2 poster tomorrow! here's a little taste:
someone who rts wins this giant ping pong paddle signed by @ericstonestreet and @dodgers pitcher @claytonkersh22!
#ff @untresor essential daily spiritual enlightenment.
watch a special halloween edition of @midnight tonight at midnight on @comedycentral. everyone's in costume!
things take a scary and unexpected turn when three horny boys find a peephole to the girls' locker room:
leave your kid at work day #badholidays @midnight
allen iverson announcing his retirement in 2013 is like jimmy carter declaring he has no plans to run for president.
irony man #lamecomicbookcharacters @midnight
the gals of lady time celebrate halloween together and gab about haunted facebook pages:
aaron pallbearer #spookycelebs @midnight
justin beaver
watched 'walking dead' with someone who's never seen it. they said, "jamie lee curtis is in this?" w/o irony and life is worth living again.
more proof that the back to the future song makes everything better:
#ff @midnight get involved.
mr. @thomaslennon is a contestant tonight on @midnight! tune in at midnight on @comedycentral to see how he does.
banksy drops in and reveals his most intimate secrets to two unsuspecting fans.
what's the best way to handle a text from your ex? follow this flowchart to find out:
child star psychologist @kiernanshipka counsels kids from hunger games, insidious and more in this brand new session:
fresh off the ipad air announcement, we made a timely apple parody about timely apple parodies:
buffalo wild wings is a trap house presented by sportscenter.
new study finds breast milk purchased online may have bacteria. other study reports, "no shit," and also, "gross, people do that? blech."
enjoy "this ain't family matters: an xxx parody" and more adult satire in the free new fuck issue of @occasionalmag:
tonight's the last night to watch "we are young" for free on fod! enjoy now and look for theaterical screenings soon:
#ff @theclash still got it.
26 gifs of prince being cool as shit:
thanks all so much. this was a lot of fun. -fred
@fun6001 all of the above.
@briant1976 yeah, i'm interested in visiting all kinds of places. sure i would.
@therealjohnny_d lon chaney, john waters, paul mccartney. as a teen, mick jones.
@jolenetothemoon los angeles
@askmexican i'm trying
@brittanyslomba it's those moments that mean the most. laughing with your friends.
@azizitheawesome that would be nice.
@theshaunnavarro haha! actually, all drummers are great.
@joseramonmarmtz we'd have to drive all the way from the grand canyon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@missmariamac it's an energetic place. it reminds me of europe a little.
@sofiabluestar i tried a bike, but i think i'm too scared. i think true bicyclists are better at being safe.
@donovanstrain i try to think about something else and then when a take is done, that's when i laugh.
@efsmith invention = art.
@adammathow they'd get on the 101, then get on the 5 and take it north.
@mrchazlight strawberries by the damned
@theburninator92 i did. just stepping into this whole new process was huge.
@bootschick there's a running track in la that goes through a park and then around a university. so i'm gonna use that platform.
@fraankdank the fake frank sinatra says, "yeah, man."
fred armisen has taken over! tweet questions for him @funnyordie now and read live answers here:
thanks god shutdown's over and we can go back to doing what america does: not giving a fuck and obsessing over phones. (via @ghostpanther)
16 celebrities' surprising first jobs:
entering hour 5 of being at dodger stadium w/ no baseball, beer or hot dogs. unable to disprove theory that we died and this is purgatory.
on the new little knockers, coach kilmer (@jimoheir) begins cutting his team down to the league-mandated 30 players:
property brothers @mrdrewscott and @mrsilverscott help a conflicted power couple with their (debt) ceiling issues:
white people swaying at concerts dot tumblr dot com
21 best gifs of all time of the week:
18 greatest signs from @espn's college gameday:
here's what 'garfield' would be like if jon arbuckle had breast implants:
can't explain the government shutdown to your kids? try this: "republicans are putting a boner in america's mouth and telling us to chew."
j mascis (@dinosaurjr) teams up w/ @aimeemann, @jonwurster and @sharonvanetten to cover a john denver classic:
@chuckfooted neither one of us designs, that's @smurfsmith but i give references and input sometimes...
@fiano_villain can u pull some strings to get me one??
@tgravytrain just traded in amg g-wagon for the gl 550 took the remainder and put it on the sls...
@baby_christina1 u ask me the same question everyday and ignore u everyday... click this and show me your purchase and i'll follow bk
@kooliv_ffmg sure can click this link 
@imdaviol8tordmt why does it look like you misspelled "filling" you idiot fuck?
.@rebeccaaromijn is excited to tell you about her handy new product, inspired by the world of modeling:
rapper @pusha_t is taking over our twitter tomorrow at 12:30pm pst for a live qanda! so get some good questions ready.
does anyone know which channel has new breaking bad, think tv is broken please help.
after bearth #addaletterruinamovie
take a look at sex symbols then and now in the free new fuck issue of @occasionalmag:
@conannabanana corn and a high five.
@ieatmycereal love battlestar galactica so muc
@allisonisfab no way bro
@un_screenwriter  macerana
@paarty_annamal yes
@katiegeishirt ann perkins
@caitomall no way bro, ready for action always. actually yeah, i'm a little tired. jesus i'm exhausted. why did you bring this up?
@amykwalter yes as long as people go the next couple weeks
@1910333 really liked the bb finale. that show was great. wish people talked about it more the past few weeks.
@digiranger1994 nope
@redhourben this is what i'm currently studying. how the fuck did you know that?
@alexmparish we shot torque 2 over the summer, dropz memorial day 2015
@theotherhepburn nov 7!
.@mradamscott has taken over! tweet questions for him @funnyordie and read his live answers here:
@jamie__pm midnight
sports fan has a bit to much to drink at the game and goes to town on some popcorn:
27 gifs of the greatest slam dunk attempts the internet has ever seen:
want to feel like you haven't accomplished anything? lorena bobbitt was 23 when she cut off her husband's dick. (via @lianamaeby)
ted cruz barges into ghostbusters hq and shuts down the government:
47 fun things you must do during the government shutdown:
in case you missed it, here's walter white calling uncle buck:
@d_blackmore85 yes everyday i will miss playing walt jr.  it was an honor and will always be an honor
@mark_allen_jr bacon all the way
@javaonline he is a cool dude and better than me
@saxguy01 everyone has experienced discrimination this industry is not for the weak of heart but you have to love it
@nathanbradford1 being apart of it was an amazing honor and i was sad to see it go but i hope everyone enjoyed the finale as much as i did
@evilabed101 i never had trouble with any scenes because brian and anna, the whole show were all there when you needed them the most.
@thatjakeguy123
15 gifs of kids so cool it's not even fair:
there's a breaking bad takeover on fod today! goodnight, sweet prince. we'll miss you, bitch.
#ff @bj_porter and @scottaukerman fern friends.
leaked emails between breaking bad's walt jr. and his friend louis:
glorious music video for "save my life" shot in one take. keep watching, it really picks up around minute 4:
13 ways the cosby show is even better now than it was back then:
huell (@lavellthacomic) from breaking bad is still at the safehouse.
31 pictures of people freaking out in a haunted house:
if you want to complain about this (occasionally) shitty world, you need to vote. otherwise, shut up. register here:
nobody actually watches award shows anymore, so here's everything you missed at the 2013 emmys:
there's only one more breaking bad left, but we've still got some (bad) predictions about how it will end:
being a cleveland browns fan is like watching jurassic park every week and cheering for the goat. (via @robfee)
the benevolent @nick_offerman shares the secret to his success:
this is perfect. jesus christ reciting lyrics from yeezus:
kid leaves terrifying note for dad demanding to be woken up nicely:
weird @alyankovic hears a kid singing something familiar. he doesn't like it:
9 awesome pics of patrick stewart being maybe the best human:
hey, la! jail guitar doors rehabilitates prisoners through music and they're doing a $10 benefit comedy show this sat:
what it would be like if people on facebook talked about the news the way they talk about breaking bad:
holy shit, did you see breaking bad last night?!? here's a recap plus some (bad) predictions on how it will end:
white future people problems. rt @erockappel: i'm afraid that gravity is going to scare me out of traveling to space.
eating mexican food in ny when you're from la makes about as much sense as going to malibu to hail a taxi and see a homeless guy jerking off.
las vegas and phoenix! dave chappelle, flight of the conchords and the @oddballfest are coming next week! get tickets now
the 15 most badass gifs of jean-claude van damme:
this miley cyrus/homer simpson gif is basically the greatest thing of all time:
it's bad enough being stalked, imagine if your stalker was a delicious hot pockets sandwich:
the pitch meeting for every beer commercial before every football season:
introducing the new affordable iphone! it's cheap. really really cheap:
in case you missed it, here's a picture of dave franco and @mintzplasse holding an insanely cute baby:
links! cataloging the worst actions of the always sunny gang, bill murray is a horrible kisser and more:
turnt down.
#ff @alyssa_milano created the world's first educational sex tape and was nice enough to upload it to our site.
john @mulaney joins dave chappelle, flight of the conchords and more at this weekend's @oddballfest dates! get tickets:
everything you always wanted to know about dogs but were afraid to ask:
happy rosh hashanah! for those of you who aren't jewish, it's the annual holiday where you celebrate a new year by leaving work at 4pm.
murder is the solution to most of life's problems. boardwalk empire's richard harrow (@pftompkins) is here to help:
you can still find love on christian mingle if you're gay, you just need to work the system:
beyond shocked right now to find out there's not a trap dj named molly cyrus.
10 increasingly insane wedding party attack photos:
#ff @deanjnorris and @mrtonyhale you might recognize them from videos we posted this week/your favorite tv shows of all time.
reddit is helping teachers get classroom supplies they need. get involved if you can, it could change a kid's life:
tired of reading recaps for current tv shows? here's a season 1, episode 2 recap of "whose line is it anyway?"
inflating a giant ferrell cat balloon for our silent disco. yes, there will be a cat dj.
10 of dave chappelle's best stand-up jokes:
hartford, ct and pittsburgh tix avail for this wknd! rt @laughspincom: dave chappelle, conchords lead at @oddballfest:
want to get miley cyrus' totally effortless and natural look? here's a helpful guide:
want to be the big make believe winner this year? then you need this 2013 fantasy football preview :
flight of the conchords warming up for tonight's @oddballfest show in dallas, tx
edgar wright signing off. you've all been perfectly lovely. now go see my new movie 'the world's end' immediately. have a boozy blast. bye.
@jonnyalucard i'm the guy who made the funny apocalypse movie. not that one. the other one.
@saintpepsi i will talk to mr. movies about this.
@ohiberf i think my sleepy childhood caused me to wreak more havoc.
@victorrolando14 as soon as i finish this life sentence for murder.
@jayeddiec sure. what room are you in?
@bloodyallen jackie chan! and yes, it's 323-49... (gets distracted)
@basti_ooc the latter maybe.
@bedoughboy16 i don't know man. why do birds sing so gay? and lovers await the break of day? why do they fall in love?
@gonep i wondered how i would survive in a zombie apocalypse with no guns and a mild hangover.
@potatohead667 only if both are wearing clown costumes.
@kkigar i'm that guy who made the funny cop movie. not that one. the other one.
@avery_maycock i never tire of the finger gun fight in the alley.
@bigbearajrs never use conditioner.
@serenitykz so funny. you might shit.
@money_grub i am that guy who directed that funny zombie movie. not that one. the other one.
@alarcool i hear you.
@smoitzheim think of it as either the drunken version: dr hooch.
@mordinarc it's canada's greatest gift to the world.
@campbellhill i'd like to quiz scorcese a little.
@kiffikack it was a joy. i love them dearly.
@_haaannn your advisor is wrong. go make movies.
@elick461 always had a soft spot for she hulk as drawn by john byrne.
@lzhang39 the former. (the latter left cinemas i think)
@shorester i wanted to make the actors looks like school kids, so i gave them inky hands, as this is how i'd end every school day.
@imoustachequeen they contain dark matter that can only be vanquished by mashing them.
@reel__time keel over and die. or watch season 4 of arrested development.
@chrisstein slim. slimmer than a slice of fried gold.
@paulieb42 i tried to smuggle in a whole bunch in my suitcase but they all fucking melted.
@avery_maycock maybe.
@charlie_p96 a pub crawl in 1993 that went terribly badly.
the steroids problem in sports has finally reached little league baseball:
so excited to announce that @edgarwright is taking over our twitter tomorrow at 3:30pm pst! get your questions ready.
21 gifs of hilarious balloon freakouts:
15 reasons the internet needs to remember "the critic"
we sent an intern in an a-rod jersey around nyc to see how people really feel about alex rodriguez:
"predicting bad" is the only breaking bad recap you need in your life:
.@davidspade came by to paint us this chill picture of dudes on horses.
if the last two breaking bad episodes are any indication, the finale will just be an hour of hank dramatically closing doors.
if you're having sex this weekend, make sure you use protection. call the local police and leave them on speakerphone.
21 best gifs of all time of the week:
the free new health and fitness issue of the occasional w/ guest editor @terrycrews is out now! download it today:
before you consider making your own pencils, please watch this cautionary tale:
if someone asks you your shoe size you're either going bowling, getting new shoes or on a first date with a weirdo. possibly all three.
the best of the @motherf_cker's twitter takeover:
bear attempts to steal a sea-doo. such noble creatures, so much like us:
nypd ends controversial "stop-and-frisk" policy. continues strong with "if-you-see-a-homeless-guy-jerking-off, do-nothing" program.
the three most common types of trash at outside lands.
#ff @jarellperry keep your ears on him. wait, you don't have ears? oh. wow, sorry to uh...hear...that. shit, walked right into that one.
#ff @lianamaeby going beyond the call of duty.
19 flight of the conchords gifs to get the mutha'uckin party started:
@xzxmickyzzxzx nah, and if i do, i'll hire some more.
@harveygt_1 pedo bait
@saintocamus spoonman!  call soundgarden.  i love the 90s...
@supersam3 croc master... wait, wasn't he already on cobra?
@greg_whitedoe uh... neither?
@zombie_familiar certainly would protect me from the sun. that thing is like spf ten billion.
@botetahlee84 yes, as long as they aren't those annoying little yellow things. all they're good for is wiping my ass.
@james_w_96 you have to suffer for your art...
@roy4114 gonna be me, bitches...
@avidquacky weiners should never pull out!
@mcrmy_together who?
@pat_vann the bible... they do some evil shit in that book.
@kirkvanderwood amen.
@ohaiitsmefelipe beanie butt muncher!
@the6thsigma it ain't "hospitable," i can tell you that...
@superindiekid orange was my dad's color... i'm my own man now. and "orange mist" sounds like an air freshener.
@miss_2short32 with mother russia by my side, i fear no one!
@valerie_garcia2 peachy.
@roy4114 badassmotherfucker
@joemurayama shout
@l0vey0uc0c0zza who is chloe?
@dan_o_art exactly.
@_jessiegould easy peasy -- the motherfucker is such a cooler name... but the suit was not nearly as breathable.
the world is finally ready for an openly gay sportscaster! it just probably shouldn't be this guy:
the cryptkeeper reviews the new moto x smartphone:
fyi: renowned shark expert/tokyo drifter @realpaulwalker is on discovery channel right now legit trying to catch a great white. #sharkweek
warren klein, the biggest hollywood agent in the 80's, coaxes andrew mccarthy in this recently unearthed voicemail:
eating cereal with a fork. fuck your rules, corporate america.
life is like a box of chocolates: you're excited at first, then disgusted with yourself halfway through.
feast your eyes on the 21 best gifs of all time of the week!
judge your friends with our new party game. prove they're lame and you're funny!
we made a party game! no one asked for it, so here it is!
wearing a fanny pack should grant you access to men's and women's restrooms because sexuality clearly doesn't matter to you.
mls stars @gzusi @omar4gonzalez @kylebeckerman @chriswondo @jackmcinerney9 @brad_davis11 and mike magee kick a new rap:
a unique superhero protects his secret identity at all costs:
a man seeks medical aid and gets much more than expected:
adulthood is mostly about being tired and wishing you hadn't made plans.
click these amazing links so you can be honest when people ask if you did anything cool this weekend!
21 best gifs of all time of the week vol. 6:
a clueless virginia tech student asked @subpop for a homecoming video from nirvana. @subpop delivers:
the breaking news team covers the final day of comic-con 2013...three days after it's over:
6 other anthony weiner alter-egos and what they're used for:
11 meme-related tattoos gone horribly wrong:
aubrey plaza (@evilhag) gets a surprise visit from her aunt debra on the set of "the do list" to talk about penises:
jay-z dropped the hyphen from his name, making him just "jay z". now the hyphen is looking for work on craigslist:
parenting done right. #sdcc
@hegemonium 

george. blue nosed.
@wimsey89 my next one. whatever it may be.
@amysoaaddiction 

he hired tonysoprano's therapist.
@ckarmi 

i have my moments
@doryepeacock   i would. beauty?
@amysoaaddiction 

season 7
@amysoaaddiction 

going with pastels...
@mariemariehb 

'money fer nuthin', chicks fer free'
@stolfatuous the coen bros. p.t. anderson.
@patakabpa 

o.k.....
@ballin873 i've been known as the 'takeover king' for years. just look at what i did with revlon.

oh wait...
@adamlmiles ms foundation, make-a-wish foundation.
@coolcats2001 

blake???
we're handing our twitter keys to ron perlman! tweet questions now and read answers here:
who needs a party when game of thrones is on? #sdcc
@silvahhammah countless
@binameow i really was hit by someone at a red light in my car while i was eating a bowl of cereal. that shit happened.
@levig3 yes, she does. we say it in one of the original home movies we made.
@sabrinafutch cats are awesome
@prospectjoe my pecks are better. his arms are better... hmmm...
@drunkatlambeau a fucking lot
@skwizna kaitlin hurt herself in who pooped the bed ramming her head into that car.
@giraffeinadress check out coffee town on itunes or amazon. just came out. me, ben schwartz, steve little, groban and adrianne palicki
@lchops96 the scene in the police station where charlie is telling the cop about the shusher who raped me.
@dasdominator we shall see....
@big_brach the plan in the gang reignites the rivalry worked...
@m_evans10 good question
@smlcjr she was in the dennis system ep.
@jonclark103 i was forced to because of this stupid show i'm on.
@rippleglider the system works. it is you that failed.
hi, it's glenn. i'll start taking your questions as soon as i can figure out how to use my wife's computer.
real life @adultswim at their funhouse across the street from the convention center. #sdcc
waiting in line for 8 hours to watch 5 minutes of the walking dead is still a popular pastime here. #sdcc
going out in your 20's is a lot different than going out in your 30's:
between two ferns is nominated for an emmy! congrats to @scottaukerman, @galifianakisz @bj_porter, @mike_farah and the whole team!
the honest version of rolling stone's new boston bomber cover:
if at first you don't succeed, fuck it. take a nap. you earned it.
florida has had a lot of bad press lately. here's a definitive list of the pros and cons of this controversial state:
if 2 chainz doesn't have a cameo in "2 guns," a lot of people in hollywood need to sit down and rethink some things.
.@kristenschaaled and @kurtbraunohler guide you through tomorrow's technology in the free new issue of the occasional!
#ff @echok hard at work on the world's first 4d printer.
#ff @cmillsfx and @sslmufx basically the stan winston of fod.
jack handey fans, rejoice! he has a new book called the stench of honolulu! here's an animated excerpt:
mos def's new commercial for ensure is pretty disturbing:
taylor swift (brilliantly played by @billyeichner) premieres her new music video for the hit song, glitter and ribs!
drunk history premieres tonight at 10/9c on @comedycentral! congrats, @derekwaterss! we're all very proud of you.
teacher wears the same outfit in his yearbook photo for 40 years straight:
life is too short to spend any of it listening in on strangers having a conversation about their iphone batteries.
7 creative ways to wear red, white and blue this 4th of july:
four boys decide what to do for the most american day of the year:
.@eliza_coupe (happy endings) is in a new episode of frenemies, where the two worst people ever go to a nail salon:
happy canada day! americans: get in on the celebration by pretending you're polite and you don't have to worry about healthcare.
the one man affected by y2k (@mrmattwalsh) tells his harrowing tale in the latest free issue of the occasional:
we're at the @marfafilmfest! hosting a party today in a thrift shop w/ tequila, ice cream sandwiches and jokes:
a supercut of every question @ellenpage asks in inception. her script must've had a lot of question marks:
george lucas got married over the weekend. here's the speech he made at his wedding:
a group of ladies get drunk on yard chards and discuss their love of bad boys:
celebrate this huge day for equality by watching the fod classic "prop 8: the musical" one more time:
here's what you didn't see during the live broadcast of nik wallenda's death defying skywire walk:
paula deen makes a heartfelt apology to anyone she offended with her insensitive language:
black forest ham is the scariest sounding ham. (via @mikeleffingwell)
at the dawn of the internet, these comedians chose some terrible aol screen names:
the 21 best gifs of all time of the week:
here are 10 fun ways to spread the word about the oddball tour with flight of the conchords and dave chappelle:
all the miss usa contestants really love to hold their face:
sides and rides gets young actors like @bellathorne and @maxgschneider to their auditions on-time and in-character:
every wednesday we have kenny g come by our studio and play for the crew.
get a breakdance like nobodys tipping shirt to tell the world youre a free spirit, but could use a little change:
analeigh tipton (@ohanaleigh) is proud to endorse an exciting new line of vibrating tampons for women:
14 gifs approved by brent rambo:
what if clark kent wasn't superman after all? maybe he just disappeared a lot because he's a raging alcoholic:
#ff @maisie_williams and @esmebianco watch the throne.
"die when i'm young" is the new hit song from @racheldoesstuff about living each day like it's your last:
atari's booth at #e3 is just a basement from 1974:
the 20 people you encounter during summer:
jonathan the hairstylist delivers a gripping recap of the "game of thrones" finale:
the design for apple's new mac pro looks really familiar:
@matt_widz i haven't even had the scripts yet! haha
@haydonsmovies @maisie_williams @cjeter chris haydon is a legend, those verses are really difficult!
@haydonsmovies @maisie_williams @cjeter haha!
@cjeter beyonc!!!! my life would be the best ever!
@haydonsmovies @maisie_williams maybe, the pressure to be funny is very high!
@gameofthrones i wouldn't say anything, i'd just stick my sword through his eye and out the back of his skull..
@harvey_s i haven't, arry has though. (s)he loved it too!
@katyperrycherry andrew garfeild! omg
@esmebianco ummm... daenerys, because emilia gets to film in morocco and i could do with a tan. also, i've always wanted blonde hair..
@srsaul04 "i can be your family"
@cotillardian she would almost certainly kill me if i did that!
@cotillardian season 3.. so much banter!:)
maisie williams is here and ready to answer your questions! tweet them @funnyordie and follow along here!
ken burns documents america's troubling new war that's claiming more victims every day:
hank azaria reading the dodgers starting lineup as apu from the simpsons.
hey, baseball fans! we're taking over the @mlb, @dodgers and @braves accounts sunday afternoon! follow them and prepare for ball jokes!
people who spy on your cell phone: that psychotic person you broke up with immediately and also the us government.
the shocking video of toronto mayor rob ford smoking crack has finally leaked. viewer discretion advised:
do you like cute puppies? quotes from mean girls? kittens playing with string? follow us on pinterest:
parent news investigates this "internet" thing everyone's talking about:
the leaked audio from michael douglas' interview with the guardian:
very excited to watch the referees play game 7 tonight!
in a world with so many ways to get cancer, getting it from oral sex while being michael douglas seems like by far the best option.
so a rabbi, a clown and jesus walk into a bar...
warning! watching this daft punk prancercise video may result in the sudden urge to lose yourself to prance:
comedian @nathanfielder destroys relationships with his latest text message prank:
here's what an honest "hangover iii" poster would look like:
just found out that the #trvtwitterawards are a thing, we were nominated and we lost. it's been a real roller coaster of not giving a shit.
marooned on a hostile planet, a father and son must learn to survive, big willie style:
links! star wars origin revealed, the hangover with kids and more:
"don't try to fix it. i just need you to listen." every man has heard these words. and they are the law of the land:
this trailer for "before 30 seconds from now" is richard linklater's latest story of a (brief) chance at love:
the bathrooms have been broken in our office for a day and now our building is somewhere between lord of the flies and detroit.
the occasional  funny or dies digital humor magazine  is now free! get the new tech issue w/ julia louis-dreyfus!
dealing with bed bugs in 19 easy steps:
the new teaser for "anchorman 2" has arrived and it is glorious:
please dance responsibly to daft punk's "get lucky" or you could wind up crashing your car:
7 reasons why youre sleeping on the couch:
#ff @jesseeodm and @theejamesdavis both their names start with j. it really makes you think.
17 gifs of creed bratton's best moments on the office:
newt gingrich's camera crew tries to explain to him what a smartphone is:
going to be the best man at a wedding? don't worry, this speech template has you covered:
the perfect plan.
get this shirt to let people know you're humble enough to remember a time when you were shitting your pants:
jack black and @eodmofficial visit the @gorburger show for this epic season finale:
7 gifs that prove googly eyes make everything better:
parent news with @fred_willard: it's news that makes sense to your parents!
okay, this gatsby inspired product promotion is getting out of hand:
safety first.
"gathering of the jugglers" would be an equally terrifying festival.
brownies are fruit for fat people.
25 pizza gifs:
zach galifianakis sits down with james franco for a normal, run-of-the-mill interview with absolutely no surprises:
why are they called "fire trucks" when they spray water? shouldn't they be called "water trucks?" thanks, obama.
10 things lauryn hill did with her money instead of paying taxes:
21 gifs of sports fans who may be too invested:
celebrate cinco de mayo in style with this awesome "the usa is just canada's mexico" t-shirt, on sale for only $12!
this is what it would look like if everyone from iron man 3 was on facebook:
pizza work is never over. rt @destructohard: harder better faster pizza ??
isteve  the first steve jobs biopic  is available now on amazon! own a piece of dvd history today. watch different:
this music video for "look at me now" takes you inside the club...the country club:
less talking. more tacos.
the entire staff has assembled in the kitchen to watch a live car chase.
this. rt @trevso_electric: i want to defend a penguin in court just so i can say, "your honor. my client is clearly not a flight risk."
10 more ridiculous headline/picture combinations (that should have led to major firings):
links! tiny turtles, wu-tang and lost snl cast members:
#ff @alisonbrie and @oliviamunn the other two girls in destiny's child.
comedian @nathanfielder told people to cryptically text their parents about drugs then post the results. brilliant:
president @billclinton's first 10 tweets:
making a salad is just dropping a remix on vegetables. get this shirt and let people know you go green:
statistics show one out of every five crews you see working on a sewer manhole = ghostbusters.
5 childhood drawings by kim jong-un:
one of our directors picked up some movies today.
michael shannon (boardwalk empire) gives a dramatic reading of the craziest sorority letter ever written:
thanks @hufsf for sending the fod team a box of hats and socks covered in pot leaves:
cheech and chong list the movies you should see when you're high:
we're nominated for the best social content webby! vote for us now and we'll give you a back rub any time you want:
thanks for all the rts! here are today's winners: @stephenchang9 @supacolinward @ramdadi @shoeburtto @tweetmstrgnrl
don't act like you don't want this "i love cake like a fat kid loves cake" shirt:
isteve mobile billboard spotted on apple campus in cupertino, ca earlier this morning.
the old milwaukee comedy tour w/ matt @braunger and @johnnypemberton starts flowing next week! prepare to laugh.
11 hilarious apology notes from kids:
mindfuck of the century: what if daft punk performed last night, but they just came dressed up as r. kelly? #coachella
#ff @neiltyson space man.
check out these amazing posters for isteve w/ @justinlong as steve jobs and @jorgegarcia as steve wozniak:
former mayor secures re-election by driving 90mph down the street with his genitals out the window:
the vatican apologizes for its recent porn downloads:
the rules of supply and demand clearly do not apply to podcasts.
simon rex (@dirtnasty) takes our slide for a ride.
richard the cat supervises helpless humans as they struggle to spruce up his home:
.@waynecoyne from @theflaminglips visits @gorburger and takes advantage of his special surprise:
in this raw practice footage, we see rutgers basketball coach mike rice save his players from scary spiders:
gay marriage and universal free wi-fi are the great civil rights issues of our generation. (via @joemande)
#ff @krupsusa thanks for sending us this wonderful new coffee machine after we destroyed our last one! we love you.
if you want to see phoebe cates topless, you have to watch judge reinhold fake an orgasm. life isn't fair, but at least it's balanced.
.@gerardbutler pranks an unsuspecting man in his new hidden camera show:
42 more hilarious walking dead memes from season 3:
follow this man if you're interested in the truth. rt @terribletown: there's no substitute for hard work other than being attractive.
sending yourself text messages is basically one step away from living "memento" in real life.
"darkwing duck: the movie" is coming soon if you help fund it! let's get dangerous:
the cast of wings needs your help to make a movie! with your donations, wings: serenity can fly to the big screen:
feel good joke of the day right here. rt @morgan_murphy: i'm jewish but i relate to easter cuz my eggs are dying.
north korea needs to smoke some weed and chill the fuck out.
you've got to be some kind of asshole to spend $100k on a car and paint it bright orange.
.@annakendrick47 takes on asia as the newest member of k-pop supergroup, f(x)!
.@cheechmarin and @tommychong visited us today! nobody can remember what the meeting was about:
brandon and lisa are sex surrogates: psychologists who have sex with clients for therapeutic purposes.
7 less aggressive 90's t-shirts:
happy passover! rt @michaelianblack: the old testament is the historical record of the first time we jews controlled the media.
links! seth meyers taking over for fallon, the lost roles of parks and rec, and more:
.@jennyslate25 and @gabeliedman are back in a new episode of bestie x bestie! grab your bestie and watch it now:
#ff @aparnapkin co-inventor of the knock knock joke and executive producer of that celebrity diving show.
dave franco and @alisonbrie staying warm by the fire on a 76 degree day in van nuys:
last chance to bid on this great charity auction to come to our la office and hang out with the fod team:
11 classic movie scenes with thumbs up instead of guns:
there should be an "it gets better" campaign for people stuck on the second season of the walking dead.
.@mariathayer auditions for untitled blum/lawder project:
calling in sick the day after st. patrick's day is about as believable as saying, "a wizard turned me into a dog. i'll be fine tomorrow."
that's all from texas! thanks for following our tweets. see you next year!
when you roll up to the after party with 8 dudes, the bouncer is not interested in hearing how many twitter followers you have. #sxsw
#ff @reggiewatts doing his part to keep austin weird.
.@gorburger warming up the crowd for the warner sound showcase.
drunk history is in austin! come by @thechicagohouse 2nd floor today at 8pm to hang out and have a few drinks! #sxsw
a band that topped the charts for 11 days 24 years ago, see what the members of meat riot are up to now:
we made an old milwaukee throne for our living room. #sxsw
the gop is considering re-naming their party. here are the ideas that didn't make the cut:
"there are 12 black people in salt lake city, and they all play for the utah jazz." -@roryscovel at our #sxsw party
mumford and sons vs. the lumineers: which is the better band?
couldn't get in to any parties, so we're at a reggae bar doing shots and watching shark tank on mute. this is the interactive portion. #sxsw
time for a serious tweet: the stuart house in la helps victims of childhood sexual abuse. help them by texting healing to 80888 to donate.
here's one of the best @billyeichner lightning rounds. season finale of billy on the street tonight at 10/9c on fuse!
a few years ago, clint eastwood could've moved anywhere in america and been elected mayor. now he's the guy who yelled at a chair.
13 more terrifying celebrity face swaps:
.@azizansari and @joemande discuss the importance of the cinematic classic hitch:
every 'cosmo' cover you've ever seen:
in 2002, the postal service had auditions to fill out the rest of the band. here are the never before seen tapes:
the @gorburger show is back! check out the trailer for season 2:
australia is a british science fair project that turned out really good looking.
prisons and music festivals are the only places cigarettes double as currency.
watch @billyeichner in a new billy on the street tonight at 10/9c on fuse! then watch him on late night w/ @jimmyfallon at 12:35 on nbc!
#saddrseuss yertle the turtle couldn't fucking take it anymore, so he hung himself in the garage and left his kids with nothing #tgif
hey, hollywood! hire @eugcordero and @kulap for hawaii five-o! they'd be perfect:
my favorite computer game is "which one of my open browser windows is that shitty song coming from?" (via @nealbrennan)
7 irrational fears that are real and how to avoid them:
the best oscar moments of 2013:
jennifer lawrence should do a ted talk on keeping it real.
if you're buying meatballs at ikea, eating horse meat probably doesn't rank high on your list of concerns.
"i know what you're thinking...the guy from true lies got an oscar." #oscars
beginning to think that guy in a kilt isn't scottish at all. #oscars
new extended scene from zero dark thirty:
in the battle of cat vs. cd tray, only one can win:
#ff rt @hayeslady: having another one of those days where i just want to rent out a department store and act out scenes from mannequin.
skrillex and cirque du soleil post a craigslist ad looking for dancers:
#ps4: the next generation of escaping your shitty life.
"i can't believe these are all tv shows" is a song that finally says what we've all been thinking about tv:
fun song to sing while you eat lunch: "i love sand-wiches, that's my lunchin' problem. and yeah i like to lunch, i got a lunchin' problem."
enjoy this very special black history month and presidents day tribute to our presidents:
there aren't any girl magicians because we burned them all. (via @kellyoxford)
reno 911!'s @cedricyarbrough wins best outfit of the week:
going to a bar on valentine's day is like a mix between speed dating and trying to catch the last helicopter out of vietnam.
10 less romantic movie quotes:
has anybody considered the possibility that it was a normal size water bottle and mark rubio is actually a giant?
finally, a realistic valentines day jewelry commercial:
north korea's nuclear capability is still nowhere near as terrifying as 90% of the programming on bravo.
here's a picture of a cat dressed up as walter white. your day just got better:
zach galifianakis sits down w/ anne hathaway, christoph waltz and more in this new oscars ep of between two ferns:
#ff @nickwiger hobbies include: all types of ill shit.
how much does a gay man know about a vagina? @billyeichner finds out. new billy on the street tonight at 10/9c on fuse!
.@thisisrobthomas and matchbox 20 star in tvs hottest drama based on musics greatest song: smooth!
entertainment hollywood, the hottest new celeb gossip show, dishes the latest  on ashton kutcher and taylor swift:
we've turned our most popular tweets into shirts you can order! get one today and make your friends jealous:
do you like girls on hbo? then you're going to love bros:
bane steps forward as the evil mastermind behind the super bowl blackout:
actors on set resort to desperate measures when the soda machine breaks:
dear superdome: leave blacking out during the #superbowl to the professionals at home.
want to carry @billyeichner around in your pocket? these free billy on the street ringtones are the next best thing:
.@billyeichner and @zacharyquinto play "it's spock! do you care?" new billy on the street tonight at 10/9c on fuse!
keep calm and carry on and do drugs and take showers in the dark.
name your band after an animal or the ocean. remove all vowels. add a triangle. congrats! you just got booked at every major festival.
a few years ago, @joshfadem and @johnennis were on a cop show that got cancelled pretty quick. here's a clip:
too tired to fake being awake at work today. thanks for being there, giant empty cupboard in the break room. (via @badbanana)
something horrible must've happened to you if you willingly choose a career in parking enforcement.
it's a shame we'll never get to play any these incredible games from atari's 2013 lineup:
two girls try to show their friend what a typical fun day in la is like. that's when things go horribly wrong:
"she got a big booty, so i call her big booty," might be the most honest popular song lyric of this brave new millennium.
#ff @andrewwk and @alyankovic party animals.
here's the imessages conversation where george lucas approved jj abrams for the new star wars movie:
jj abrams confirmed to headline coachella!
questioning authority is judicious. questioning fun is cowardice.
what you think tv shows must be called if the sound didn't work:
can't wait for daniel day-lewis to play obama.
fun game: casually mention in conversation that martin luther king jr. was one of the best dj's of all time.
links! kimye's baby is on the loose and drunk people are drunk:
the inevitable manti te'o movie posters:
#ff @elischeesecake thanks for sending us a delicious cheesecake! let the record show, we love delicious cakes.
follow us on pinterest! we have pictures of puppies, kittens and other small adorable animals:
man gets an unexpected front row seat to a high speed police chase that he's watching on tv:
want to express your undying devotion to pizza? then this is the perfect shirt for you:
here's what tommy lee jones was thinking while he was scowling at will ferrell and kristen wiig at the golden globes:
here's what jodie foster was thinking during her golden globes speech:
hey, canada! billy on the street is on right now on @muchmusic! watch it if you like laughing and having fun.
this is what you do when one of your friends won't put down their phone to stop texting:
laura linney's speech before "downton abbey" is getting increasingly bizarre:
fun football fact: the broncos are the only nfl team named after oj simpson's getaway car.
.@billyeichner hits the streets to play a lesbian lightning round. new billy on the street tonight at 10/9c on fuse!
starve a fever, watch 4 hours of duck dynasty when you have a cold.
this spider just wants to dance the salsa all night long:
40 reasons you should phone it in today:
twitter is a place for life changing realizations like this one. rt @youdonknowme: straws are like drink elevators to your mouth.
links! back to the future's awful journalism, toilet humor and more:
parents, stop giving your kids these crazy names. i just found a love letter my son wrote to a girl named "steven!" (via @dannyzuker)
.@realstaceydash is a normal person just like the rest of us. here's the proof:
are you a fan of vigilantes, @amyozols and caffeinated children? this is the video for you:
nbc stars @andrewrannells and @joshgad find out they have a lot in common. maybe a little too much:
give your kids the gift of science with republican science! a book presented by the republican members of the house:
things don't go so well for this person trying to get snow off of their roof:
always so stressful trying to decide where you want to blackout and lose your phone on new year's eve.
the inside of toys r us today looks like vietnam during the bad years.
#ff @bigboi and @boysnoize late contenders for album of the year. the perfect soundtrack for any holiday family meal.
new world news brings you the latest news, weather and events for the post-apocalyptic united states:
kate makes kevin wait to open his christmas present, but kevin has a hard time not peeking:
the heartwarming holiday coffee commercial goes horribly, terribly wrong:
graveyards are just free baby name books. (via @meganamram)
if you think your secret santa with your coworkers is bad, try being an actor on a tv show:
what ads would look like if instagram sold your photos:
anne hathaway and @samuelljackson face off to see who stars in the saddest movie this christmas:
funny or die shirts are 40% off today only! get one now or risk being naked in public:
check out these @reggiewatts christmas cards from the new issue of the occasional:
there's no way rick ross can fit in most of the cars he raps about.
the pope's tweets have gotten pretty lonely:
executive power tip: if you silently stare at someone long enough, they will eventually leave your office. (via @badbanana)
be bro-choice! a psa from @sarahksilverman:
someone who rts wins a talking @whattedsaid bear! share a beer w/ him while watching ted unrated on blu-ray:
set the text alert on your phone to a fart noise, then fart whenever you want and pretend like you just got a text. the perfect plan.
7 letters to santa written by movie villains:
east coast! watch the premiere of #billyonthestreet in 5 min on @fusetv! west coast! sit around for 3 hours then do the same!
@leanegerber the jeff probst show.
@hugeredskinsfan elf you lunatic!!!
@leanegerber i went on a bender - drugs, alcohol, crazy sex. fell into a k-hole and recorded my part.
@henleychase no, maybe the most unsuccessful! i can never find an asian when to!
@tweetgrubes albert brooks.
@kimmy_obrien it actually leads to spin city.
@bbrrrrr22 no, no nearly small enough.
@leanegerber no it is not!
@greg_coogan i've come close but not yet! i'm cruisin' for a bruisin'.
@metalcakes viola davis, peter dinklage and maria sharapova.
@joeynemati rebel wilson as honey boo boo.
@annielkozak almost impossible to say. but its not mamma mia, i can tell you that much.
@muddymudskipper omg...very hard to say. i'm gonna go with the plot.
@joeynemati yes! you win a mop!!!
the best of @billyeichner's reddit ama:
do you like reddit? do you also like billy on the street? then join @billyeichner for his ama on reddit 60 minutes from right now!
10 things to buy william and kate's baby:
thanks to everyone who came to the #billyonthestreet premiere tonight w/ @billyeichner! season 2 premieres this fri at 10/9c on @fusetv.
14 high-fives gone terribly wrong:
local versions of santa claus from around the world:
huell howser learns about organic farming at whittier backyard farms on this episode of california's lost gold:
#ff @diaper_wolf out of control.
#ff @iamdoncheadle and @efrenramirez they're gonna take pollution down to zero.
the cast of cool runnings 2 (@tomarnold @wwwjustleon @ericandre +more) for the new issue of the occasional!
conan reveals a deleted scene from the walking dead that shows a zombie learning to defend itself:
seeing a homeless guy take a shit on the front door of a 7-11 puts your problems in perspective pretty quickly.
bill murray's hair in "kingpin" is the best supporting actor of all time.
shell oil's training video for abusing arctic mammals has leaked online. not for the faint of heart:
week in review: poll shows majority of americans would watch something called 'love trap'
this week last year: 15-year-old duchess of mccomb, al announces pregnancy
grisly remains of 15 hobbits discovered in peter jackson's attic
new attractive person comes to nations attention
inconsiderate woman on bus eating live tuna
police confirm 15 halflings between the ages of 25 and eleventy-one were discovered inside the home of peter jackson
from the archives: how gay should your husband be before you file for divorce?
yesterday's top story: grisly remains of 15 hobbits discovered in peter jackson's attic
generous military sends $800 in disability to man who wakes up screaming every night
authorities say the hobbits were gagged, beaten, and routinely starved, often receiving only one breakfast per day
"i wish it could stay christmastime all year longa non-stop, 365-day, pornographic yuletide fuckfest."
during the playoffs, dignity and self-respect are on the line on tough season:
will newly appointed nypd commissioner william bratton continue to enforce the controversial "stop and kiss" policy?
biologist completes 5-minute study of pathetic organism in mirror
employee slowly realizes boss attempting to have normal conversation with her
"i bet you theyd press themselves against a hot stove if he wanted them to."
do you understand how to make money producing videos for youtube? neither do we, but it may involve you clicking here
"our study proves that, unlike yourself, all of your peers are enriching themselves."
[american voices] are brains good for anything anymore?
deformed freak born without penis
[american voices] train safety called into question
does the nypd's shocking new policing procedure go too far?
stunned st. peters square crowd overhears pope francis getting bitched out by god
you'll die a little bit on the inside this week, and a whole heck of a lot on the outside | horoscopes:
new report shows many u.s. businesses actually just fronts for money-making operations
what if we put mandms on top? would they eat that? doritos exec wonders out loud
new report shows many u.s. businesses actually just fronts for moneymaking operations
"i am god. at the end of the day, thats all that matters."
[slideshow] 51 blank slides
what the average american consumer will spend this christmas
archaeologists discover site where desperate jesus christ turned tricks
editorial cartoon: 'ask not?'
in commentary: why are all the good guys always taken, gay, dead, or available?
in local news: factory-farm-to-table restaurant proudly serves locally tortured animals 
watch the onion's review of 'the hunger games: catching fire' before seeing it in theaters
#toughseason follows one mans journey to prove hes smarter than his co-workers with the help of nfl stars
the onion's comprehensive guide to thanksgiving
yesterday's top story: total nerd actually owns his own computer
monaco teen doesnt want to fall into townie life of being billionaire race-car-driving playboy
from the archives: obama outlines moral, philosophical justifications for turkey pardon
dont let a little adverse weather ruin everyones holiday. get in that cockpit and do your job. | more travel tips:
faa alert: here's what all travelers should know before boarding their flight:
the poor eggheads probably still a virgin."
[american voices] canadian city outlaws doorknobs
study: major shift in media landscape occurs every 6 seconds
nation has to sell lake house
beauty comes in all shapes and sizes. we are goddamn saints for recognizing that:
why are all the good guys always taken, gay, dead, or available? | commentary:
study: major shift in media landscape occurs every 6 seconds
"i mean, its where some of us lost our virginityi know well never forget that."
in focus: mexican scientists perfect copying
area dad convinced receiver controlled ball, got both feet inbounds
iran, you may be bound by autocratic despots who operate under the guise of diplomacy, but 'the onion' is not
"do those assholes even know how hard it is to enrich uranium?"  frustrated iranian scientist
factory-farm-to-table restaurant proudly serves locally tortured animals
experts say the pro-somethings and anti-somethings have been clashing for generations
editorial cartoon: 'ask not?'
in politics: terrified obama trapped inside
this week's top slideshow: 11 steps for cooking a perfect thanksgiving turkey
this week last year: area woman finally uploads all 12 million pictures of her vacation to europe on facebook
rainforest cafe bartender tells man this his last cheetah rita | more local news:
running back tackled for a loss of 6 memories | more sports news:
man doesn't know how parents ever going to pay off massive student loan debt
man upset with girlfriend changes profile picture back to truck | more local news:
in focus: non-alcoholic beer inventor unveils new non-adhesive glue
man doesnt know how parents ever going to pay off massive student loan debt
"i was positioned behind a fence in dealey plaza right when i gunned down the president."
[american voices] these people need to let go of their obsession with this idea that jfk was ever alive at all.
kindergarten class burning through 6 hamsters a year
[american voices] being able to move your body just isnt relevant to todays kids.
parents finally cave and buy 33-year-old son playstation 1
attractive woman surprised to learn coworker a dick
"if you would open your handouts to page 14, jasons going to outline dad and uncle jacks ongoing argument."
statshot: what passage did we just highlight?
buddhist extremist cell vows to unleash tranquility on west
11 steps for cooking a perfect thanksgiving turkey
#sponsored: catch up on tough season before tomorrow's premiere of episode 6
labor secretary: "im proud to report that companies continue to add many new jobs to their employees workloads."
mom leaves voicemail saying she's about to try calling again | more local news:
[american voices] i dont care about my childs well-being.
woman who had almost formed healthy sense of self rejoins social media
onion poll: do you believe same-sex couples should be allowed to marry?
goddammit, i dont know what to do!  barack obama
woman who had almost formed healthy sense of self rejoins social media
this first time area man hearing about daughter dating george zimmerman
"yes, even someone like dean cain doesnt raise so much as an eyebrow in this big crazy town."  dean cain
man has eaten last 75 meals out of container or carton
the onion's tips for succeeding as a woman in the workplace
report: kanye west, bill gates, tom hanks all currently reading, enjoying this article
#sponsored: read the onion's special coverage on 'beer,' brought to you by shiner white wing:
cancer researchers: dont get cancer
open floor plan increases office shooters productivity by 95%
here are the onion's tips for succeeding as a woman in the workplace:
[american voices] everybody knows once you nab stephen dorff as your spokesperson, you own the teen market.
this week's top slideshow: 10 celebrities you never knew were abducted and murdered by andie macdowell
editorial cartoon: 'a grave development'
in tech news: console wars heat up as zenith unveils gamespace pro
fat kid took two | more local news:
grown man who owns bane action figure has love to give
[american voices] "man, i bet all those chinese couples who had an abortion recently sure feel stupid."
independent bookstore puts the dave eggers right where the fuckers can find them
subscribe to the onion's youtube channel today and hasten the demise of print media
area woman thinking about doing that thing where shes mean to other women she meets for no reason
in focus: powerful rest and fluids industry influencing doctors' treatment of colds
area dad looking to get average phone call with adult son down to 47.5 seconds
im sorry, but at this school we dont promote someone to head surf instructor just because they directed goodfellas...
#spon: for a fantasy football owner, there are days when seemingly everything goes right.
area dad looking to get average phone call with adult son down to 47.5 seconds
area man lacks star power necessary to carry major motion picture
"i think it may take a tragedy for us to form a lasting tie. well probably have to wait until mom or dad dies."
boyfriend can really envision losing his sense of self long-term with this one
[american voices] just in case you were wondering, happiness wont make you any younger.
man catches bad television show going around office
[american voices] and to think, all of this couldve been avoided by not giving a shit about peoples health.
update: sources confirm the omega protocol has failed. all surviving personnel must evacuate the complex immediately.
cowardly refugee running away from problems
t.g.i. fridays bankrupt after spending billions on priceless americana
male substitute teacher with ponytail cloaked in mystery
report: some people live in pennsylvania
[american voices] how else are children going to learn to shoot while jumping sideways?
as retailers plan to open earlier than ever this thanksgiving, here are some of the deals they've unveiled for 2013:
mariana trench once again named worst place to raise child
you'll lose your oldest friend to smoking this week, shortly after running out of cigarettes | horoscopes:
folks, we don't usually do this on the white house tour, but let's go tickle the president | commentary
biden frantically hitting up cabinet members for clean piss
i still think that the print edition is the best way to experience ncis."
"we don't usually do this on the white house tour, but let's go tickle the president" | commentary by john demarco
nfl week 10 winners and losers
i need some lizard juice, pronto."
woman unaware she's only person on acid at james taylor concert
in local news: local teen walks in on family masturbating
report: running to factor greatly in this weeks sports
in politics: republican alternatives to obamacare
shirt a far cry from medium it once was | more lifestyle news:
week in review: twitter ipo price drops after investors realize it means partly owning jeremy's feed
[onion magazine] neckerchiefs: the story of how they never became a $2 billion-a-year industry
twitter ipo price drops after investors realize it means partly owning jeremy's feed
woman always dreamed of opening her own sparsely attended dance studio
[american voices] this better not be an empty promise like last time with lance bass.
high school elects gay 45-year-old homecoming king for first time in school history
local teen walks in on family masturbating
mls championship expected to be most recent one yet | more sports news:
i want to thank you for bringing these concerns to my attention." - man with no chance of effecting any change
report: nation secretly hoping dads die first
local teen walks in on family masturbating
#spon: setting a fantasy football lineup requires the skill of a magician and the foresight of a wizard.
newly naturalized citizens taken around u.s. for orientation
who is chris christie? the onion breaks down all you need to know:
[american voices] in case i ever run for office, i want to come clean now that i smoke crack regularly.
david copperfield once again tops the onions annual list of worlds most powerful people
i want to know if you still consider me appealing, particularly to blacks, hispanics, and women between 30 and 44.
in focus: local prostitutes eagerly await dentists' convention
paul hogan admits hes still searching for that one career-defining role
naughty baker's diminished sex drive starting to affect his work
detroit mayor: 'you wont have to live in the gutter. we have around 70,000 abandoned buildings for you to squat in.'
paul hogan admits hes still searching for that one career-defining role
in focus: area woman encouraged by sight of other woman drinking beer alone at airport bar
in focus: pectoral muscles targeted by fitness fundamentalists
here are some republican alternatives to obamacare:
financially ruined executive still piecing life back together 2 years after occupy movement
advice to enjoy being young came out way sadder than intended
shameless coworker doing nothing to conceal clearly flaccid penis lying beneath khakis
locker room reporter still hasnt gotten used to seeing jerry jones naked
[american voices] things will go back to normal once all the buzz around sideways dies down.
violently loud ad could be blasting from any of 35 open tabs | more local news:
onion sports shares its expert predictions for all of today's nfl games:
the week in sports  week of november 2, 2013
our drugs win drug war mug is the perfect way to enable your coffee addiction:
pilot thanks passengers for flying delta just before plane explodes into a million pieces over atlantic | more news:
onion sports nfl week nine picks:
faa shocked they made lead story of this week's onion review
centers for disease contraction urges americans to suck doorknob
"the time is nigh, but alas, not yet shall i allow my tongue to seek out the sensual pleasures of winter.
[american voices] well, im not using a social network that teens wont use!
couple dressed as mario and luigi drunkenly making out on couch
desperate man hands out rsum to trick-or-treaters | more local news:
all of the glory. none of the fame or riches. follow fantasy football on #toughseason.
harrison ford begs agents to just let him die now
"piven always had a strong cult following but never found a wide enough audience long-term to make it profitable."
#sponsored: read the onion's special coverage on 'sex,' brought to you by skyn condoms:
from the archives: indonesian mother sews halloween costumes for 60,000 children
college unveils new media center every month
red sox host cardinals for game 6 of world series at bostons orpheum theatre
the onion book of known knowledge: quick-burning, grade-a kindling. buy it in paperback now:
lonely man pets dog through crack in car window | more local news:
spontaneous, down-to-earth, and just a little quirky.
nfl athletes finally achieve fame and success by appearing on our new sports documentary #toughseason
roommate protective services rescues helpless 22-year-old from squalid apartment
in focus: elaborate sentence construction facilitates omission of word 'boyfriend'
blake griffin caught plagiarizing dunks
[american voices] mysterious google barges seen on east, west coasts
mom leaks out another divorce detail during drive to sat prep class
sports journalist told to write some slop about baseball healing boston
girlfriend to stay underneath blanket for next 5 months
[american voices] poll: older americans very satisfied with their jobs
enzyme humbled to have played part in successful biochemical reaction
encyclopedophiles, take note: the onion book of known knowledge comes out in paperback tomorrow. pre-order yours now:
dads been on a parenting kick lately
id like to direct your attention to sample a, this photograph of ms. kunis."
today particularly rough day for east village junkie transvestite
editorial cartoon: pillaging our hearts
vegetarian option just iceberg lettuce on bread
realistic cialis ad shows older couple fondling each other before drunkenly passing out after son's second wedding
this time last year: romney's terrifying google search history leaked
in local news: weird man begins every morning by dousing his naked body in water
the week in sports  week of october 26, 2013
new study finds human beings were never meant to wake up from sleep
white house thrilled with record number of people who thought they signed up for healthcare
alumni magazine tiptoeing around campus shooting
man still trying to find right work-anxietylife-anxiety balance
nasa: we will have a mass shooting on the moon by 2055
who are you more excited to see in wes anderson's new movie? bill murray or an old rug?
"when youre in your twenties, a man, anglo-saxon, and able-bodied the world seems like a magical place, doesnt it?"
statshot: how are we raising breast cancer awareness?
scientists teach sign language to gorilla-suit-wearing man
[american voices] starbucks opens first teahouse, plans 1,000 more
panicked newborn didnt realize breathing would be on apgar test
scientists teach sign language to gorilla-suit-wearing man
[american voices] microsoft testing google glass competitor
obama announces start of annual d.c. spooktacular
police investigate reports of local gay man being dragged behind boat
keys to the matchup: cardinals vs. red sox
nothing can stop meim going to live forever!
"join us on capitol chill, if you dare, for a celebration of creepy crawlitics and representative demonocracy!
witnesses indicated that the two suspects appeared to enjoy putting the gay man through this ordeal."
ronald crandall passed away practicing his beloved hobby of high-voltage transmission wire repair | more obits:
8 mind-blowing photos of jessica alba before she hit the big time
peyton manning takes advantage of indianapolis trip to visit wife, children
photo: people in
peyton manning takes advantage of indianapolis trip to visit wife, children
you didnt really think you could browse a modern media outlet's feed and not see sponsored content, did you?
anne hathaway tormented by 14-year-old bully
slideshow: jim leyland: a career retrospective
#spons: there's something oddly noble about being a sheep blindly following orders. with that in mind, read this ad
onion sports presents its winners and losers from the seventh week of the nfl season:
new study finds human beings were never meant to wake up from sleep
[american voices] i have a lot to say about yetis and id love to talk about this, but i need to catch this bus.
week in review: anonymous source tells reporters that hes tired of being speaker of the house
how will the orange butterfly that landed on mike shanahans car on march 12, 1978 impact today's game? see our pick:
blindfold wont matter soon | more local news:
the week in sports  week of october 19, 2013
week in review: anonymous source tells reporters that hes tired of being speaker of the house
[american voices] man uses air conditioner to attack michael bay
hbo announces game of thrones not coming back this weekend
'12 years a slave': the remarkable true story of kunta kinte, malcolm x, john quincy adams, and oprah winfrey
photo: proposed immigration law calls for u.s. to shut down border slide
in focus: comeback much harsher than insult
there's going to be a new alpha male in the office when my coworkers hear about the baby deer i saw | commentary:
child sees no reason why iron man costume can't be worn to grandfathers funeral
distressed michael vick urges creation of some sort of dog fighters anonymous support group
nude biden wakes up on cold slab in d.c. morgue
in focus: responsibilities track man down inside dream
heroic broken sewage pipe floods congress with human waste
guinness world records promotes man who can lift 27 pounds with tongue to editor-in-chief
haunted corn maze owner has another conversation with zombie no. 2 about not touching
our meeting ended early today, so there was a safe 20-minute window that i could set aside for a long, hard cry."
at a certain point i started wondering if i was even doing the hajj correctly.
"nothing fancy, but a great place to throw up, you know?"
sports fan has opinion
nation could probably draw john boehner from memory at this point
commentary: escape into escapism with jean teasdale
serial killer thinking of interesting ways to incorporate social media
here are the most popular autumn activities:
blood-soaked mayor @mikebloomberg announces homelessness no longer a problem in new york city
[american voices] shutdown halts craft beer production
family watches in silence as dad checks out waitress
in sports: suicide hotline operator sick of talking down jaguars players
tea party congressman listens to constituent who wears thomas jefferson costume everywhere
family watches in silence as dad checks out waitress
john boehners wife calls for her shutdown king to come back to bed
the week in pictures:
in focus: teen who just discovered led zeppelin starting to piss off friends
expect the #seahawks to establish their running-up-the-score game early on. more picks:
will a loss against the #jets finally provide a much-needed fifth wake-up call for the #steelers? our nfl picks:
editorial cartoon: 'executive orders'
the week in sports  week of october 12, 2013
intern strikes up friendship with least-respected employee
wnba finals dominated by minnesota lynx's 8-month pregnant power forward
intern strikes up friendship with least-respected employee
woman on gym treadmill cranks incline up to 90 degrees
in focus: area man maps out drinking strategy
obamacare helps uninsured americans become blindingly enraged at insurance companies
thunk u for nobbel prise, me happie now | commentary by alice munro:
the onions guide to understanding the debt ceiling crisis
rt "@kanyewest: attention this new baby is going to be some next-level shit #yeetus" | additional coverage:
"nobbel prise such good. is best most good most shine prise for littersure."  alice munro
statshot: why are we leaving facebook?
washington redskins change their name to the d.c. redskins
military unveils bionic super soldiers capable of withstanding mental toll of war
washington redskins change their name to the d.c. redskins
michelle obama opens up in marie claire: our sex life has never been more open, more experimental, more generous
military unveils bionic super-soldiers capable of withstanding mental toll of war
nypd lets suspicious man go after only finding catcher in the rye in backpack
1931: disney chemists synthesize and patent childlike wonder | more notable moments in disney history:
nypd lets suspicious man go after only finding catcher in the rye in backpack
tips for decorating your home for halloween
i wonder if my roommate can hear my girlfriend and me firing civil war cannons | commentary:
your horoscopes  week of october 8, 2013
area family putting a little money away to one day blow on single health scare
high-powered washington fixer tells blood-soaked obama to listen carefully
[american voices] i love reality shows because they accurately depict the world i live in.
the standoff will end when we realize we had the power to end it all along. we just had to believe in ourselves:
high-powered washington fixer tells blood-soaked obama to listen carefully
[american voices] i could see eating 20, maybe 22 feces-filled pills. but 24? gross.
nfl switches to all-pink mri machines for breast cancer awareness month
onion sports picks the winners of all of today's nfl week five games:
in local news: 5-year-old figures he has a year left of peeing at urinals with his pants all the way down
tea party leaders announce support for deal in exchange for malia obama
david bowie asks iman if they should just do lasagna again
tea party leaders announce support for deal in exchange for malia obama
update: the u.s. department of justice has reportedly shut down
our relations with our corporate partners remain more pure and beautiful than anything you'll ever experience
from the archives: national funk congress deadlocked on get up/get down issue
"i was thinking about my family and if i would ever see them again."  survivor of harrowing 7-minute standup set
"meatmeatmeatmeatmeatmeatmeatmeatmeatmeatmeatmeatmeatmeatmeatmeatmeatmeatmeatmeat."  boar's head ceo robert martin
in focus: stoner uncle all the kids' favorite
kid not getting in strange van for anything less than king-size bar
try to look at this worst tattoo fail of all time slide and not melt! slide adoption specialists are standing by:
the onion's film critic reviews the new movie 'gravity'
from the archives | i don't want health care if just anyone can have it
in focus: stripper does adequate job
nation admits there could be a little less porn
u.s. treasury announces bonus financial quarter worth double the cash
your physician is now dr. michael possin. call his office for an appointment | your obamacare questions answered:
i dont know where my navy blue tie issure, maybe thats not important to you, but it is to me | commentary:
last thing government worker needed was agency labeling him non essential
"im being told that i could straight up stop going to work at all and it would not essentially change anything."
the most powerful and enlightened society in human history was unable to staff and operate this establishment today:
how obamacares health insurance exchanges work
in focus: man alienates friends with self-constructive behavior
jay cutler proudly watches son throw first tantrum
u.s. on verge of full-scale government hoedown
[american voices] oh, thats right, i meant to buy meth today.
5-year-old figures he has a year left of peeing at urinals with his pants all the way down
top weekend video: story of small businessman struggling under obama administration draws to close
the american dream is dead and barack hussein obama killed it.
dad explains obamacare | its bullshit, says dad
week in review: ted cruz fills few hours of marathon speech with rousing pro-obamacare argument
this week last year: george w. bush returns to america after spending 4 years in the himalayas
in focus: woman finds imperfect mate at outlet mall
10 photos that will make you angry because you are a strange person who gets upset at pictures of wallets
google employees disappointed 15th anniversary party only has one solar-powered lego drag race reffed by david pogue
student reporter hits it out of the park with 5 accurate sentences
new poll finds americans view death of close relative more favorably than congress
"its not often you see a reporter who can write multiple sentences that dont have glaring errors."
ted cruz fills few hours of marathon speech with rousing pro-obamacare argument
this fruit cup is kind of like a wallet for fruit. that somehow makes you angry:
ufc 227 or 183 or some fucking thing happened last weekend
in focus: new 'small 'n' flaccid' ad campaign least successful ever
lack of sexual tension with coworker nearly unbearable
"obamacare will reduce insurance premiums for most."  man displaying his 8% grasp of the sweeping health care reform
james fenimore cooper, famed american novelist, dies at 224
"no one wants to find themselves in a situation comedy like this, but thats just life sometimes."  martin mull
you're going to need to shower after viewing this slideshow:
secret agents backs always been a bit hinky ever since he burst through that skylight and landed in fountain
7 places you have to go after you die
i wish the government would make up its mind who should be killed and who i can have sex with | commentary:
remember: #sponsored content is only shameless if it's unapologetically promoted on twitter
worlds insect leaders attend g20,000,000,000 summit
man experiencing first real moment of peace in years resuscitated
in focus: ex-wife, divorce lawyer killed as model train careens off tracks
intricacies of meal plan discussed
nothing is more intellectually satisfying than reading corporately sponsored editorial content. try it out!
new netflix gas lets users inhale multiple seasons of tv shows
fantasized argument getting pretty intense
this week's 5 best-selling books as compiled by the onion book review:
[american voices] neo-nazis trying to create whites-only town in north dakota
how 'u.s. news' ranks colleges
in focus: family of five found alive in suburbs
here are some of the most notable moments from this years emmy awards:
onion sports presents its winners and losers from the third week of the nfl season:
the week in pictures
in focus: scuba diver expressing either joy or terror
this week's top slideshow: 10 amazing photos of doug bramowski as he slowly realizes his wife is having an affair
this week last year: romney apologizes to nation's 150 million 'starving, filthy beggars'
a small town police chief manifests his repressed homosexuality in the form of a shark: the onion reviews 'jaws'
the onion's tips for healthy skin
businessman steps out of airplane to take important call | more local news:
the onion refuses to cover the click bait that is the federal reserve chairman nomination process
lonely nation gathers outside window of happy family eating dinner together
"bill called me limp dick and punched my shoulder. i wasnt sure if he was insulting me or just being friendly."
[american voices] wizard of oz rereleased in imax 3d
deceitful woman deviously alters appearance to give illusion of youth, fertility
id say hell is easily the most lgbt-friendly place ive ever lived.
what apple users need to know about #ios7
deceitful woman deviously alters appearance to give illusion of youth, fertility
11 amazing photos of doug bramowski as he slowly realizes his wife is having an affair
[american voices] britney spears to have own las vegas show
obama meets with nations schizophrenic voices to urge less violence
new study finds americans scoot over at least 10 miles per year
obama: "i would ask that you please not drive anyone to run into a public area and kill innocent people."
im just a free spirit who is entirely financially dependent on others | commentary:
new study finds americans scoot over at least 10 miles per year
gta v a sophisticated gaming experience, says man who spent 3 hours running over homeless people with fire truck
company more like family whose members are desperate to join better family
in focus: grand theft auto v missions to focus largely on tutoring, community outreach
desperate nation tries getting on board with mass shootings
"we really are all like family here, until such a time, of course, as i meet a new family in a bigger, better city."
pope francis i is considering rebooting satan with a darker backstory | more reforms under consideration:
your horoscopes  week of september 17, 2013
study finds leading cause of depression hearing words 2016 frontrunners
editorial cartoon: 'trying our patients'
here are a few of the new features of grand theft auto v gamers can look forward to:
tv showdown pits sleepy hollow debut against hbos ichabod, tnts headless horseman, showtimes cloaked rider
the week in pictures
fantasy owner just needs last minutes of game to include gore picking up 29 yards, 49ers passing to anybody but boldin, one kaepernick int
could rgiii be coming off some sort of serious knee injury that still needs to recover? osn's #redskins-#packers pick
woman loses 20 months on fad diet | more local news:
this week's top video: college freshman honors dead roommates memory by solemnly eating all his food
this week's top story: apple unveils panicked, idealess man at launch event
anthony weiner announces bid for whatever's left
banana slogged through | more food news
10 reasons falling for shameless click bait makes you a bad mother
onion review: anthony weiner announces bid for whatevers left
its important to stay informed, you know? - sick, weird degenerate
christ reluctantly enters area man's heart
report: some small town enjoying last days of anonymity before harrowing tragedy
"frankly, i dont see why this always has to be my responsibility."  jesus christ
report: gap wider than ever between ultra-rich and reality
"its crazy to think that three days ago he was hanging out eating this cereal, but now bens gone forever."
statshot: what did our psychiatrist just jot down?
marketing department under impression keebler elves a beloved part of american culture
[american voices] maybe 2014 will be the 99 percents year.
rudy giuliani suddenly realizes hes been grinning during entire 9/11 ceremony
"she almost nailed it. and this is the woman who asked if the internet was as good as the online."
[american voices] canada probably thinks happiness is looking at a tree or something. mexico is simply lying.
features of the lower-cost iphone 5c
manager slits own throat after realizing some members of company not on same page
report: u.s. exported 6 billion tons of crude web content last year
steve jobs posthumous disapproval | more features of the lower-cost iphone 5c:
photo: the ineffectual, idea-free man, whom #apple unveiled on stage today
report: national average now 604
in focus: sole survivor of air crash has asia's 'sole survivor' stuck in head
in focus: tennis guy wins tennis again
editorial cartoon: 'raking it in'
nations math teachers introduce 27 new trig functions | all students must master gamsin, negtan, cosvnx, 24 others
assad: "can you imagine what a high dose of sarin would do to someone? especially a child? jesus."
"any opinion that comes out of pauls mouth is immediately derided, talked over, or ignored."
sleeping middle-aged businessman in airport suddenly so childlike, so vulnerable
dallas cowboys halftime show features execution of texas prisoner
nfl: "fans are no longer required to miss the urinal and piss wildly onto the floor, wall, and adjacent partitions."
nfl stadiums eliminate policy requiring all fans to piss on floor next to urinal
pork pulled beyond recognition | more local news:
the onion's tips for college freshmen
elderly woman with long, bushy hair would like to sell you wind chimes | more local news:
study: average person becomes unhinged psychotic when alone in own house
[american voices] george zimmermans wife files for divorce
new robocop trailer reveals main character to be some sort of robotic policeman
study: average person becomes unhinged psychotic when alone in own house
with violence intensifying every day, now's the right moment for the united states to send our legislators to syria
man puts glass of water on bedside table in case he needs to make huge mess in middle of night
10 places you have to see a football game before you die
wal-mart announces plan to slash customers throats
91% of poll respondents agree that assad's use of sarin gas increases the desire to send congress to syria
target of future drone attack urges american intervention in syria
10 places you have to see a football game before you die
wal-mart announces plan to slash customers throats
true courage is knowing youre wrong but refusing to admit it | commentary:
[american voices] ill probably throw my lamp a little party, nothing too major.
royal baby already making new friends
[american voices] the road to understanding usually begins with a newsletter.
"how many ariel castros have to suffer before we realize the machine is broken?"
the prince is barely a month old, but he already has all sorts of friendshes quite the social butterfly!
bruce springsteen on fence about playing assads birthday gig
mom loved fruitvale station
coworkers nationwide embrace tearfully after painful 3-day separation
[american voices] just goes to show that if you dont give up, you can swim really far for no discernible reason.
"by the time they reach 60, americans really have nothing more to offer."
the lord our god, creator and supreme ruler of the universe, says he hasnt felt this sad in millennia
if youre overweight and dont like to party, change one of those things | more tips for college freshmen:
top weekend story: hannah storm on what shes learned from interviewing nfl players: theyre idiots
hannah storm on what shes learned from interviewing nfl players: theyre idiots
the week in pictures:
in focus: americans take day off from looking for work
in national news: nations single men announce plan to change bedsheets by 2019
so whats it going to be? | commentary by bashar al-assad
back brace torn off in passion | more local news:
in local news: woman who left room crying earlier expects to jump back into party just like that
nation annoyed about having to spend long weekend away from work
man with 2-dollar-sign salary recklessly walks into 3-dollar-sign restaurant | more local news:
[american voices] well, we have to bomb somebody.
obama throws up right there during syria meeting
"it was incredible to see his mind at work, taking every good aspect of our proposal and dismantling it like a child"
[american voices] scientists grow miniature human brains
completely unnatural mixed-race couple actually kind of beautiful in a way
word search on box of frosted mini-wheats fucking impossible
completely unnatural mixed-race couple actually kind of beautiful in a way
"we had gotten a recipe for some cactus tea, and brother, when it kicked in, it kicked hard."  pope francis
in focus: magic-store employee not the same since losing virginity
in sports: the onion ranks the nfls top 10 linebackers
"before, all we had to worry about were gunfights and bombings, but now its gunfights, bombings, and bears."
"its pretty pitiful that what blacks are going through right now in america could be considered a veritable heyday."
study: 25-foot-tall asian women remain underrepresented in media
nations single men announce plan to change bedsheets by 2019
experts point to long, glorious history of successful u.s. bombing campaigns
hey, have you seen this [stupid thing?] its really [stupid.]  your facebook timeline
entire nation pitches in to save yosemite | 'c'mon, gang! this is our park'
dear reader: we merely offer the materials. it is up to you to assemble them:
your horoscopes  week of august 27, 2013
town nervously welcomes veteran back home
editor of
town nervously welcomes veteran back home
the week in pictures
in focus: nation's underfunded public education system to experiment with shortened 6-day school year
man thought to be dead wakes up 2 days after cremation | more local news:
in sports: tony romo notices star on cowboys helmet for first time
top slideshow: 11 surefire signs
dan savage successfully undergoes gay conversion therapy
narrow gaps in bathroom stall doors to be widened monday
report: last time anyone actually rose to the occasion was 2002
nate silver vows to teach chris berman how to read
slideshow | before one direction: a look back at history
in focus | report: more recent college graduates making extra money by tutoring high school teachers
awkward new international student saw his entire family murdered in the congo
[american voices] bradley manning wants to live as woman
new desktop folder created for sad little creative project
awkward new international student saw his entire family murdered in the congo
time flies when youre feeding an addiction to internet pornography over which you no longer have any control
study: majority of children lack strong male supermodels
11 surefire signs
economists advise nation's poor to invent the next facebook
[american voices] thank god all my illegal activity is offline and spur-of-the-moment.
man working up courage to ask coworker to office dance | i wonder if stacy already has a date to fall ball?
economists advise nations poor to invent the next facebook
student has read only third of the way through summer reading list printout | more local news:
follow @onionsports as they reveal the nfl's top 10 wide receivers for 2013
[american voices] thank god my womb is barren.
report: employers know within first 5 minutes of job interview whether they will murder applicant
[american voices] obama needs all the unconditional love he can get right now.
obama family adopts 44-year-old portuguese water man
"people need to be on their game if they want to prove to employers that theyre someone who deserves to live."
did you know that, on average, $5,000 of your tuition goes to a 'morgan spurlock appearance fee?' a full breakdown:
in focus: neither person in conversation knows what hedge fund is
"he kept saying that his twin had escaped and was floating under him, whatever that means."
what does college tuition money pay for?
study finds you irrelevant to success or failure of bollywood film zanjeer
san andreas fault feels terrible for what its about to do
and now, @onionsports top running back for 2013
well, neighbors just got a pit bull
editorial cartoon: 'last disrespects'
[american voices] yes! i always knew i was in the vanguard of a dawning trend.
week in review: hundreds dead in egypts inspiring march toward democracy
in commentary this week: it says here on your rsum, mr. zimmerman, that you shot a boy?
the onion reviews 'lee daniels' the butler'
it says here on your rsum, mr. zimmerman, that you shot a boy?
i cant even be the first openly gay man to summit mount everest. thanks, cason crane.  frustrated gay teen
hundreds dead in egypts inspiring march toward democracy
the onion reviews the new film, 'lee daniels' the butler'
david mccullough wondering how much scratch he could shake out of frederick douglass
majority of skype session spent looking at self | more tech news:
egypt plunges into state of middle east
white house increases security after man shows up at oval office looking for obama
scientists finally pronounce human genome | its gatcaatgaggtggacaccagaggc
here are the 16 places on the entirety of planet earth where homosexuals dont have to fear for their livelihood:
egypt plunges into state of middle east
white house increases security after man shows up at oval office looking for obama
in focus: nation's students to give american education system yet another chance
friend asks if there any openings at job he constantly mocks
father teaches son how to fly into rage over completely inconsequential bullshit
in focus: school janitor's summer as human already a distant memory
friend asks if there any openings at job he constantly mocks
the onion knows that compromise is for the weak. we call on jews and arabs alike to stand your ground.
father teaches son how to fly into rage over completely inconsequential bullshit
"i dont know who he is, but he reminds of jay-z or of a 1970s mick jagger. hes just so fucking smooth, you know?"
[american voices] im so sick of these federal judges and their faithful interpretation of the constitution.
area man perfectly content with role as another cog in the wheel
bigoted asshole makes the best barbeque
sagittarius: there is a time and place for everything, except for your incompetent scat singing. | your horoscopes:
israelis and palestinians, accept nothing short of total victory against those who threaten your way of life:
area man perfectly content with role as another cog in the wheel
colorado boy asks nation not to find his missing little brother
whitey bulger verdict interrupted by ben affleck shouting commands from directors chair in balcony
follow @onionsports as they reveal the nfl's top 10 quarterbacks starting today at 1:00 edt
[american voices] theyre probably just waiting to see which car the lumineers endorse.
teen choice awards honor cory monteith with posthumous surfboard
headline about so-called lobsterman extremely misleading
51% of country referred to as 'female vote' | more news in politics:
woman at supermarket imagines entire narrative where bagger is happy with life
in focus: capricious god violently shakes ant farm day after bestowing orange slices upon colony
gorilla won't stop saying 'gorilla' in sign language
here are some of the milestone moments in al-qaedas 25-year history:
[american voices] as a strong, intelligent woman, i plan on getting pregnant just to prove this study wrong.
in local news: man has never given single definitive yes to any invitation he's ever received
top story: iowa state fair guards told to shoot noniowa residents on sight
no one at baseball game has any idea what inning it is, what score is, what teams playing
doctors finally clear peyton manning to play football
insecure, frustrated bully with something to prove considering career in law enforcement
[american voices] this seems like as good a time as any for a coup.
corpses of 'lone ranger' producers hung from hollywood blvd. street lights as warning to others
[weekend magazine] aubrey plaza: is she this generation's mindy kaling?
truther jihadist wishes al-qaeda had done 9/11 attacks
winning lottery numbers so obvious in hindsight
[american voices] this could get interesting. but i doubt it.
disneys toy tales hits theaters friday
purchase of jeans ushers man into exclusive, ultra-cool subculture of jeans-wearing americans
"suri hungers. meat fresh. we feast now?"
what's causing our insomnia?
45,589,321 healthy kale recipes to try this summer
masochist dog enjoys being walked around on leash while naked
"you take your eye off the road for a second, andbam, you hit jimmy carter with your car."  president obama
president obama: my fellow americans, i dont quite know how to tell you this...
in focus: 7-year-old transfers friend's obituary onto silly putty for posterity
alex schlemmer is still able to remember all the tv station numbers from his childhood | more unsung heroes:
i'm happy to say, after 71 years, i'm finally going on a surfin' safari | commentar by brian wilson
leo: yes, love is a total mystery. those semen stains, though, are probably a clue | your horoscopes:
june 21: finds set of footprints from when jesus was carrying it across planet | more curiosity rover highlights:
taylor swift now in long-distance relationship with curiosity rover
dolphin spends amazing vacation swimming with stockbroker
during his time in office, mr. ahmadinejad captured the imagination and undying support of every iranian across the country.
in focus: fact repeated as urban legend
how the nsa collects your data
report: only thing a-rod guilty of is trying to win ballgames
"since i was a boy, i wanted to be a pro ball player who was on powerful, highly illegal performance-enhancing drugs"
man has never given single definitive yes to any invitation he's ever received
the week in pictures
[week in review] report: economy just one speech away from recovery
merger of advertising giants brings together largest collection of people with no discernible skills
this week's top video: nation just wants to be safe, happy, rich, comfortable, entertained at all times
terrorist plot foiled after concert security taps woman's purse
report: economy just one speech away from recovery
to clarify, sources say the current employment climate isnt being described as sluggish because it looks like a slug
[american voices] texas running out of execution drug
[weekend magazine] syria death toll hits 100,000: trouble in paradise?
[american voices] armed george zimmerman given warning for speeding
slideshow: 7 most annoying things your coworkers do every day
woman apparently wants to smell edible
[onion sports poll zone] how should the mlb punish a-rod?
"is giving me total energy independence, a cure for cancer, air conditioning, and world peace so hard to do?"
grown adult walks right into karate studio
"thats one small beat for man, one skeedle-dee-bop for mankind."  neil armstrong
[american voices] if only kurt cobain would have sampled some of the fine blends seattle has to offer.
slideshow: check out this egg
open dialogue two americans having about race pretty hilarious
"with all due respect, your honor, i fucking hate this country." | arguments for bradley manning being a traitor:
bashar al-assad introduces syrian bike-sharing program
sidesplitting exchange between two americans includes: "i disagree with some of your perspectives, but i respect you"
sources: 'christ, just look at this fucking loser'
politician spots young female aide, and so it begins
scorpio: your hatred of the unfamiliar leads you to open hundreds of identical fast-food restaurants | horoscopes:
boss has been riding steven van zandts ass all day
"i like going to movies alone."  man, who, deep inside, must bejust must befucking miserable
woman flattered complete stranger would say something so nice about her tits
in focus: teen male vaguely unnerved by nude pantyhose rack at kmart
pit of komodo dragons shocked to discover billionaire who owns them is just 26
report: only .00003% of things that happen actually matter
@angelbonline that was nice. thx angel b.  b^&gt;~ love
i don't wanna freak anybody out bt i've given up striving seeking searching wishing and wanting. so far i don't miss them. all is #boing ;^)
this is it. it is this. it's all that is and if you see me smiling it's because i'm no longer standing in its way. #boing ;^)
@sba1617 you too, saba. many spanks. be love. ;^}
headed 4 toronto when i rise today 4 another cool book signing at indigo books. can't wait to see all the friendly folks back home! zzz 3^
every sound that comes out of your mouth forms the universe and so i say quite simply #boing ;^d
@catherinesarama wow. beautiful! much love! ;^)
i hope you join me for my book signings posted at
great things are happening! say it, till you believe it and it shall be so! let there be #boing ;^|)
you're all so sweet. spank you kindly! 3^)
how roland rolls: the songs - ep by jim carrey the music for how roland rolls just went up on itunes. ;^}
reading 2 your kids makes them happier and 78% less likely to rob a bank, according to my research,which is none.
@aisha_hussain yer awesome! ;^*
@tdawg2333 i love it! ;^]]]]]
i visit ellen 9/23 to show my #funderful kids book in stores, next day. order it now on
as ppl grow bigger they feel smaller and smaller but kids know the whole universe belongs to them.they remind us.
@kimithesweet1 so glad! ;^}
@zacksonnenberg stop trying. happy comes first. good things are attracted to it. ;^)
@lluv80s_alina wow. your sexy, alina. tell your boyfriend not to hurt me. i'm just sayin'! 8^
@stellavonmom there will always be war. will you always be unhappy? happiness and empathy work really well together. ;^}
that's
@eulogew nice. ;^}
@eva_araujo  i dig that little eva. spanks! 8^
@ishhhhii hi ishi! ;^&gt;
@raaskaller you are the stinky one! ;^}
@baka_trillah check sagescientist symposium 2013 on ustream. deepak chopra and some smart and talented folks expanding consciousness. ;^}
@rae03chee26 only victims of abuse become abusers. ;^]
i believe heaven belongs to everyone and even the worst of us is gonna get there... eventually. ;^}
@hansenmommyca are you really heather hanson or are you that which is aware of heather hansen liking the questions i ask? ;^
@govtstooge #boing #boing belleville! ;^&gt;
@franny_99 fran, that's awesome! ;^d
@laus102 got that one. ;^o
@jaclynduff88 ;^p
@hammadbu50 spank you kindly. much love! ;^}
@bretarded hahaha! would i?!! ;^j
@wayne_aalders hi bella. i love you! 
=8^}
@sylva_xoxo no thank you, sylva! really! ;^}
this morning i was in the backyard enjoying all the song birds until a few crows began shrieking and it reminded me 
green paint on lincoln memorial. ppl are getting tired of corporate tyranny disguised as democracy. ;^\
i've been playing with fire... and bronze! 'ayla' represents true love, who's invitation arrives only when we're rea
last night i dreamed i was driving my car wth my mind while riding on the hood right past a cop bt he ws busy being 
only love is cool. ;^)
asslt rifle fans,i do not agree wth u,nor do i fear u but i do love u and i'm sorry tht in my outrage i called you names.that was wrong. 3^{
to all my northern brothers and sisters, happy canada day! i'm proud of you and i'll love you forever! ;^)
i meant to say my apologies to others involve with the film. i am not ashamed of it but recent events have caused a change in my heart.
maybe this is why i've always felt like a visitor on this planet.
i just added my voice. text myvoice to 877877 to answer my call. #myvoice 3^}
like it or not, wayne lapierre is necessary. without contrast how would we know what goodness looks like? 
;^)
birds r pretty but they have horrible farts.they flap their wings to get rid of the stench and fly away so they can't be blamed. poot! &gt;=}8&gt;
one thing's for sure, we'll get the legislation we deserve. i'm gonna go listen to the birds, now. remember actual tweeting? ;^}
nra, faithless even to its own members.
congrats to the 68 senators who voted in favor of debate on gun legislation. now, let's make america a safer place for our children. 3^|
@tammybaldwin most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@mariacantwell most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@sensanders most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@tedcruz most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@johnthune most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senwhitehouse most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senjeffmerkley most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@robportman most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorhagan most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@heinrich4nm most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@kellyayotte most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorfischer most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@royblunt most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@alfranken most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senmocowan most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senangusking most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senrandpaul most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorharkin most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorkirk most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@maziehirono most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@marcorubio most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@chrismurphyct most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorboxer most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senjohnmccain most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senshelbypress most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
hey world,chck out 'cold dead hand' on funny or die n itunes.
@rescuediver33 flush
god bless martin luther king jr. bravest of the brave!  3^}
'cold dead hand' approaching 3 million views in 9 days.
no more big guns#letyourheartbeheard
@el_padrinockg it's on the way, boss! ;^&gt;
@el_padrinockg all the way, marcus! deeper than the deep blue sea! ;^}
@soffedyr don't worry brielle.they're feelin' powerless and angry about life.it's not really me.they just need a place to put it. ;^&gt;
wow. i shined a light on the hate and now my twitter stream is nothin' but love. i appreciate your support, so much!  #spankyoukindly ;^)
a lot of the autographs you'll buy 4 guns online r fakes.jokes on both buyer and seller.not to mention the karma.your luck will be bad.  ;^)
@zz_crusader_zz that's cat sratch feeble baby! ;^}
this shower of bile isn't abt me.i tapped into your feelings of powerlessness n openned up a reservoir it took yrs t
@jarredhardinger jarred, if shooting targets wth your ar-15 is more important 2 u thn the safety of school children it's time 2 wake up! ;^\
there r also many fair minded ppl out there and i appreciate their support bt i love every1 whether we agree or not. yes, even the mf's! ;^p
@opinion8edman thank you semantic man! ;^p
thx 4 your input 2day.i don't think i've ever felt so despised and so free at the same time. it's been delightfully. ;^}
@dloesch so that means ppl need a hundred bullet magazine? well,u don't make sense but you cause confusion and that's all u really want! ;^}
i'd like to respond to all the conservative bundits out there personally but i'm far too busy not stumping for the g
no 1 is answering my suggestion of developing non-lethal self-defense! i guess that wouldn't satisfy our national ad
'cold dead hand' is abt u heartless motherf%ckers unwilling 2 bend 4 the safety of our kids.sorry if you're offended
@mattsorum mattahorn! how's yer life? ;^}
@dmolloy25_ennis 2000 degress. ;^
@angelanaustin angela, i wish u tons of love! u must be a compasionate soul after enduring that. big hugs to u and your beautiful boy! ;^&gt;
@nutsiko_o thx nutsa. i hope you're feeling better! ;^]
@travislfowler thx. much love! ;^}
did 10 hrs in the art studio, today. felt so f%ckin' good to paint again! 
2b^&gt;=&lt;;
everything is yours. thanks for sharing. ;^)
@hawkeyeharrison i love you too, callum, regardless of your unholy stench! ;^)
@daryalekomceva cool ;^)
many spanks for all the lovely comments. i love you all. everything is perfect! ;^}
@sba1617 many spanks, saba! ;^}
count on impermanence! ;^
@lilikebi hello lili! i love you! ;^}
@donnamac54 grrrrrruff! };^]
@xsxuxpxexr glad you liked it bud!
;^}
guess who's making an appearance on letterman tonight? me, back on my awkward spiritual journey! backstage! b^}
@mattsorum before i met jagger, he was obese!  [:^{|}
day 19. gentle. easy. silent. 3^)
@alis0nslidjia oui! ;^)
@sofdraper you're lost. ;^\
day 18 of my new nutritional lifestyle. i feel at one with nature and my poop is covered in moss. :^}
big laughs in burt wonderstone! my little part is pretty nuts. steve's hillarious and arkin sublime as usual. glad i could jump in! 2b^&gt;
lot of judges out there tonight. this court is adjourned!!! ;^p
@jimcarrey day 16. super clear. super creative. ~b^p
@jessebogart1 bologna
@camels95 none dude. don't wanna miss the show. ;^}
@williestwilly not in giant amounts but yeah. ;^)
@pastortomweaver ribeye is protein. ;^)
@jockin_db true. enjoy your bypass! ;^p
end of day14.diet is kicking in.feeling relaxed content and even blissfull,like i just got up from a good nap.(4 details chck prev twts) ;^}
@lyssajune never heard of it. if you say so. ;^)
@tara_leann_ford many spanks, tara! ;^]
@jadorekristen love works. ;^)
@cherylmarie26 nothings wrong. just try no wheat dairy or sugar for 3 wks. see how it feels. ;^}
@sleeplessinrome if the body makes it how can it be nonessential?
@vet624 3wks is just the beginning for me. it's a lifestyle. ;^]
@strwbskullnic87 read prev twts;^&gt;
@praxz4811 names are fattening ;^p
@dennisandrew22 cool. ;^}
tomorrow,day 14,no wheat dairy sugar coffee soda drugs alcohol or tobac.a few more days till tht sweet feeling bt right now ain't bad! 2;^&gt;
vegas has everything except a hotel window you can open.not gonna lie,being forced to breath super dry central air freaks me out a bit. ;^\
catholic reg thnks i hate church folks.not true!i don't hate any1.i hate whn ppl who have sex with kids tell us what sex should be. ;^&gt;+.
shoulda said i wanna c if i cn throw a rck wthout hitting an acrobat frm cirque du soleil.sorry.i ws distracted by a wild pck of showgirls.
there is no jim carrey! there never was! 
yours truly,
banksy   2b^&gt;
simply #boing ;^)
speak to god directly! #themiddlemanispopeless &lt;;^}+
@jacethibault hello, prairie pal! 2;^&gt;
@schristie6 something
@sassygirl5896 i'll take that love and send it back with interest, lori! ;^d
@_be_love_ yeah, you can forgive charles manson but you still have to prevent him from hurting innocent people. ;^)
@tafollaadriana sorry. the church has a cancer. not my fault. ;^\
@kalyanamita thx connie! ;^}
@sander_punk hi there! ;^}
goin' to elton's party. great cause! wearing the perfect outfit to express my awkward spiritual journey. ;^}
@imverylazy tell it, shavon! =8^
@ilybby333 i love you too! ;^}
@nutsiko_o do great! ;^]
@iceychoclate sure that's not your momma? ;^
@chancenichols67 just a bad exec decision. ;^&gt;
@jhaarboy you have every right to be unhappy, so do i but it's still a choice. ;^}
@sleepcoffesleep michael jackson was a millionaire. i promise you , that's not the answer. ;^)
@asta64  #partysizesubmarinesandwich =;^
no wheat dairy sugar coffee soda drugs alcohol or tbco day 3.i feel a sense of balance n faireness.i hate everything n every1 equally. ;^\
heaven is right here and now anytime you want to find it. no search engine required! 
~b^&gt;
@olliebridge no. but i have ;^}
sometimes it's like tweeting to the bwind! why do i even twy. ~b^{
@luiza_bigeye hmm... intwesting! 
~8^&gt;
@mrjoegooch  it's #twanscendental
~8^
it doesn't matter. ;^)
@rj_redneckjedi good luck with your illusion of superiority, rj. you need that when your mom and dad are first cousins. ;^p
@rayssacampoos you're really hot! i love the way your breast compliment your wedding ring! danger! danger! pull up! pull up! close one! 2;^
@nikywaint hi niky. 2;^]
@weyssss 2:^
@sarahmj_ welcome 2 1 day! 28^
@missmoonwalkerr hi ;^)
@markie4tv the tramp in a modern context.glad you like it.  ;^}
@serenadexshayla i don't know. i'll ask chris rock, when i see'em! ;^p
@jewelsgolden1 just weather. it'll pass. ;^}
@andy_jedimaster yes, i think i did! 
=8^)
@sandibennett3 the church hs always used fear 2 coral as many paying followers as possiblei.if you stray,no presents from santa. &lt;[];^}}
@eva_araujo if it's real, vip section! 
 ;^}
@rachelroberts3 cheers uk friend! 
;^}
@notesy7 good luck in all your future tax audits. i wish you many.  ;^)
@notesy7 i have always been one in my mind. ;^j
@gavinmacdougall hi gavin. you did good work. b well!   ;^j
@cullen_cosco nonsence. ;^}
@jay_bopp couldn't ask for a better one. ;^]
@thesaidabdi the only devil that exists is the one inside your mind when you wish me that. #yfear ;^}
@thesaidabdi i don't think so. but i may. that's ok ;^}
the world is beautiful. don't forget to look up now and then. ;^)
sorry, i meant to spell, geniasss!
 %^p
@plumbum821 loooozer. i know that's spelled wrong but i think yew gettt mie meeening. ;^]
mayor and lapd r now looking for legal loopholes so they can welch on million dollar reward for dorner. ppl may not help them next time. ;^\
@reevarcoe there are real thoughts in there ree. look closer. try harder. wakey wakey! ;^p
hahahaha!! wow, that's a good one! bottom line?    #yfear    ;^)
here's what i find funny.ppl fear that if an asteroid hits us every1 will die but if an asteroid never hits us,every1 will die!get it?!  ;^p
to those who r in love, happy valentines day! to those who don't have that special someone, happy wish i was dead day!  ;^p
state of the union. america has become the biggest gun club in the world and every single day now we are seeing that karma played out.  ;^\
@janiellano janie!!!!!
goin'to walmart today to see if i can buy myself a drone. i just won't feel safe until i have that kind of fire power! ;^p
@rovibe71 you are misrepresenting me on both counts. wake up and pay attention, donkey boy.  8^p
cardinal mahoney has been released of his duties for protecting child molesters.oh and he has to say 5 our fathers and 3 hail mary's. 8^p&gt;+
noise
i hope the end of the myan calender is at least an end to the selfishness that puts assault rifles into the hands of dangerous ppl. enough!
archeologists are now saying that the visit of the 3 magi to baby jesus did happen but that the myrrh may have been a regift! o&lt;[];^p
where's my phone? has anyone seen my phone? oh... i'm tweeting on it! nevermind! ;^}
lots of good ppl suffering difficult losses on the east coast. my heart goes out to them. ;^\
i'm sick of new apple icrap! gee, ihope the new ipad isn't so thin that my finger breaks through when iwipe my apple owned ass with it!  8^q
i'm watching the debates to see if romneys face finally cracks off from trying 2 keep the fake ingratiating smile on it.he scares me so! 8^]
big surprise, kate middleton has breasts! my sympathy to the photographers mother. if only abortion were retroactive. ;^\
goodmornoonevening world!dogs r manic today.wonder if there's gonna b an earthquake.they're like primitive richter scales.we'll see. ;^
clint.i love u and i disagree.u can't blame obama 4 wreckage caused by bush when gop made obstructing his progress 'their only concern'. ;^)
no semi auto guns!every 2 wks now, another mass shooting.america allowing this behavior is beneath us!revise the second ammendment. 
;^\
@seanhvac24 "love your enemies.turn the other cheek." those aren't my words, sean.i'm just a clown with a stupid red nose.remember? ~;o)
@freekwincy terrible situation. wonder what guandi would do. ;^}
#goodmornoonevening world! i feel really good today. had a little #boing for breakfast. want some? careful, it may cause enthusiasm.  ;^p
@sandradee8478 most ppl don't have guns in england. are they not realistic? enjoy your mayhem, sandra.
my favorite part of the turkey is the jive. happy thanksgiving! ?8^)
while shooting manonthemoon,tony clifton was beloved by all who could stand the smell of limburger cheese. ?;^p
i'm makin' a few long range plans just in case the myan calender ends on dec 21, 2012 and we're all still here. that sh*t could happen! ?b^
there's a time for every purpose under heaven. a time to laugh a time to cry a time to stop shaving and eat potato chips. ?b^
@tweedles3 no you are! ?;^p
goodmornoonevening world and welcome to the game of 'enlightenment' (applause) where contestants move on to higher l...
wisdom is quietly speaking 2 u, through everything u see. if you're getting high u may avoid some pain bt you're missing the real show. ?;^]
if future historians look bck 2 the blogs of our day 4 reference material it'll be a piss poor account of who we r. or is that who we r ?;^\
can i get some #boing out there?! ?b^@
you've all been so sweet. i'm a very lucky man! #spankyoukindly ?;^}
you've hrd me talk abt #boing. many of u ask wht it means bt i'm interested in wht u thnk. so, if u don't mind me asking, wtf is #boing ?;^)
be careful. when u send pics or art on yfrog i believe yfrog then owns all rights and are free to sell them for profit. i use 'whosay' ?b^j
@l1nd4_l1verp00l maybe! ?b^&gt;
@janerobsonart good havin ya. #spankyoukindly ?;^]
?;^\ new yorkers have a tough rep bt the fct tht so many of'em live so close wthout bashing each other over the head amazes me.way 2 b nyc!
the jury is in! people think i'm funny and original and they want me to have more stuff! well, the first two parts a...
@yourunholyness mom, is that you?;^\
@jarvisbrown86 so tru jarvis! ?;^]
@hellen_italia i love italy! ciao bella!   ?b^)
@955wpljradio #boing scott and todd and #spankyoukindly. visit me at www.jimcarreytrulife.com and fill your #jimshapedholes ?;^
ffc ?b^)
the meaning of life is 2 love yourself completely,free yourself and others frm guilt and become totally visible no matter wht the risk. ?;^)
@amberbaran6 i have it quite a bit except when i don't. ;^
@davhoon nice to meet u 2
@baronblitz then get in the time machine and go back... but keep it runnin'! ;^&gt;
was it the environment? mm mm
what was i saying?
@sqne i love you too. very much. ;^)
@rebeccaclaire76 until you fully recover you should have the word 'should' removed. much love and light. ?;^&gt;
@teknomentalist i dreamed my mom locked me in a triangular suitcase then died n ws buried holding the key. i woke up n started digging. ;^
i must be happy cuz the last thing i wanna do is smile. ?b^)
@christinafurche it's only u who's against u. forgive yourself. let go of your guilt. i bet you're a sweet person. that's enough. ;^)
@shiftingpersona #spankyoukindly ;^}
@jayckaann 4 real? wow! ;^
@marisablake my favorite movie character 2 play is always the next one i do. ;^&gt;
@brianburkebrian show off. ;^)
ted neeley played jesus in the movie jesus christ superstar directed by norman jewison, f*cking mental giants! correctacons! }8^p
listen 2 'lazy' n 'highway star' frm deep purple's 'machine head' album and accept ted neeley as your musical savior. {;^&gt;+
whn i wrote 'ba ba da ba' btwn courses at 'the little door' resturant, we were no longer in la. we were in oo la la!
are u ready? what i'm about to tweet is definitely no joke.
let me fill your #jimshapedhole at www.jimcarreytrulife.com ?;^p
the nxt twt is great spiritual advice, with some humor sprinkled gingerly on top.
my avatar is the eye in a self-portait called 'what have you done?' an unavoidable question u ask yrslf when u take any creative risk. ?;^p
i hope everyone on the east coast is safe and sound during the hurricane. much love. ;^)
last 2 tweets were jokes btw
@maibrazi #spankyoukindly ;^]
@reneeolsen85 yer sweet. how old are you, kidding! ;^]
have i entered the enviable realm of the misunderstood?%^&gt;
people often ask me if i'm being funny or serious. the answer is "yes". 
?;^]
jim carrey's message to emma stone
i love myself and i hate myself but god is the deciding vote. majority rules. love wins!
you can only have what you think you deserve in life. a clean conscience is important. guilt is anti-#boing  ;^p
i'm not saying twtr's bad but one should take a breath before they type. i want what i say here 2 b truth with clarity and charity. ?;^]
@joe_philpott #spankyoukindly {b^
@_itsdean i love brazil! }:^&gt;
good luck comes when you're feeling free from guilt. ?;^}
self-love and contentment cannot exist where there is guilt, so forgive yourself. yeah you! ?;^p
@aly25  wonderful aly! ?;^&gt;
@paulaafernandaa i love brazil right back! ?;^}
the andes! ;^
@mukhtarzamo i love you too! ;^&gt;
@giulliefernande that's wonderful. i got to be with many affectionate people today. give her my love. ;^}
@acwzywabit i'm in ny because i heard they need another crazy person walkin' around. %^
someday all that's left is the people you love. have a happy father's day everyone. ;^)
@natalievana be maple leave it! ;^&gt;
suddenly he knew nothing and there was nothing he needed to know. he was back in the garden, needles in the universe...
@ukcatmann55777 #spankyoukindly buddy! ;^&gt;
@lucasjabur no u r ;^]
@stooby5 uber#boing ;^
@wenglishpaul yes this is the real jim carrey. is this the real paul scanlon? ;^p
@laurencemarkham ?b^
@leggomagreggo you win absolutely nothing. but you're taller than the cn tower in my esteem  8^
@slinky710 maybe it's angels after all! go local 40! ;^
if by apocalypse they meant sunny and warm with a high of 73 degrees, then they were right, this is the end!!!  %^o
it's time 4 a quiet flight my friends. until we speak again, may the sun hear u singing and your dark streets be lit...
@chameleon_pie #spankyoukindly pretty lady. ;^)
spent the day wth my good frnd matt and his pals at the devereaux glenholme school in conneticut. it ws more #boing ...
@rachael_ray #spankyoukindly rayray. may your fridge always be full!   ?;^}
i got your batman, right here!!!  (8)^p
i've created a non lethal gun 4 law enforcement. i call it the 'foggit' bcuz it causes loss of memory and mental...u...
@jluvin79  buddah was #boing itself ;^)
i love your #boing! ~8^}
i make fun of paparazzi(cyclops)cuz they sometimes coz me discomfort bt i love'em as mch as i love any1 else on #thebigblueball.#boing [o]^&gt;
@ghostlygunner #spankyoukindly ;^&gt;
@coerciveaxe26 later! ;^&gt;
yesterday i tried to take a pic of the paparazzi that i have inherited here in ny but i left the lens cap on. guess ...
@axis1967 nothing deeper
i believe in #boing!!!!!!!!!!  ~8^&gt;
...why we'll never stop laughing!
#boing is ;^&gt;
@telbaker you tell me! ;^
@whineaway rise up and let your #boing be heard angel! ;^&gt;
@eddicito #boing eddie! ;^
@pickles874 #boing pickles! ;^)
@nuddjelson nobody can make you sad but you.  embrace your #boing ;^&gt;
@louisewalkley if you try to explain #boing it disappears! ;^)
@tracyhilton79 fear is a yawn ?;^o)
@litteacher76 #boing to the whole class then!  ?;^&gt;
@nebula_blazer #boing australia! ;^0
@fredrikbhaugan you're important to me too, fredrik! can i get a #boing? ;^)
@alvard le#boing {b^&gt;
@_edgeimagery yo brisbane! #boing {b^&gt;
your #boing is unbelievable!!! 8^]
@derrekbgn #boing nova scotia! ;^&gt;
@upthedarlo cheers! ?;^}
take a load off lady liberty. smoke'em if ya got'em!  ?b^&gt;
@helenmacpherson rt of course i love the uk! it's like a box of chocolates filled with #boing deeeelicious! cheers ?;^b
@harringtonian hilllllarious! ;^d
@owen__then no. i believe he's dead. if they were faking it they wouldn't be leaving crashed 'stealth helicopters'. ;^\
@kk05533 #spankyoukindly {b^&gt;~
@mistervizard yes. i love you! you are my friends! ;^)
correction. buried at 'sea', rather.
roaming the streets of nyc tonight, a little melancholic. you know, the kind of lonesome that feels necessary becaus...
@scott_james77 is your name 'v' by any chance?  {b^&gt;
@bigjohnmcveigh good lookin too! ;^&gt;
@acipatlic4n piss off
@remusiklupin hi there! =8^&gt;
@rachel__lambert everything you want is waiting in escrow for you to believe you already have it. ;^)
@blondie9x #boing blondie! {b^&gt;~
@alexbluses hi! ;^&gt;
@greenbergmusic jane is my daughter but thanks 4 the compliment! ;^&gt;
there is no high that can beet my #boing! =8^&lt;;
@lea27998 hello! ?;^]
my appearance in "funny or die's presidential reunion" is up for webby award! vote for me if it moves u or behooves u!(webby.aol.com) =;^p
@emilykm sing it! {b^o)
"they come to build a wall between us. you know they won't win!" crowded house #boing =;^o&lt;;
@kristad24 hello krista. =;^}
@princesshulia i'm sure it will be hard to miss. love from the americas!
{];^&gt;
goodmornoonevening world! last night i dreamed that william and kate eloped and all the vendors wept!  ?;^\
sydney lumet the mystro behind several of the greatest movies ever made, including my fave 'network', has passed on! he was a treasure! ;^)
i am a paintbrush. 
@josepenajr google burton goldberg. order dvd of 'curing depression'
@finnhenning hi norway! {b^&gt;~
@robertunkle i said "in faith" not in libraries. shhhhh, people are actually reading the tweets. ;^)
@jimfo it is when you know what the result will be
@c_riv mhm ;^]
@thelilradish xo
mmmmm... it's heaven waking up beside you! let's just call in sick and make love all day...after we brush our teeth of course!  ?;^b)
@krisnamezza wonderful thankyou
@pauletapple i live on earth
@oli_kolbas super talented guy
the image of myself on my homepage is slowly growing a dark beard. asalamalakum! ?;^)}}}
thank you blake edwards for making us laugh hard! you were just what we all needed. ?:^)
i'm thankful 4 the love of my family 
and 2 the native americans who invited us 4 dinner and let us take their stuff! happy spanksgivin! ;^
?=^b}
@look4pro beautiful child. ;^)
#wisrn =;^]~ a glimpse of my bold new reality
goodmornoonevening world! this is #wisrn =b^&gt; 
@adamfredie #boing ;^&gt;
@dafni_ma you're very pretty dafni. ;^)
shot we just did on 'mr. poppers penguins'. "wow" was all i could say! good thing cam's on back of my head!  ?;^q
#wisrn =8^)
just vitamins. "go ask alice when she's ten feet tall!" }%^&gt;
#wisrn ;^} that's academy award winning make-up man billy corso playing with david schwimmer's face on photo shop
watchin' a man in the park bouncing a soccer ball to his son! #boing ;^)
@neonellie ?;^}
@cwltms have some of mine! #boing 8^p
@scorpionsting77 happy#boingday! ~%^&gt;
@cherishbloom 8^
@rob_canning_78 #boing is about bouncin' this big blue ball around, rob!  %^}
#wisrn ?;^o}
@keemorn good 1 ;^)
#wisrn (what i see right now) 8^&gt;
@herocake order me some fries! i'll be right over! {8^b]
@angelkiss555 s'nice! }^]
@sethevans you get the other two, i'm there! %^&gt;
#wisrn ;^&gt;
everyone drop and give me twenty! and i want pictures, maggots!  [ }:^o]
s'brooklyn bitch! };^/
#wisrn 8^}
what i see right now. ;^/
been to jimcarrey.com lately? see if you can find the hit musical all of broadway is talking about, "nail that snail!" s'neat! ?;^j
build a better universe! www.betterufoundation.org sustainable and transformational ideas that help people empower themselves. ?;^j
come see my friend judd's benefit! see garry shandling, hear randy newman, take a whiz w/ @azizansari! oct 29 in la. tix @ 826la.org
friday night in nyc. a giant aching mass of  impulse and apatite speeding toward the dawn again! you're a wild one!
i want to send a big shout of joy to the chilean miners and their families! que el resto de sus vidas seran bendecidas! o;^)
hope walks through the fire but faith leaps over it. i prefer the latter. what i want already is! ssssssss'done! ?;^&gt;
#boing! 8^ &lt;---zombie emoticon!
okay! we did our dirt! now we'll see what grows! 8^ www.betterufoundation.org
did you know that i'm speaking on a panel with the us secretary of agriculture about growing rice at the clinton global initiative on 9/22?
where has all this #boing gotten u jim and what have u done to that painting?  {b^j
@brand7xx i once was lost but now i'm #boing ;^
any #boing of yours is a #boing of mine! {b^)
gonna show the paintings on jimcarrey.com soon as i can with my own little making of films. sss'gonna be good! {b^j
#boing world! every single thing seen and unseen is you, don't shoot! ;^o
@yerracmij no u are! #boing {b^j
@kathy_omfg your chili is inspiring! now you'll #boing from both ends! ;^&gt;
@ginam117 spank you kindly gina! ;^&gt;
@1_wave no i don't, but then again... (emerson a few seconds later)
wow...i get so excited when u show me your #boing ! i believe that fate is kind 2 a childlike heart! ye who has #boing will be blessed! ;^d
@wickdaman merlin would be proud of your #boing!   }:^j
@adore_mj #boing 8^j
@kinzebee your first and second toe must spend a lot of time together. it's best if they have something in common. ;^&gt;
#boing #boing we can bounce this big blue ball?!  %^&gt;
#boing 
;^) 
;^) 
;^) 
@_berenike so glad u like it! long may u #boing ;^)
@deakula rt i couldn't have said it better myself! 8^o^8
@ozone503 that's right i just made that up. 'couldn't mike a dime' and you wanna use it! you know you do! {b^j
it's odd when u catch a glimpse of your #boing in a fun house mirror but u can't enter a fun house without it! %^&gt;
to those who r thrilled about being able to make me follow them, congratulations,you get the golden yawn award, 4 valuable time wasted. ;^q
$;^({})3 &lt;--hot mom with fake boobs, big lips and an expensive hair dew!
@oneinamelia and broken ;^&gt;
@tru_enygma i really didn't know the pic would go out but you helped everyone feel good! it was meant to be! your loved! ;^&gt;
@tru_enygma it's not the rest of the world. we're all you anne. ;^)
there is no one better than you in this world! every1 is broken! don't worry!
@dboy_24_7 u first. what do you think #boing means? ;^)
@patrickmcdaniel way to #boing! %^&gt;
4ever #boing world! ~8^}
@nowthatsamatt "let's shoot pple to the moon on a rocket!" a lot of wonderful ideas sound insane! ;^)
@kirahutchens i want to know myself completely. yes ;^)
@pinkys_mama don't play hard to #boing! %^&gt;
@eplusjo betty has #boing! {b^)
@ulistenin no1 is alone! ;^)
i know that i will never belong 2 any1 because i am meant 2 shine within and upon every face i meet! i am #boing and i am free 2 shine! %^d
happy mothers day 2 my daughter jane, her mom,jenny and all the soft sweet cuddly cozy beings of life giving light!we owe u everything! ;^)
@makkapekka hearts on beaches get swept away to quick! %^]
@dazza246. #boing is the energy that inspires! the feeling you have as you read this is #boing. bounce it back! %^&gt;
@kevinquillen that made me laugh! %^&gt;
three days ago i watched someone buy a picasso at christies here in ny for 106.5 million. i wonder what it's worth today! %^
@kitty_b_good #boing believes in u! ~8^}=;
sorry forgot to send the pic. here it is! 
the #boing apple! ssss'beautiful!!! %^&gt;
@stefberry everything needs to be touched!! #boing ;^)
#boing world! it has begun. the painting that 8 my living room,has begun! i'm going to be possessed by it now until it's finished! {b^&gt;
here's e and me. 
you guys are as confused as i am! hahaha!!! have you lost your #boing?!  =%^(b)
croquet is what i meant but i do enjoy knitting! may i crochet you all a #boing, or is that wrong too? screw it! ~%^[=;
gotta #boing guys!said 'yes' 2 crochet 2day!i knocked my cousin's teeth out with 1 of those mallets 38yrs ago.he stood right behind me! %^q
@thinkzebrasinc love and joy are not ridiculous! i wish you #boing %^&gt;
@samlove23 i am the wall, the floor the ceiling and all contained there in, sam! u 2 #boing ;^j
@morphicdreams i need my #boing but you can see it in the movies! ~8^}
@bortology maybe you just so fake you don't recognize normal. #boing snap! ;^p
@icravemorehead thank you fine brown! {b^j
@revvmaster carmen had #boing. i love you too! ~8^}=;
@gauthamag23 # boing then! ;^&gt;
@digidot preeshee8 your #boing ~8^}=;
@sandrayala so glad to make you #boing sandra! ~8^}=;
@dustinevans1 #boing by the way! %^p
@inalundekvam quantitatively, #boing is infinite! ~8^}=;
@anty1sawesome ~8^}=; happy #boing day paul!
@adrienedrica it's on itunes. much #boing to you! ~8^}=;
that's right. i spelled my own name wrong. i meant gymkareeee.com! can someone spell check that! {b^/
@robertabyrne1 we are. thx ;^)
@joeygj4g i was honest about how i feel. ;^)
start my enormous painting tomorrow!recording it in stop frame photography so u guys can watch all the #boing in mins on jimcarrey.com =%^}
@modelsupplies you got it. thanks for bouncin' it to me! you #boing {b^&gt;
@centralasian13 you're not stupid. it'll come to you, and when it does, #boing ;^&gt;
@juhotunkelo #boing then jedi knight! }^&gt;
how many prescription btls do your kids see in your house? r they all necessary? r u the anti#boing?!it's what we live,not what we say! {b^&gt;
@niellemc definition is the enemy of #boing {b^&gt;
@ravencroft82 maybe not and maybe drug companies shouldn't be allowed to advertise on tv. like cigarette companies. {b^&gt;
@silvia_de no i mean drug commercials and the fifty prescription bottles most people have in their house or their purse now. ;^)
@sofflowers in the world! you promised! #boing %^j
shew! that was amazing! just let me sit here 4 a second...catch my breath! #boing oops...one more little one.wow!u guys are incredible! {b^o
do you wanna? {b^&gt;
...the narrow vision of a cyclops can perceive no depth. if any1 wants to cover one eye they can view the world as the cyclops do...cont--&gt;
the truth is i'm an intuitive,creative,and spiritual person.i'm healthier,smarter,and yes much more sane than u who say i'm crazy.cont--&gt;
@jeremylg007 things have never been better jeremy. really! i am my fully creative and authentic self. happiest i've ever been! #boing ;^)
#boing follows it's own path and doesn't try to be pleasing from everyone's point of view! ~b^]&gt;
@carolmemartin #boing carol! ;^&gt;
#boing looks forward to the next face it meets! 8^]
#boing doesn't hide itself as if it can be stolen or have it's luster taken by others!cause #boing begets #boing ;^j ;^j ;^j ;^j ;^j ;^p
@willproberts i saw that exhibit. never noticed a stain! but the #boing definitely happened on the third floor. wow! ;^&gt;
#boing is showing at the louvre! ;^{}
#boing wants everyone to win! :^o
#boing wrote the poetry! {b^p
#boing laughs it off! 8^d
#boing stands up for itself! %^)
@aaaaanju happy #boing day! &lt;%^p
@vivaveronica122 something in the way she #boings ;^p
@map562 spank you kindly! ;^) and #boing
...and in the end, the #boing you take is equal to the #booooing you make!   {8^i   ]^-   }^j    {^p
when armstrong walked on the moon, did he cry cause there was no gravity?! no! he took 1 small #boing for man! 1 giant #boing 4 mankind! :^&gt;
@jblanchett spank you kindly j. to the summit! #boing ;^)
... (barely audible whisper) #boing! gasp and sickening thud... \+^
@sarahjawg #boing
@twetches #boing
@akcharger #boing
@rmele09 #boing
@fillup18 #boing
@alexraz #boing
@mrdillonjsmith #boing
@tammiii_lee #boing
@brodiephillips #boing
what does it spell?!!!! {b^o
gggggggggggggggggg %^
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb  ;^]
you know you want to! you can try to stop it sooner or later your bound to #boing %^p
celebrate good #boing come on... and celebrate! {b^o
@the_gun_seller #boing hungary #boing %^d
@bushman80 i bet they're proud of you, dad! you #boing ;^j
@ronyamaya #boing! thanks for your help. i'm new here! ;^)
@michelleandis nuzzzzzlllle! ;^)
@cmaxey boing cindy, cindy, boing, cindy, cindy, boing! %^&gt;
@lemetatron rt  may the boing be with you! %^]
@michaelwhoward i saw the superman costume go right to youtube called my wardrobe guys david and kelly. they made two new costumes fast. :^)
@studders86 hull knows how to boing!!! {b^&gt;
@eefeh oh no you di int! yo mama so boing she gotta boing just to get her boing in! snap! ;^
@sandyredden when you get knocked over boing and you're up again!!! ;^&gt;
@6hakushaku9 boing then! pass it, quick!!! ;^o
@nafshiyah my coolaid brings all the boing to the yard and their life is better than yours! i could teach you, but i'd have to charge! {b^&gt;
@lil_john2k you can't play with that gun in your hand. change your picture. change your future. change the world. ;^)
@traceybaby feels good to pass the ball. look, ireland is wide open! boing!!! ;^o
@mswettaldatyme it's a ball of love like the one called earth!boing boing!can you bounce that big blue ball?! boing boing!!!! 8^j
loved doin' concert with conan!so many faces wide open like kids!the world was new and worry forgotten by all of us! that's was boing!!! ;^)
boing is the sound a big ball of love makes when you bounce it to another player! 8^]
@jadelletaylor boing is what happens when you let it go! ;^&gt;
self portrait.my leaves gather lots of light but most of me still lives underground!i'll 'boing' show u 1 day.{b^&gt;
that was fun! spank u kindly, for bouncin' that around, world! i guess the 'earth' is just a big blue ball after all! boooiiinnnggg!!! ;^j
@lorcsbyrne ooh... caught that one in the nads! gonna have a tummy ache! boing!!! }^o
@summerwine888 i can't believe i got that ricochet rabbit! now you will paaaaayyyy!!! bing bang boom bammm, boooooiiiiiinnnggg!!! %^o
@hotarubiq boooooooooooooooooooooooiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnngggggg!!!! %^o
@democracyhurts nope, i ducked! boing!!!! ;^&gt;
@jtycarr i'll pay for it! boing!!! %^o
@open_ruimte wow, that just missed my head! boing!!! ;^)
there's only one word that can describe my life and that word is boing!!! anybody wanna bounce that back to me?! ;^)
good morning los angeles! sweet dreams tokyo! enjoy your lunch ottawa! {b^&gt;
@chrissullivan85 if i ever encountered an alien i'd sick my chupacabra on'em! ;^)
@segasagexx we'd be the king and queen, for sure! ;^)
@cupita_linda ;^)
@nicxjustice richard e. grant lays it down! ;^)
@zyemorphusphere 4 5683 968 866! {b^&gt;
@ollbit don't be crazy. be smart! ;^)
@pifouneei it's love ;^)
@noalterego don't let me make you feel guilty. have another toke! ;^p
@gil_bar_on hey friend. i'm with ya! ;^)
@michellemcale there's the door michelle! ;^)
because i'm free thinking,some wonder if i'm stoned, but drugs though fun at times, have always brought my creativity 2 a grinding halt! %^}
creation is a garden of ice sculptures,a zillion different forms,all made of the same sh*t!i'm u talkin' 2 yourself!there's only 1 of us ;^o
@shane0515 i'm rooting for the zamboni driver! without him there are no playoffs! ;^p
there are no two things! ;^)
@ndemanbey yep. skated to the store once a year after the freezing rain. &lt;|b^&gt;
if i don't come back, tell seinfeld i know where the other sock goes! 
@alienbecka rt heaven is the feeling of being everything and everyone in this present moment! hell is when ego makes me feel separate! ;^&gt;
@myrobotdinosaur i am fantastic my friend! i wish you the same!  ;^&gt;
heaven ;^)
heaven {b^&gt;
kingdom
@tine_b hi christine! b well ;^)
the
but i'm just a comic! what do i know! ;^p
@marubarker ...said the spider to the fly! {b^&gt;
@mikala2013 better than. ;^)
@mireillebacou haven't considered the soundtrack yet but i loved vaughn's music choices. especially the use of elvis song in climax! ;^)
@blindcripple cable guy. abandonment. funny movie. big issue. all of us are the cable guy. ;^)
@eplusjo he's eccentric. so what! ;^)
@bearzie 968 866 ;^)
@samanthafox8312 that's a great accomplishment. way 2 go! ;^)
i met a nice girl with a phd and a dimple in her chin.both made an impression.we might get a coffee.which means i'm still alive,i guess. ;^)
i value people's love and kindness but lately it's been great to have so many be so mad at me. proves that i've become more authentic.--&gt;
@miriamg1987 ;^)
@sandwitch88 sss'what it's 4! ;^)
@spleensplitter are you telling me to invest wisely. preeshee8 it. {b^&gt;
@tommyro i'm a silly rabbit. &gt;:^)
@shellzb285 spank you kindly. preeshee8 it! ;^)
@bobsterroberts love this. 4 5683 968 255 {b^&gt;
@springvilleland only the ones that interest them. ;^)
@arigirl preeshee8 that, so much! thanks 4 not trying to control! 4 5683 968 ;^)
@hilda_vidal1977 i'll wish you well, but i only bark and chase cats when the feeling moves me.  ;^)
when a dog does tricks 4 fun, the bicuits 'will' come!!!  }:&lt;
@emsuriel everyone is my friend and family! some happy some sad some full of it and some plain annoying. bring it! tiger is not himself  ;^)
@ladyshoodjnl  i have never apologized for anything. that apology exist only in wishful thinking of of your sorry ass! ;^)
@sunyasyreeta actually living in our car was preferable to doing a job that we hated. we made a conscious choice to be homeless! ;^}
@alexkyte13 u 'ssslice' me 2 the core.i'm 'sssinged'!seriously though,labeling some1 onomatopoeic can b a way we 'clip' their feathers! ;^
4 5683 968 255! 4663 64448 ;^)
@stereovsmono 4 5683 968 ;^)
@chiharukanda 4 5683 968 ;^)
@kristinaaaaaa 4 5683 968 ;^)
that's all i guess. ;^)
understanding abandonment, self-abandonment and learning how to overcome them is the only work that needs to be done. one more time! ;^p
@tailors4tinkers it's a graveyard man, i dig it! please don't hurt me! kiddin' ;^)
buena de los angeles por la manana!levantes y baile con la musica!lo siento mi telefono no puede hacer detalles acento.aeeyayahh!! ]%^&gt;e&lt;;
@joeduck my number 1! ;^)
@daisywooks spankyou kindly, daisy! ;^)
@jeffreylramsey i feel for ya man.lotta folks in that spot.happened to my dad when i was 12.i got really mad, then i started dreaming! ;^)
@potniatheron spankyou 4 that! ;^)
c n end 2 ignorance!unless your paying attention 2 the peaceful spaces around the paper,tv or computer screen,you're not fully informed! ;^)
@swaggahmole your last sentence quaulifies u to be downloaded into my mental fantasy file! spankyou for your entry! ;^
@annspade wrong
@stacistacked they can hide in tiny spaces. be careful! ;^)
@rrosaa6 good morning, rrrrosa! ;^)
being scolded by a gossip show for talking about people's personal lives is like a turd saying ya smell bad! no offense to actual turds! ;^\
@ella_hall picture it, smell it,taste it on your tongue,hear the lightening and twitter me when it happens! that's what a rain dance is! ;^)
@mezzanine246 we're used 2 self abandonment laura.being some1 we hope will pass.we label honest people crazy so we can keep up our act. ;^#
@ray_symone i'm glad to hear it! b well! ;^)
@kimberleyjohnso disagree! better than tv! ;^)
@truthismyname rt that's a great movie title! 'insomniac bastard' he won't sleep until he finds his real daddy! %^o daaaddy!! oh daaaddy!!!
@kimkoster preeshee8 that kim! ;^&gt;
@natymimi no you are! no you are! ;^&gt;
@chickie3737 don't ever say that! 'you are achieving it! it is happening!' that's the language! then dare to believe, it or stop now! };^]
@10_kweezy {b^&gt;
and immeasurable happiness. now, i'm going to re-enter the twitter stream and see if there is anyone left to offend!  #b^&gt;
@summerataxia that pretty neat summer. didn't robert taylor look like robin williams father?! {b^&gt;
just sang wth slash at cozy's in the valley.no idea what i sounded like.couldn't hear myself,but the energy was jammazing!i'm spankful! {b^&gt;
today i'm wishing 'great gobbs of goodness' to all those who would dare to love themselves! go ahead! i dare ya!!! ;^p
@eyeslam salam i like'em! i assure you, this emoticon is not muhammad!----&gt; ;^)
some folks out there are worried that i stay up too late but their fundamental mistake is in assuming that i haven't moved to fiji! |^snore
...i have freed truman,at long last!i am now free 2 be my whole self,which includes a somewhat contemplative nature,a yen 4 sociology---&gt;
flowers don't worry about how they're going to bloom.they just open up, and turn toward the light and that makes them beautiful  ;^)
...then i was sexually assaulted by ben roethlisberger! i can't be certain but it sure looked like him! good thing i'm a steelers fan! ;^b
so, you guys probably don't feel like  talkin' about sandra bullock, right? i'm kidding! jeeeze! i'm a little on edge.cut me some slack! ;^)
@daisywooks ;^)
@caitlinconstan it's yourself you're feeling 4. b well ;^)
@eyssogreen that's a cop out gail. no woman just stays at home with the kids anymore. tiger was wrong and elin was ignoring the obvious ;^)
@zankyoudarling we must all eventually leave the world our parents want for us behind! ;^)
@ritchiewoman hey, you and your husband might make good role models 4 your kids. just a thought. ;^)
@sgn013 they are! especially the need to respect themselves! ;^)
@beauberman i don't like it! sss'gross! ;^&lt;
@tomalexwhitham  if the letter space was longer i'd never shut up! ;^)
@sceptik did someone pressure you to be perfect, tom? that happens a lot! ?;^p
@timeline_x 'clash of the titans' dude! ?;^/
alright...who released the krakin?how about krakin a window! damn!!!  }8{} &lt;--- actual krakin.
@iamjoeking s'nice! ?;^&gt;
i'm leavin' the stream 4 a few days folks! i'll see ya when i see ya! spankyou kindly! ?;^&gt;
doc,i'm haunted by chocolate bunnies!every yr i give sweets up for lent, but then easter comes and i have to feed again!what's up doc?&gt;;p
@mustangmel1986 parents couldn't teach you. too busy abandoning themselves! ?;^&gt;
that was my sermon for easter'n'passover. go forth and show thyself 'a bisel' love, or 'gai in drerd arein'! your choice! ?;^&gt;
the biggest problem we have in the world is lack of self love. every cruelty comes from those who don't understand what they're worth! ?;^&gt;
i know this sounds weird but i lose sleep when i'm in a good mood! brain likes to play hopscotch! ?%^&gt;
without desperation human beings wouldn't do anything!we don't grow without suffering!that's what the story of easter means to me! ?;^)&gt;+
@bastard049 ?;^&gt;
@bennymitch cause i love ya like a brotha! ?;^&gt;
@mikeealyana pacquiao! paqcuiao! ?;^&gt;
@crispegamoide i love you too, cristobal! spankyou kindly. ?;^&gt;
@tertl what are you my mom? jeeze!  ?%^(
@bk2bimlove it is ci ci. hope you like it! ?%^&gt;
@thironechipin so did martin luther king ?%^&gt;
@idoitsgone spankyou kindly! ?%^&gt;
@fillippafkwit jolly well!! ?%^&gt;
at dinner once i asked steven hawking if he believed in ufos and he said "not until i saw one, fly out of your mouth and into my salad!" =^
@manu_dsilva okay! ;^)
@the_lammy i guess it's love then. ;^)
i think it was me who said, "boredom is for those who are afraid to masterbate." g'night folks! ;^)
@xjessxthexmessx hi jessy. i love ontariariario! thx for the shout out. ;^)
i think it was the dali lama who said,"after years of sitting meditation,few will attain enlightenment,but many will get a wicked rash!" ;^
@aniekpl i wanted you to say that! ;^)
@vjnaik89 ...and then never call! ;^)
imagine communication if the satellites fail."my cell phone's not working!""mine neither!""have we met?""no, i'm your neighbor."scary! 8^
@born20yrs2l8 ;^)
@rdy4eternity ;^)
255 968 6333 47 5683 ;^)
@jenniparrotti your obsessed with that stuff. let it go now. please! ;^)
@oheyitsnatalie i had to feed my mom actually. that's what makes kids funny. ;^)
i belong to an elite nonfighting force!we have no enemies!we take no prisoners and if anyone tries 2 take our stuff we just give it 2em! ;^&lt;
@omfgeek nice soldier! carrey on! ;^&lt;
@likoo1 sssssssshhhh! never awaken a sleep tweeter, unless you got coffee! 8^&gt;
@drpabloaravena hey doc. thanks for the love. i wish you and all of chile the very best! ;^)
@florentinemuray thx! glad you liked it. much love! ;^)
wow...it appears as if, despite the heartless and inept, something might actually get done in washington! gobama! gobama! gobama! ;^)
@eddicito 'network' is my favorite movie! see it! made in the 1970s. we're living it now. ;^)
@jeanpizcar hello! big huggs to you! ;^)
@mezzz you bet! ;^)
rt. love is the only reason 4 being! ;^) :-) =~} %^d
yeah. that's better!;^)
@outlaw13 preeshee8 it! reeeheeeheallly!!!;^)
@surfcat60 find a lump pal! ;^)
@californiala i like to make up my own slang. thx though... correctacon!!! ;^)
rt @harrisrules13: universities should start giving free premium soft toilet paper instead of that paper thin garbage
thanks fam "@stephencapps: @chelseavperetti @azizansari agreeing w aziz prob 80-85%
this video from @brentweinbach is the funniest thing i've seen in a while. can't urge you enough to watch:
hi i'm answering questions on @reddit_ama for the next hour or so. ask me stuff. here's a link:
had fun with my buddy grover at sesame street today.
@tiffanyjane666 done!
netflix debut on nov 1. the $5 download will be available on my site 6 months later. rt @alextrott will it be $5 again?
if you don't have a halloween costume, dress normally and say "i'm tim from rizzoli and isles!" no one will question it.
note: anyone unsure about seeing the stallone/arnold prison movie escape plan, @50cent plays a computer technician named hush.
la: held a few tickets at the door tonight for my work in progress show at largo. show is at 830.
.@houseofcards, season 2 episode idea: a rogue indian senator (aziz ansari) meets with frank for ribs at freddy's.
nyc: working on new material this saturday at 1015pm. tickets are $10. get em here:
#azizbreakingbad: todd teams up with walt to take down uncle jack. need someone really fast to run w/the ricin: enter smash williams.
hoping south carolina trending on twitter has to do with sports and not a racist/homophobic incident... #fingerscrossed #scpride
shit. didn't make it. #nexttime #keepyaheadupfollowers
uh ooooooohhhhhhhh!!!!
update 1: damn. that was delicious. #azizannualmcgriddlebite
yep. worldwide. nov 1st. "@caldoughty: @azizansari @netflix will this be in the uk too?"
i'm writing a book about modern romance. i think you'll enjoy it. more info here:
added a few new tour dates in michigan and ohio - get tickets at
los angeles: working on new jokes thursday at 830pm. $20. get tickets here:
holy shit. is craig david about to start trending on twitter because of this??
i want to dedicate this song to all my new followers:
@andyinglis promise, we working on it! and buried alive will be on vinyl too. sorry for the hold up.
when i tour again, yes. new tour show is 90% written. buried alive special out in fall. rt @rheycat will you be doing a show in atl soon?
@emmurica tnt knows drama!! amc is "something more."
update: just got fired cause i weigh 130 lbs, am not muscular, and have no knowledge of martial arts. #thatshollywoodyall
stockholm: we added another show monday at 8pm. get tickets here:
stockholm: we held a few tickets for tonight's show to buy at the door. sdra sllskapet. 8pm. come!
@fdenneche don't have time this trip
stockholm: trying out new material on 19/7 at 8pm. tickets here:
.@s_c_ are we really pushing our illuminati lunch meeting for you to do this twitter q and a?
since parks and scandal exist in the same universe (see previous tweets), i now want to believe olivia's mentor was donna meagle.
@grungejunkie385 shut up idiot. cheese stores are all over the country. don't try to make me sound elitist cause you don't know bout cheese
@chelseavperetti @hannibalburess haven't checked my phone, will do now.
.@funkmasterflex all these other djs is gravy and you sopping em up like biscuits flex!!
go see @kevinhart4real's standup concert film let me explain in theaters this weekend!
@eliothrrsn call venue and ask i dunno
watch bill burr be very funny on conan as he discusses paula deen:
@liazneimer you should check out sherry turkle's stuff about texting. her ted talk is great. #toolazytolinkitforyouthough
"aziz what are you doing!?" "sorry sir, just seeing how much color me badd money the dudes in color me badd still got...." #azizatthensa
@deanoarchibald i don't understand what you mean. we've received plenty of submissions so it works. can you be specific?
hey @questlove has a book out! i can't imagine this is anything but very dope:
@hamapollo can you take this down? these times are not right as far as i know. especially time length for my set and opener set.
wait @tyrese, gibsihana is a benihana style restaurant you built in your own backyard??
go see this is the end this weekend. it's fucking awesome!!!
nyc: some ppl who won lottery did not respond to confirmation emails. limited standby tickets at 43 bleecker st. go now! #sorryifirrellevant
nyc: i'm working on new jokes tomorrow at 7. get tickets at:
@m_blaase i'm not sure what you mean, i told em 2 tickets per person to minimize scalping.
@crenshaw_cody you're not good at math
@sandman8806 @subculture_nyc i might
nyc: sorry, announcement at 6, details being finalized...
god damn, this is very funny. @nathanfielder did another texting experiment:
here's part 1 of my jimmy fallon interview. i discuss dating and staying out til 4am:
london: ok my show at the hammersmith apollo on june 15th is finally on sale. get tickets here:
@georgezarick did 4 shows at constitution hall a few weeks ago
@that_jewfroguy i did! sony centre. where were u
@wonderwaage currently no, but i filmed this set as a special, so you could watch that when it comes out
london: i'm performing at the hammersmith apollo on 6/15. tickets on sale tomorrow at 9am:
houston: sorry, tickets are on sale now for my show on 5/30. go get em here:
houston: new tour date. 5/30 at bayou music center. tickets on sale tomorrow at noon:
vegas, phoenix, salt lake city: still some tickets available for my shows this weekend:
nashville: if you want to hear me work on some new jokes, come to third man records tonight. doors at 11. show at midnight. free!
riding back from boston with comedy's @toddbarry, if anyone has any questions for todd, hit me, i'll ask him and report back...
@blackvelvetini no, i don't take pics when i'm drinking. much different policy!
south asians - we need to step up bone marrow donation. help save lives by taking 5 secs to swab your cheek:
can anyone confirm the rumored daft punk show at the palm springs chuck e cheese? #coachella
@thisistheduke  did this show though cause so many people couldn't come to that small club
@realspaceman @comedycentral yeah "
my "oh brudder" improv made it into parks!  (cc @chelseavperetti, @davidcho, @southcackneez) #ohbrudder #ob2013
west virginia: shows in morgantown tonight. some
tix left for 930:
touring in some small towns soon. you know what that means. gi joe retaliation, you about to get watched.
@kristasmith @spencehord test screen, try to improve with each video, focus on making a good body of work, not views. but i dunno really!
@kristasmith @rbizzle83 bad cop. and the good cop is a cute lil puppy named peanut brittle.
@kristasmith @lukeleifeste "too tom. too furious."
ahh ok, i've quickly realized this is not helpful. nevermind twitterville. back to never reading your @ messages! hahahah!
@kfk5025 both
after the gas station episode, nathan for you is now my favorite comedy on tv. please watch this show:
can't wait to watch enlightened heard its so good. just been too busy to watch ---- oh fuck, what!? it's cancelled? damn hbo hold up a sec!
i've found 95% of the time when people say "aziz is a dick in real life" they've just run into a confused indian man with a beard.
@nardi_mike i did apollo, carnegie, and beacon twice. how did you miss all those sahn???
just heard director terence malick only takes dick pics during the magic hour.
i also made this marc vetri braised monkfish recipe recently that was amazing. really going niche here with these tweets. sorry.
new spring buried alive tour dates on sale: dc, richmond, cleveland, albany, minneapolis and more! go to
@nickmello1 @anthonyjeselnik @amyschumer good. two of my favorite comics. taping was fun.
is there any place to get martin's potato rolls in la? #onlyacceptableburgerbun
brandonkadonk? @alexa_eyring: what about that badonkadonk dough @thelonelyisland: jorm is back on girls tonight @brandonkadonk das you
rt @harrisrules13: pretty pathetic when a grocery store doesn't have reese's puffs #smh
@glock9fos spring. date will
be announced soon
parks and rec is on now east coast, sorry i'm late. west coast you got 3 hours. central time, i dunno 2 hours?
@alex_mantell dangerously delicious on
read this: @theavclub interviewed me about love. it gets kind of dark but i hope you enjoy it:
parks is on tonight. #lazyplug
all commercials should have tracy morgan saying shit on them
this game is boring, can @ludacris drive on the field in a tank and crush a large plane or something? #fast6
"paul walker drives an exploding car off a cliff, parachutes into a helicopter being flown by usher (cameo)." #fast6writersroom
tim riggins refusing to go in for the 49ers. in the locker room drinking brews, bummed about lyla. coach taylor not pleased. #fnlsuperbowl
from reuters: "49ers coach has flu. mgmt flying in a new coach from... dillon, tx???" #fnlsuperbowl
@classiclesley yes! i will.
sorry that was supposed to be on my private illuminati account plz ignore last tweet non illuminati
@obiwancannolis happy birthday!!! #daymade #doneanddone #haveagreatday
dc: i'm doing my buried alive tour at dar constitution hall on 3/29. tickets onsale friday at 10am:
.@bryansinger have you thought about 2 chainz playing bishop? i'm down if he passes.
@thenick316 dangerously delicious is avail worldwide at
this article about food photos is hilarious. second page about the grandpa who takes photos is too much:
and if you don't live in a place i was able to tour, i'm filming one of these shows to release it as a special.
wow. wow. if you are a fan of "bandz a make her dance" by @therealjuicyj and @pillsbury grands biscuits, watch this:
might be the only dude who yesterday had no clue what happened in football, but is thrilled early word on before midnight is fantastic.
let's all drank one for actor robert f. chew aka prop joe from the wire. #rippropjoe
@pissoffwanker @lenadunham i know her name is lena. the bit was that i got insanely high with the downton cast. lena is a friend. easy guy.
hibbert. killing it! "@jasonwyrick96: @hoya2apacer "i am not paying for this guy, he owes me a lot of money" @azizansari
if you were the dude i talked to in the crowd at meltdown tonight about txting or know him, plz contact me. wanna know what happens!!!
@curiousliz @peteholmez yep!
.@pusha_t is it "choppas in the closet! choppas! choppas in the closet!" or "shoppas in the closet! shoppas! shoppas in the closet"?
yes! @eugenemirman: new episode of @bobsburgers this sunday at 8:30 w/ special guests fred armisen and @azizansari
really cool of justin timberlake to play us all the albums he's releasing until 2016 at this mornings illuminati meeting. great stuff!
what's that? hold off on work and look into the derivation of the phrase "geez louise"? #igotyoudawg
@davidcho #smh (#shakingmyhitchdvd)
ladies and gentleman, the amazing and always impeccably dressed @pftompkins covering "skyfall" -
listen: i did an episode of the you made it weird podcast with @peteholmez, download here:
check out new ep of @chelseavperetti podcast, i called in (sort of):
wedding bandz a make her dance!!! i just got engaged so excited!!
confirmed: bringing your computer into the bed and "going on a few websites" til you fall asleep is an ineffective way to fall asleep.
fuck!!! in the tiny screen for django. smh. theatres let folks know which showtimes are on the tiny ratchet screens beforehand!!!!
hahahahaha @oaknova: @azizansari "umm...it was kinda spicy and had a weird texture lol"-white person review
@wbh_hate @sethmacfarlane hey idiot no one cares that much about rts. more people see it if it's quoted and i thought it was funny.
@salemisms stay strong
get excited. @jennyslate25 is playing jean ralphio's sister aka mona-lisa saperstein:
smh @dargandhi123: getting a lil chub, need to get back into the gym #losingmymetabolism #growingup
@adamabramson that was in reference to frontera in chicago airport. in la, i like el sauz for torta. #tortatalk
hey @chelseavperetti can i call into the podcast to discuss my latest mark on our culture aka oh brudder aka the phrase sweeping the nation?
the charity is through comedy central's night of too many stars for autism programs. here's a link:
@mikathewoof @apple they don't show up sometimes when you attach em on emails. jpgs do and look fine. #geeksoverthinkthingssometimes
@bankersclub @apple what's dumb
@mshawvs @nickjaspersen nick help us dog
was trying to minimize airport time, tragically forgot about delicious tortas at tortas frontera. @americanairlines can you hold flight
@chelseavperetti oh brudder
@timheidecker damn man, between this and @jwoliner's shirt fiascos, tough time for my buds. keep ya head up tim.
enjoy a convo with me and the always delightful @pftompkins on his show speakeasy. watch:
future (@1future) plz teach me how to sing and write songs like you. you can train me and handle your career at the same damn time!
great @nytimes article about marriage/love/etc. if you've seen my buried alive show, you'll know why this intrigues me:
me at 7pm: man i'm so sleepy. can't wait to get to bed... me at 12am: i'm gonna stay up doing shit on the internet til 4am!! yeah!
other things cities could be made of: mac and cheese, parpadelle pasta, pizza, ice cream!!!!
ever since that briskettown tweet ,i've been thinking about a town made of brisket for way longer than i should be.
ate ramen yesterday solo. restaurant was empty except for me and they were blasting michael buble's christmas album. it was great.
parks and rec aired a new episode tonight i think. i guess watch it on hulu or something? i didn't do a job twit-pluggin it. #smh
@96arley very disappointed you can't read the tour page closely and see i did two dates in charleston and you missed it
@whatthehekker i never do spoilery ones! promise.
we hate hurricanes: sandy benefit w/me, @sarahksilverman, will ferrell, beck, jon hamm, more. 12/10 in la:
instead of buying someone a stupid juicer,  help fight poverty and hunger with @oxfamamerica. buy a gift at
for those following the tragic @jeshirt saga, this update is a must read:
sure @rogueego: @azizansari give harris a 1 minute interlude on your network to tell us what he did each day
hbo-aziz "i'm gonna give ya to the count of 10 to subscribe to hbo-aziz.. 1... 2... 10!" (home alone still)
tell @hbo to let me program hbo-z for a week. tweet  #letazizprogramhboz at them.
maybe karate kid 3 (1 on tv quite a bit already) #heydanielmakeawish @tubberboy: @azizansari. karate kid 1 2 and 3?
rt if you think the airport personnel in argo are nicer than 90% of the clowns at us air and united.
@amtendler @mulaney if that's not on the back of your next dvd @mulaney...
if you ain't blasting waka flocka in your kitchen, your turkey gon be ratchet. #yousaynotoratchetturkeyjuicyjcant
is there a lot of traffic to the airport? strange. no one was on the super secret expert traveler shortcuts i took. #bringitworsttravelday
oh what am i doing? nothing, just reading the buzz mccallister home alone wiki page. #veryproductive
wow. look at this screencap from richard pryor live:
joe budden is on parks and rec tonight at 9:30/8:30c on nbc. watch! wait sorry, not budden, joe biden. joe budden sang "pump it up."
fingers. crossed. "@davidcho: prediction: there will be a plot in think like a man 2 that is similar to the plot of the 'same girl' video.
uh huh. ok. wsup? shut up! #wegonnaletthebandhandlethisone
yang gonna kill it! @alanmyang: i'm doing monologues for asssscat at ucb tonight at 8. "better than my movie lincoln!" --daniel day-lewis
attention all ny theatres @harrisrules13: just bought a child's ticket for skyfall. really hope this doesn't backfire
due to a last minute flight change, tonight i am an aisle seater. window neighbor has promised she sleeping through too. #wishmeluck
answer: future - at the same damn time (remix feat diddy and ludacris):
@thunder_katzz probably in early 2013
i hate cancer and love babies. if you feel the same please go to
new parks tonight at 930/830c on nbc. jean ralphio returns!!! mike from breaking bad is ben's dad. it's a good one. watch plz.
@chelseavperetti @moshekasher @hannibalburess better than some dude from iowa's donk
donald trump #aisleman, tom hanks #windowseat, future #windowandaisleatthesamndamntime #jk #windowseat
my man. @moshekasher: @azizansari @joemande @chelseavperetti @hannibalburess gotta weigh in here ya'all. window life.
hmmm, fat sir can i smell a before and after of your crotch when you dump your tgi fridays to go in the airplane bathroom? #windowseatlife
aisle-cause we like to get woke up when we fall asleep #windowfosho @chelseavperetti: window seats are like "middle plus" #aisleordie
rt @barackobama ain't nobody fuckin wit my clique! clique! clique! #thanksfordavotesyall
damn just heard romney conceded by text. #coldmovebro #yougottacall
i'm on this weeks episode of @chelseavperetti's podcast discussing think like a man and how to treat ya lady. listen:
hahahhahaha rt @runningboard: @azizansari why u just thinkin bout 2 or 3 props, imma show u how to vote it up a notch..." cc @kendricklamar
this kinda makes sense? rt @mattkuzma: now i ain't sayin she a vote digger, but she ain't messin wit no poll figures."
votes a make her dance! votes a make her dance! all these chicks voting ain't they ain't using chads! (cc @therealjuicyj)
i wish barack and mitt were forced to discuss their plans for the economy only using the term "guap."
had a good chuckle at the illuminati meeting this morning about the "election" that is "tomorrow." hahaha! have fun guys.
@joanne_cg no
@rusamblack it's next saturday. shows are on.
@chelseavperetti experienced dis one first hand a few dayz ago
kellz on stage in la. diamond encrusted mic. jjssjstwyajsgaksiwvsksuebekshebsnzuwgfardoelrhb
meaning he's scared the ghost watches unsolved mysteries???
@chrissyteigen yeah
@chelseavperetti what's the italian word for black architect
warning: if you are an in n out cheeseburger animal style with french fries you are bout to get destroyed by me. so psyched.
@gmcastillo1 @avclub wow this is nuts
@melissafridge pop that by french montana. enjoy!
btw here's a link to "stomp" by three 6 mafia to listen to while reading that unsolved mysteries article. 
bane the tank engine
rt if you say no to ratchet pussy and/or if you can't say no to it
ti feat lil wayne - ball #doitnowtwitterville
@chelseavperetti @joemande grump central over here
congrats @joemande! rt @deadlinehollywood joe mande "morris" character starts spinoff
bidding war, studios interested in feature
new #parksandrec tonight at 930/830c. halloween episode. watch it!
@maudeapatow north by northwest
@real_gmoney i was at dinner
"hypothetical question, let's say israel calls you up and they say 'we need all your hummus.' what's your move?" #betterdebatequestions
look schieffer, we all wanna talk about domestic policy. come on man. let's do this.
you and detlef get back to work! now! rt @hoya2apacer: #gangnamroy video on mobile
i'm on conan tonight. watch.
if i'm not tweeting and your curious what i'm doing - i'm either driving to/from a standup show or eating/ordering tacos.
if anyone is wondering - @chelseavperetti, @nickkroll, and @adamscott are unavailable to get coffee right now
i'm doing a charity auction for #2manystars. bid now to have me take control of your personal twitter account:
hitch trivia: stanley kubrick once said hitch was his "favorite movie ever."
@wintercheck what u twerkin with
@nickkroll @chelseavperetti shooting nights boo
randomly remembered this awesome scene from extras:
true. @joemande: i made tom haverford's fake iphone in tonight's episode.
go listen to fleetwood mac - that's all for everyone because it's amazing:
yes! @chelseavperetti: not to get off topic but candy what's your real name, and not your stripper naaaaame... #bands #a #make #her #dance
did you see argo yet? #bettertownhallquestions
sitting around talking about libya??
"yeah but how come my stuff is expensive...." - michael jones rebuttal
sketchy deal! oh shit!!! damn that's a money line.
the only minority in the town hall is president obama.
kimmel tonight! watch.
shucking oysters is fun (and scary as fuck at times). rt if you've shucked oysters.
@jwoliner "what should we get for lunch?" a new screenwriting book from aziz ansari and jason woliner
has anyone brought up what the candidates would do re: abu nazir?
she prefers granny smith apples over fiji apples #signssheratchet
@wintercheck  oh brudder
@kelliesuth got too many responses and afraid i didn't. i went to sichuan house and it was amazing.
@chelseavperetti this is a useless tweet. how bout blasting this shit out when the link is live
@chrishuley standup gigs in sydney, melbourne, and brisbane - tickets at
@rabannerman zipped through sahn
tig notaro is a hilarious comedian and this set at largo sounds brilliant. go buy it for $5 here via @louisck:
lurkin by waka flocka @mariogorgano: @azizansari did we ever find out what keeps the hype up after french montana #popthatdontstop
also homemade biscuits is a bit tough so we making pillsbury grands and singing "grands a make her dance! grands a make her dance!"
note: this may also be accompanied by the smell of tasty biscuits, corn, and zingerman's mac and cheese. #excited #tastiness
you're talking to a hunter hero here @lov2500: @azizansari buck hunter is another i would like to see more of
filming parks today and realized tommy would never say "work" in 2012. quickly changing these work's to twork's.
@caitklein1 you heard wrong fool. i like tacos more but it's not a competition
that's a lizard homey @2chainz: wtf is this
what about the show about the dude obsessed w/fucking his car? @juddapatow: seor @azizansari are you aware that breaking amish is fake?
yes also jagged edge where da party at @srkirk7: @azizansari not liking lurkin must surely be on tom's 'oh no no's' list.
hanging out at @chelseavperetti's. both been on our phones for bout 20 mins. 0 words exchanged. #notcomplaining #signofstrongfriendship
i've heard "@davidcho: @azizansari you should go see looper, it's really good.
illuminati bbq today 3pm at spielberg compound. teleportation windows close at 415pm sharp. don't get stuck in the void! come early.
believe i know how dumb these are but i will keep going.
#intrigued @jaymcginn: @azizansari gotta get the cinnamon apple sticks from trader joe's #protip
@wintercheck tizzle bumpin
please register to vote @headcountorg:
lol @danielhillard rt @stuartdunmire was at the pool and someone threw an apple at my head. #wtf #rudeness #smh
he's great with the kids though! rt @mirandahillard daniel is out of control. getting divorced. #irresponsible #whereisthismarriageheaded
oh shit @trevorusa: @azizansari you will possibly have to go back in the archives and drop beamer, benz, or bentley.
bout to present an emmy! watch!!!
damn lot of bagel bite defenders coming at me. they aint that bad. if that was lil aziz, id be on my handisnacks, teddy grahams, gushers ish
these motherfuckers are still swimming. and now they eatinf bagel bites. #upgradeyasnackgameyoungins
@southcackneez #splashmountain
@dpohalloran jealous. report back plz
!!!
@wackadelic look man, if you watch parks i'll give you a haircut just like cool dr money!
parks and rec season 5 starts thursday! here's a teaser for our new season:
her but i did "conga" rt @dewrobertson: @azizansari was it you or gloria estefan that sang "get on your feet"?
for those asking, bubble tea is a thing asian people fuck wit. hard. come on white people get some asian friends
if anyone needs me i'm sitting in front of a fan and blasting "pop that" drinking a martinelli's #ballsosoft
love the tweet and da profile pic @markvicferrer: @azizansari "mr. crisp" always felt like an incomplete joke. "mr. crisp just got crunched"
.@schwarzenegger just saw a man made of liquid metal leaving a steel mill, very concerned, please dm me
@mattdabrat405 @schwarzenegger got you dog
.@schwarzenegger if mr. crisp was on twitter i'd unfollow him. #johnkimble4life
@brentyoung hahaha well done sir
my brother (@southcackneez) and i have determined "hush puppy" is the best name for a food or anything ever.
dude on my flight is watching men in black 3, watching with no sound and pretending its a hitch sequel bout hitch trying hookup an alien.
@bwziemer that's real leather son. hope you enjoyed the show.
if i was a stadium dj at us open, i'd have "deuces" (remix) on deck for when games hit 40-40. (credit @southcackneez)
yes! sequel to before sunrise and sunset!! @deadlineny: richard linklater completes before midnight
.@taylorswift13 - would you play an allegra cole type in a direct to dvd hitch sequel with me? @martinscorsese in talks to direct
scene idea: instead of usher "yeah" dance sequence we do psy "gangnam style." thoughts @danieldaylewis?
.@officialjaden - would you costar in a direct to dvd hitch sequel with me? @christophernolan and @martinscorsese in talks to direct
.@taylorswift would you be interested in playing the allegra cole type role in a direct to dvd hitch sequel starring me?
.@iamrashidajones let's reboot hitch @danbakst: only complaint w/celeste and jesse- no scene w/@azizansari giving samberg hitch-esque tips.
fuck! i just spilled salad dressing all over my external harddrive!!! #awesomesentencethatmeantnothing50yearsago
@editevening all new material never seen in any special
"how bout we air stop or my mom will shoot, the stallone-estelle getty buddy cop movie?" "great idea chris!" #overheardathboprogrammingmtg
ummm this website is amazing. go through the diddy and dmx chunks asap:
australia: i'm performing at the sydney opera house on 10/12. get tickets here:
tom accuses dr. malcolm of stealing his "water drop on the hand" chaos theory pickup strategy. #jurassicparksandrecreation
john hammond teams up with entertainment 720 to bring dinosaurs to pawnee. #jurassicparksandrecreation
@crizzostizzo hahahha pizza pizza!!! that place looked so bad.
@sho_pr no prob, just send me all of season 2 on dvd asap, thx
@sofifii i remember like 5 people's names. how do i remember that conversation.
"a big booty ho! you shouldn't have. thanks." - 2chainz on his birthday #sorryifthismakesnosense #listentothatalbumitsgood
if you need me, i'm busy watching a sh'boss boys documentary about how they installed gps in their power wheels. #notlying
@lenroq @thejgold @substances la. in ny - miss korea is dope.
@buttasteele i only fuck wit da apple juice but i appreciate the sentiment
pho 95 in denver. wow. #tasty
wow. play these youtube clips at same time. 1)
as you can tell by the previous tweet i'm really bored being away from nyc.
when la is this hot, i wish i our show was called indoor air conditioned areas and recreations. #itshotinla #shootinginapark
oh damn. if you're all caught up on breaking bad, watch this:
@jonahhill @actionbronson bird on a wire!
if you are in ny/la, go see "celeste and jesse forever" this weekend. my lil boo boo @iamrashidajones wrote and stars.
los angeles: i'm doing shows for my buried alive tour on 9/13 and 9/14. get tickets here:
@sabrinamalik cochon, butcher (get the pork belly sandwich), and verti mart for po boys.
@rob_babylon @chelseavperetti yo chels i respect this dudes think like a man knowledge. you?
@bourdain #martinspotatorollforlife
@wintercheck wdb dat ain't a nice way to talk bout ice cream
montreal: rumor control - @chelseavperetti and i are not djing at eggspectation tonight at midnight.
@ffffuuuccckkkk yeah it's never explained why a kid is in the crew. smh.
@tfrey26 executive platinum my man, you know what it is.
@pmh077 shit, sorry man. it was a tough call, but we just felt it was too soon to do a show like that. hope you understand.
@binkthegr8 just seemed too soon to do the show. hope oyu understand.
@chelseavperetti no stop it
@mysterion3000 in fall/winter
@bourdain you get the pig face??
anyone gonna sample the dark knight bane chant and make a song that goes "we keep hustlin! hustlin! we keep hustlin! hustlin!"? @rickyrozay?
@shady_po_brady nope whole new hour
@rickysfishtacos ricky i miss you
@lscorrcho haha thanks! that song is ridic.
@katuwapitiya all me dawg
@rebeccahyecho yep. i made this tour suit with the lovely folks at band of outsiders
@g3rm5az tokyo
any questions about stuff? bored waiting for flight to take off. re: my tour, some people asked about uk. trying to do uk and australia.
shoutout to the folks that videotaped fireworks on their phones last night. so glad we have that footage to look back on.
@mikemoyn dish network trying to put ricin in amc's burrito
wow. amc is not fucking around. rt @nytimes amc sends 'new reps' to dish network ceo's home:
@atimiscott happy birthday!!!
@tjy12345 @chelseavperetti thinking you may be right
@3lisabethx huh? that's not on there is it? shit must have been a fuckup
buried alive tour in portland, seattle, and vancouver this wkend w/@chelseavperetti. few tix left in vancouver. buy here:
@nptechally your duncan hines is irrelevant ok????
@az_amazing yeah probably in fall, want to do phoenix and eat pizza bianca or whatever it is
@gorthex die hard, t2, coming to america, back to the future, before sunset, boogie nights, dark knight
@jobybarker @kanyewest dunno like a lot of em, but i been rocking this a lot lately:
damn its raining like a beast in nyc and i'm kind of bored. anyone have any questions they want to ask?
@dlinke01
your duncan hines is irrelevant rt @pillsbury
#tweetsyoucaneat 5 minutes + 3 ingredients = peanut butter banana sweet roll nirvana!
@saintpiercing shut up fool. nah i ain't drunk just bored. trying to make it back to nyc and this bus stinks like sewage. long story.
oh damn. now we listening to '93 til infinity. get on board sahn:
how good is the beat to "rainy dayz"??? @rzawu well done
anytime you're an arugment with someone, just randomly go - your duncan hines is irrelevant. #pushatdebatestrategies
@zross12 we run in the same circles.
where should we eat in raleigh??? #buriedalivefoodrecs
@chefsfeed
@k_heetland maybe at box office? i dunno
@davidcho nah the cdb is hitch and you're sara melas trying to expose him via your gossip column
okc just called a timeout so everyone could watch the wedding dance setpiece at the end of hitch.
halftime? more like hitch time nba finals!
rt if you're familiar with the hitch deleted scene where hitch makes a day of reservation at nobu for his first love.
nyc: shows tonight at beacon tonight are sold out but i'm gonna add more shows in the fall/winter sometime. also, i like tacos.
chicago theatre. 2 shows!! tonight!! let's go!!!!! #channelingdiddyforthistweet
chicago: my shows are sold out but gonna come back in a few months. also go see @hannibalburess tomorrow. tickets here:
tom and jean ralphio force detlef and roy hibbert to join the nights watch as punishment for messing up their lunch order. #thronesandrecreation
yep @kentremendous: pretty sure the cast and writers would be up for a 100% cross-over season with game of thrones, if they were into it.
@steven_falco we're adding shows in winter
@talentovere check the link. toronto dates are there
@tony978 did four shows at wilbur theatre a few weeks back
about to take off on a long flight. seated to a next a very attractive woman. sorry, did i say attractive woman? i meant bald businessman.
@xhollyw00dgrlx @jwoliner nah he meant carson daly. just saw matt weiner tweet an apology for mistake
@chelseavperetti @christhefuur actualy. nope. thought that was a white head band and fro in the profile pic. fraid you not eccentric enuff
@chelseavperetti @fortunefunny hard to know if you really hate this person or not. #geniinechelsisararity
@stinbot yeah
for the last time, sandy kenyan from taxi tv is not doing a secret dj set with me at the cvs at astor place tonight at 3am. #rumorpatrol
breaking bad is back july 15th! fuck yes.
does anyone know how my equity in harvard connection/connect u is affected by today? #winklevoss4life
@kaitlynbrianna all different
@nathanrouse79 yes
well done. @noobmike: @azizansari @therock @laurencoleslaw what's your favorite dis? it doesnt matter what your favorite dis is! jabroni.
need clarity here @damonlindelof, is prometheus a prequel to hitch or just a film that takes place in the same universe as hitch?
@jakewillems yep
parks and rec season finale tonight at 930/830c on nbc. watch it. #sorrytootiredtocleverupthisplug
@meetjonathan yes. opening joke from my first special
amazing! @jwoliner: holy shit i was right!! leaked final page of mad men finale script:
no! buried alive is a new hour @jsondermann: @azizansari is dangerously delicious same routine that i'm going to see in stl this friday?
@fousterus it'll be in the fall probably warner or constitution hall!
welcome the lovely @iamrashidajones to twitterville y'all. she'll be tweeting about our adventures at the met ball tonight.
yes!!! rt @beardfoundation: winner humor: @brettmartin gq, the hangover part iii #jbfa @davidchang @azizansari @lcdsoundsystem"
@jhartzell2 @theavclub hahah that's awesome. thanks for the tips.
track em, find em, kill em. - stallone explains the plan and driving force of the 2nd and 3rd act of the film. #exp2trailerlivetweet
jet li! motorcycle! explosion! bruce willis! helicopter! explosion! tanks! more explosions!  #exp2trailerlivetweet
oh shit! expendables are coming in on a motherfucking zip line!! #classicalready #exp2trailerlivetweet
@hansgruberwins
atlantic city: two more buried alive shows added on 7/14. all new material. tickets here:
oh shit! bruce willis and the rock just took off in a tank, the tank jumped in the air and shot missiles! yes! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
whoa! a motorcycle just turned into missile!! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
what?!! the president is the bad guy!! the rock vs. the president!! yes!! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
happy to announce @chelseavperetti and i just finished the poster for our think like a man reboot! check it:
@imbuyinrounds it's on
#buriedalivetourfoodupdate: catbird seat. nashville. this was very tasty:
dude across from me on flight to nashville just took the #3 spot on my top ponytails of all time list.
parks and rec is finally back tonight at 930 on nbc. #sorryhadthewrongtimeinthelasttweet
@nick_kf just avail on
everyone. watch the season premiere of eagleheart tonight at midnight on adult swim. so so funny.
nm. twins reboot recast. me & @therock. rt if you onboard. #twinsreloaded #teambringit #herewegoagain #morelikeherewediscoverweretwinsagain
@richb420
@genital_insect hahahaha oh my god
fuck yeah! @gameofthrones: anyone hunting for dragon eggs today? here's how to make your own:
where should aziz look a like go next? name a spot in nyc. we'll send him over.
@jlindsay78
i hired an aziz look a like to sell my new special on the streets of nyc. let me know if you see him!
i'm doing a free standup show in the city with the most facebook likes on this page:
khal drago! #finallywatchinggameofthrones
new kanye west. check it:
listen to my interview with @nprfreshair:
yes! @eugenemirman: also, @azizansari guest stars on this week's episode of @bobsburgersfox 
@iamrobmann noooooo
@wendy_aldridge i added new orleans at mahalia jackson, google around, my site will be updated soon
@stevenblerg yes
@serinachaitu thank you
@tcrusoe35 what's your sn
@ncsoo7 yes! getting this fixed.
@edwardheyburn thanks so much!!!!!!!
@zekethephysique dude i heard about this. on it.
is it a smart investment to put all your money in scramble with friends tokens?
@marshall332257 it's on
@neonfawn i wasn't at a house party on friday, different bearded indian man probably. it happens.
@nadeybrance i am. cleveland.
breaking bad and mad men @billbrews: @azizansari what's your favorite drama on tv? #askaziz
@wdbg8r also i never saw all those other tweets, i can't read em all cause there's just too many coming in
another faq: material on my new tour is 100% different from the dangerously delicious special i'm selling for $5 on
eating and becoming a fat indian man @sdpmd: if you weren't a comedian, what would you be doing instead? @azizansari #askaziz
how good was that show! @mattaavila: @azizansari what's your favorite season of "batman: the animated series"? #askaziz
i'm down! @tobithompson: can we officially make 10/13 "treat yo self day" because that was the date that episode first played? #askaziz
happy bday boo:
lil' boo boo @ryersonzzz: @azizansari if you were a rapper, what would be your name? #askaziz
@heykaren maybe?
@dinozombiesaur i only wrote that cause people asked for an update sorry i'm gonna quit comedy and life cause you don't like my tweets :(
update: @dargandhi123: @deltaassist might be helping out, crossing my fingers...
@timreturns rename file as .mp4 and it works on ps3. i think.
@natashadye no new tour is buried alive. 100% different
@hayden_dedear i did one the other day
@itshummm thank you very much humayun.
@kamalazmy thank you!
@beskates yesss buried alive is a totally different hour
@mattyjenner email support@azizansari.com
hi. doing a twitter qanda tomorrow at 2pm est to discuss my new standup special and whatever. get the special for $5 at
is hunger games about a girl facing a series of challenges and hurdles during lunchtime to get tasty tacos? #mylifestorydog
@tortacular just video right now .mov
@markdavidbecker
@jbenjamin85 i don't understand this. what's wrong? it works i used it to check. we'll figure out.
@silent_girl20 hmmm @supportaziz? please help?
somewhere the 5 people that have any respect for geraldo just said - "i'm disappointed in you geraldo."
@mseninsk25 i approve
@chadcleary i'm not lying my phone crapped out. if i was asleep i would tell you. calm down ding dong.
@h3adsnot what happened?
@_bigcat you can pay using amazon
i thought it was ricky rubio! #smh rt  @zlander why you never shout out your celebrity doppelganger, john lucas iii of the chicago bulls?
@brian_h_king @actuallynph we ran into each other at a restaurant in montreal once. #respecttonphfoodgame #foodgamerecognizefoodgame
"fuck! i just ran out of apple juice!!" #azizrage
@radenkg yeah
@harp1327 its a totally different hour, watch it!
@so_joke are you serious? i used to work there, is cedric and sandra still there? you're fucking with me right???
@apryldervay @wslpfm @pvarga thanks for playing the clip! #didnthearitbutassumeyouarentliars
@simplyrafa8 we adding amazon
@nickaforte what was that site called?
@dandmmusic yeah. its only avail for download/stream on
@pajareezy no different indian guy
@donaldcookie on the download page it'll be there or if you download the special it comes in the zip file or something.
@j0sezaragoza that's amazing.
hitch: outtakes from the dance scene #fakedangerouslydelicioustorrents don't steal, buy it for $5 at
if you work at a radio station and want an mp3 clip of my new special to play on air, email ddradiomp3@gmail.com.
reddit ama thing starts in one hour. come ask stuff!
@ryanrogers ummm... you mean like this? it's avail for download on
@theregularguys haha yeah that's what i did.
doing some of my own tech support for dangerously delicious on
@jflores78 no completely different material.
download the video, hit play, close your eyes. rt @calebteaches is there any way to download an audio-only version of the special?
@nealj0528
@sarah_cmorris we're adding an atl date. if you buy the special you'll see a trip to holeman and finch for their burger is a big part of it.
@jmcjeffery probably? don't know what toronto show you saw. if the dangerously delicious tour then yep.
hi! download/stream my new standup special for $5 at
@csergent28 this is ultimate way to experience the special!!!
@suicidalidol just digital as of now. but you can download it anywhere worldwide
@firasalexander one of the main reasons i did it this way! love that there is no lag for international
@adamalitweets yep!!! he got into nyu somehow
@s_audet yep. worldwide = canada.
@switz213 no totally different material!
@jlampron yes. totally different.
@elliehoulie you can download or stream, your choice.
@bern_generous yep there's a new harris bit.
@christianoho if you release a standup special online chris ho, i'll buy it. thanks.
@taraceebee thank you so much!!! i hope you like it.
go to
@tophersanders atl and nola dates added soon, where you at?
yo the sounds on my scramble with friends stopped working, what do i do? #comeonindiansliveuptoyourstereotype
this is fastest the entire world has ever found out about a dude jerking off.
because i like fish tacos  #fishtacos rt @joemoneymade why do you follow so many #fishtaco places???
new orleans. you are amazing. cochon?? rabbit and dumplings?? ridic. adding tour date asap!!!
@dustinbatx it sold out, i'll come back again soon
a new york gangster. in norway?
@charliezastrow @grantland33 what slim charles didn't make original list but cheese did? come on now
@heyitslee la will be in the fall.
@tmoneydegraaf @grantland33 holdup - poot and slim charles better be in competition
shoutout to the dude that came up with trader joe's sesame honey cashews. #delicious
@juddapatow did you dub in "i just had sex with that crowd in the butt!" for randy?
@mrjeromyy presale is way less fees and stuff (cheaper)
what's your favorite cubano or any other must eats in miami?
@randomhero384 we added a second show
@jonkarieldon shoutout to lil bro of @jonkarieldon, get well soon!
@hockeybuck yeesh. sorry man. don't know how to beat the fast sellouts and scalpers. will be adding shows though. what city?
lets reelect... obamaaaaaaaaa! @questlove: daring @azizansari to go in raaaaaaaandy! mode at this potus event.
wow. red eye flight. fell asleep before inflight announcements. woke up after we landed. not kidding. #nextlevelexperttravelerswag
@chris_yatooma regular onsale is friday at 10am. still some tickets left
@madgal72 regular onsale friday at 10am! still tickets left
@zannie82 sorry. regular onsale starts friday. don't go on stubhub.
@eviltanga @topspinmedia regular onsale friday at 10am. show isn't all sold out yet
note: if presale tickets sell out, don't worry - plenty of regular tickets avail at fri 10am local time:
@death_rowe3 sorry duder. presale must have sold out while you had in cart. regular onsale friday.
watching nba on hbo. when did common start playing for the nj nets?? and wsup wit all these queen latifah crowd shots?
@abaig3 go to
@brittbodyc sorry boo you caught me when i'm announcing a tour. go back and read some old ones?
here are the first dates for my buried alive standup tour! presale: this wed 10am pst. general onsale: fri. tickets:
just heard vin diesel will be walking the  oscar red carpet in character as dominic toretto from fast 5. excited.
"this kid is glowing in the dark. we've seen everything now." #announcerwaytoblownawaybyblacklights
since dexter is doing those voiceovers, you think that durango in the commercial is full of bodies?
austin, tx: general onsale for my standup show on 4/25 starts now! get tickets here:
@lenadunham i hate to say it but if your show was "girls.... in norway???" i'd be way more onboard #alsoobsessedwithlillyhammeradcampaign
i hope when that espn writer apologizes, the article isn't titled "lin headline was ching chong bing wrong." that would be bad.
anybody had this new kraft homestyle mac and cheese? let's just say i'm intrigued...
@chrissyteigen @iza_goulart @annev  @barrefaeli chrissy plz txt me address of where to meet you guys. so cool yall are hangin wit me on vday
@w_douillet ummmm.... yes!!! follow me and will dm info!
hey @therock, can me, jeremy lin (@jlin7) & the "rack city" dude play a new race crew in fast 6?
entertainment 720 baller/intern roy hibbert (@hoya2apacer) has been selected as nba all star!! congrats.
i'm about tackle some cookies.
remember that super bowl halftime show a few years ago when nelly whipped his dick out? that was crazy.
touchdown!!! #foodhitmyplate
epic just thrown out of the stadium for fighting a cheerleader!!! #fridaynightlightssuperbowlcommentary
hope someone gets a touchdown and does a tinker shuffle. #onlyfootballiknowisfridaynightlights
show love to my man @hannibalburess. it's his bday. dude is recovering from a small car accident. not ideal. #ladiestweethimsometitties
i can"t believe the komen found--- huh? what's that? oh ok. that's good. nevermind y'all.
@abellwillring tickets go on sale 2/23. i was confused by the badge thing as well. will try to secure no fee tickets for them.
watch this new tom haverford compilation of "tommy talk":
agreed. capn's choice. @ericwareheim: have you seen this:
i took the tim & eric billion dollar movie pledge, because i love @timheidecker & @ericwareheim:
follow friday: welcome @nickswardson to twitter-ville y'all!!!!!
cause of some promo thing where lakers won, announcer dude just went "everyone gets free tacos!" #best4wordstohearyelledloudly
remember when 90s sitcoms used to do that one episode where one character was really fucking awesome at basketball? #lebringdatback
@zachwood i never even said practice. it's a run through before i start a new tour. you sound awful though plz don't come.
@cremedelafresh holy shit, you do this on the reg? i'm skeptical but i may have to try that
"let's use a still from the scene where the rock is flying around on the giant bumblebee." #journey2posterconversation
the best part of the clippers-heat game was this look of pure terror in @danlevy's eyes.
those asking about a second standup special, yes its being edited. out soon. and doing a brand new tour this year too.
i'm gonna read these articles:
i'm down to be ludacris mechanic or maybe a dude that makes special tires for tyrese?
oh my god. someone made a parks and rec/watch the throne tumblr and its amazing:
oh damn, is everything closed today?
no matter how tired you are, i don't care if you are jet lagged or what - never eat two energy sheets. #happynewyear #2012advice
this dude's reaction video to the weeknd is my favorite thing:
@dan_kluger oh my god. so delicious. thanks for having us.
oh fuck now a raccoon just walked by!! is a fucking jumanji situation going on in my a neighborhood or what??!
oh shit. just stepped out, wolves doubled back in front of my house! #dontwannabeeatenbywolves #aretheygone? @chelseavperetti?!
@hannibalburess: martinelli's rt @melindakashner grocery store dilemma. motts or old orchard? this is why hannibal and i are friends.
funnyman @louisck put out a new special. go to louisck.com & get it for $5. #ihatethetermfunnymanbutheisareallyfunnyman
myself and @mshawvs remixed n*ggas in paris:
new parks tonight at 830. the truth about jerry gergich is revealed!! rt @ew 'parks and rec' sneak preview:
yessirrrr! rt @theavclub @louisck will return to parks and recreation.
in a cab. knock on glass. "yo know where the nearest strip club at? trying to see dem titties tonight." #nyiloveyou
at my uncles house, bout to school this little 6 year old indian kid in some motherfucking ping pong. #nomercy
@chelseavperetti you not doing thanksgiving at chet's? (cc: @chethaze)
chris pratt & i want you to give a shit about cancer. watch this video we made with
@davidcho go by singapore banana leaf in da farmer's market and cop dat fish curry
gq is the best! rt @gqmagazine gq takes aziz ansari, david chang, & james murphy on a drunken trip to tokyo:
@plinytheleast jia jia tang bao owns us all. trust me.
@benkrugs all good. yeah i went a few weeks back. that sammy with the chip in it?? #areyouseriousrightnow #tasty
any new ny spots i need to eat at? oh shit it's just #snacksonsnacksonsnacks
@davidchang @noreservations betrayed again. apparently this guy is the only real friend i have in tokyo:
i do not recommend saying "now hop up on that dick and do a full split" in the workplace. #unlessyouworkatyoungmoney
very disappointed to find out that actress julianna hough's last name was not pronounced like the rick ross noise.
"rt @kjal336 @azizansari did budnick have his steve vai guitar pic on his necklace?" nah he was doing a puzzle with the pieces upside down
anyone else remember when best buy type stores would show off badass speakers systems by looping the t2 bridge chase scene? miss that.
terminator 2 on hbo! yes hbo team!!! also like that jingle all the way is on deck at 530 on hbo family. #morearnoldlesslikemike
@chelseavperetti walk down. smh. #niceoutside #toolazytopickyouup rt pls
@swiftraven read the feed dummy. does that look like a real movie's promotional twitter account?
whoa. this is great. watch the cradle:
another great writing session with @jwoliner, currently looking up what happened to "the kid" from disney's "the kid."
who flight crew rocking sunglasses and holding advil. #throneflight #nochurchintheflight #bestflighttolaever
"capn here. just saw our inflight magazine. i'm upset. the paper read murder! black on black murder!" #throneflight #bestflightbacktolaever
whole plane chanting "don't let me get in my zzoooooone!" #throneflight #bestflightbacktolaever
the cap'n is on ye's verse, i'm handling jay's duties!! the plane is goin h.a.m.!!! best flight back to la ever!!!!!
on flight back to la. bored as fuck. might start blasting n*ggas in paris on my laptop just if everyone starts goin gorillas. #huh!
eating sushi with a friend tonight, dude got a crazy allergic reaction! lol. 
@igotdatcliff #davidrobinson
@wintercheck jared from kid nation
yes hbo programming team! more inception, maybe a little less sex and the city 2. #lawrenceofmylabia
@jackson_blake you remember my cousins moo and lou? don't you?
best thing i heard all halloween - "oh shit! jesus just punched that ghostbusters in the face!!"
halloween? didn't notice. been goin in on little drummer boy by @justinbieber feat. busta rhymes:
also dude dressed for halloween as a "shadow" but looks dangerously close to a guy wearing all black wearing black face. #badcallbud
orono maine. bangor maine. week of college shows over. we bout to go cray!!! #isitpossibletogocraoriseveryoneasleep
providence, ri what's good? #dontsaycalzonesplease
new parks and rec episode tonight - april and andy's halloween party and e720 goes h.a.m. watch it! 8:30 on nbc.
@raaaachel3 i'll be in la! sorry :(
@chelseavperetti @kettlechips #moderationbooboo
parks and rec + breaking bad =
"here you go king, try one of these pigs in a blanket. they're the frozen kind but you'd never know it." #comingtoamerica
@yfrompc863 happy birthday adriana! #specialshoutout #doneanddone
@chrinter2 that was such a fun show, thanks for coming. really great audience.
if you are in ny, i urge you to go see karen o's stop the virgins show. it was incredible!!
tonight's parks & rec is one of the best. why? cause it's treat yo self day. here's a preview:
@emilybobemily if you watched bbad and you knew the scene, you'd understand.
@kgfury uh oh. that was an imposter. i wasn't in vegas. but dude does look like me, not to be racist.
"i need a tasty lil snack." #thoughtthatgoesthroughmyhead200timesaday #fatsolife
@rickysfishtacos lobster tacos!!!!! yummmmm...... save a few for me ricky.
my friend @wintercheck runs a great small business. go watch a video about it & vote for her in this contest:
@lauren_711 this one was so fun to film. adam scott killed me with this one line, you'll know it when you hear it. plus joan calamezzo!
sounds like you got shot w/novocaine 9 times! rt @50cent i'm at the dentist again i can't feel my face #sk:
@nilo89 neel! i saw you on my timeline finally! i hope this experience of me tweeting at you lives up to your expectations.
"ansari is asleep & will awake up in nyc. the older asian man is still sorting through his oversized liquids at security. what a blowout."
uh... yeah old man, laptops go in a separate bin. #dontfrontthecasualtravelerlineisoverthere
"you know, i'd rather not listen to 'n*ggas in paris' right now." - statement from a person i never want to be friends with.
drive 2: taco driver. "meet mr. rose. he loves tacos." (i finish an al pastor from el chato) "my hands are a little dirty." "mine too."
@toddzelin one from "live and loud" is dope.
@sraelopez @uchikoaustin no, just like keeping touch with restaurants i ate at on my last tour. #fatsolife
great oral history of the ucb theatre from @nymag. well worth a read:
i thought the hash tag #fakebbadspoiler was pretty self explanatory.
@iamjeffreyw its fake read the hash tag.
@jordanrandall its fake bud! don't worry.
bout go dumb, how come? that's my brunch! #prebrunchthroneinfulleffect #whereshouldieatatny?
ny: i'm gonna drop in at @joemande's show totally j/k at the new ucb east theatre tonight. info & reservations here:
@tinysaurus that was a different indian dude
@phalon_jer damn those do look good! i tried that truck on la brea and olympic the other day, pretty good pastor as well.
spent morning watching "how to tie a bow tie" videos on youtube & now about go eat tacos by myself. #ballsosoft #emmymadness
some left over photos from @amtendler's food & fashion. thanks again for letting me be a part of it anna! link:
@jillabramson true. also, let's be honest, i probably would drop way too many f-bombs in my reviews when i really liked the food.
read about my trip to bowery hotel & my favorite cocktail aka the gold rush:
@wintercheck is it true you have a profile on shaadi.com?
@ferro94 love frontera, also love that sandwich place next door. xoco?
@misstlcworld i think the pearl's roll is more mayo heavy style, and i prefer luke's less mayo style.
@10middlefingers @chelseavperetti #krollallupinourgrilldough
really glad @chelseavperetti has these toni braxton youtube clip anecdotes ready to go at brunch. #givesmetimetocheckmahphone
@ahmedtriplea here ya go: happy birthday!!!
it's been one hour and ten minutes. still no word from @chelseavperetti on my "where should i eat?" txt. #dunzo
here's an excerpt from my rolling stone interview:
@queencityfire @parksandrecnbc hahah. yeah god damn @parksandrecnbc why you gotta make me look foolish!
@n666zy dude you aint tell me you had smashburger yet??! thoughts?
@briggsg happy birthday my man!
rt @amtendler when running for political office scott caan makes one off color joke that ends his whole career... out of caantext. #caantv
rt @sam_wiles scott caan realizes acting was his father's dream, starts auditioning for rockettes in so you think you caan dance? #caantv
@unclechuckface sorry dude. hope this helps:
thanks. just made my day much better! rt @ashershow @azizansari bit.ly/ra2dta #gifrequest
and to everyone responding about the bread beating, yeah we need a gif of that too. come on internet. #gifrequest #weneedthesecurbgifs
just once i'd like to hear "aziz, looks like you gained a few pounds! you must be eating a lot of delicious food. good for you."
"hey any way your baby can get on a later flight? i'm trying to sleep on the flight & your baby is gonna fuck that up." #reasonableask
the third in my series of #watchthethronecomics 
another from my new series of #watchthethronecomics. 
when my friends have fights w/their girlfriends, we txt each other #franklinandbash or #rizzoliandisles. (cause #tntknowsdrama).
30 minutes or less is a movie i'm in. its finally in theaters! go see it please. it'd mean a lot to me. rt pls. #30minsorless
thx everyone. this q&a will surely lead to 30 minutes or less crushing the box office like a motherfucker. #forrealthoughgo #ask30mins
beautiful girls. bruno mars ft bob. both parts. @mkvasir ur amazing at karaoke. what song do you do when ladies need impressing? #ask30mins
master of swagamonies @ entertainment 720 rt @hugeegosorry_99 what is your character on parks and recreations up to this season? #ask30min
curb and louie rt @mseliciapc what show do you watch that makes you laugh outloud? #ask30mins
fan: big fan of the show man. mcbride: thanks! fan: i hear ya on the jews too btw. mcbride: huh? what? oh no.. #ask30mins
ball so hard motherfuckers want to fine me!!! #gonnaquotethronelyricstiliseeaquestionilike
"you know what'd be hilarious?! let's air that lil bow wow basketball movie like mike all the time for a few weeks!" - hbo programmer
@bradleyorourke pics please
.@30minutesorless is in theaters this weekend. to make more ppl go, i will chat with @conanobrien tonight on tbs. watch!
@colinbrown_ haha, i know def gonna lose some followers today. smh.
@hydrophonics i thought that was sundays
jay z went through 48 bags of bugles during the recording sessions for watch the throne. #watchthethrone #fakebehindthescenes
@nastymantle i might be the most random person to ask about that.
"i saw zombieland with you, ben stiller was in it." "ma that's zoolander!" "oh. they both start with z." #momsbadwithmovietitles
harris & darwish in town for 30 mins premiere. dudes just rolled in rocking flip flops & a huge ass bag of cinnabon from the airport.
@aimee_lyn ouch unnecessary aziz slam in that @andersoncooper tweet. maybe anderson just doesn't have shit going on?
@brando415 animal!
i did an interview with @complexmag. you can read it here:
@shantirocks get everything - cubano, the reuben, oh fuck i'm so jealous. the coffee there is dope too. and the gelato. fucccckkkkk!
@heiidski yep. lost my license. i was so bored you should have said hi!
whoa. someone hacked my amazon account! what the fuck kind of thief steals a kindle copy of the greater journey by david mccullough?
stop everything you are doing! go listen to "otis" off watch the throne!!!! jay z and kanye, let's gooooo:
@vhollingshead thanks vanessa. yeah, i really miss lucien. first guy that ever passed me at a club or anything.
@gstakev no spoiler! just said he's the man. always believed it.
someone should make a youtube montage of badass gus moments & score it with "bustin' at em" by waka flocka.
hey @tuco, can you send me your tio's recipe for beef tacos? i can't make it out from the voicemail full of "dings" he left. #breakingbad
@kcharlie_mine just get season 1 dvd and start watching. trust.
@juddapatow y'all gonna hit up tgi friday's with the gorilla after?
@moonbiscuits gyros at aybla grill are dope too. and trust me, i'm pretty hard on gyros.
@joebeef i miss mtl too :(
@rightchandman happy birthday @rightchandman! kill it at flappers and if you don't, don't get discouraged.
"hmmm... let's not order a bunch of items and share." #idontlikeyourfatitude #dealbreaker #noseconddate #whydidibringyoutopfchangs
"rt @cheney303 what if she actually lived on 21 & lewis?" no way. my homey warren got robbed there. they took his rings & his rolex.
if i was on a date and girl said she wasn't a fan of above the rim or it's accompanying soundtrack, i'm out. #dealbreaker
@paulciampanelli i like lil doms!
instead of google news, i search smh on twitter to get a real sense of what's making people shake their heads in today's world.
@princessdaha you know me too well.
going to @youtube next week for #30minutesorless q&a. send questions to www.youtube.com/youtube & watch the live stream on july 6 at 4pm pt.
@camnavy @humblebrag i believe you mean @fatsobrag.
@thequeenrebel holy fuck this the best tweet ever
such a loveley night of christmassy entertainment from @peteregan6 , @robertdaws and amy robbins at @burghhouse1704 for @animalsasia
@b0ringtweets ok. let me know of that decision changes again.
@damanca cheers
@b0ringtweets i can't remember exactly but it went pretty smoothly. have you ever dreamt that you were crushing someone's head?
@dammitshannet cheers
@lbritoni :)
caption, please....
@ufc_2014 thank you
thank you for the amazing 5 star reviews. if i wasn't such a tough guy i'd cry :) 

@aemeroyitbarek cheers
@bennyskip cheers :)
"i had a bad dream. can i sleep in there tonight?"
i'm not a psychiatrist, but i'm pretty sure a few of you are using twitter as a sort of therapy. trust me. it isn't working.
@kiararah cheers
@pokerlifter cheers
@chunksnorris :)
@donuts_uk :)
@bvisconti: @britneyspears  i love the juxtaposition of these two posts.
@hm_helgesen thank you
@craddo :)
@colleenmenzies cheers
hey, there's no point in just sitting round feeling sorry for yourself. because no one gives a fuck. have a great day :)
new couch croakato
@britawards foregone conclusion of course :)
@heathergclement:  if you don't believe, why do you capitalize "god"? wouldn't you say "god"? i say santa too.
london now
@internetbt haha. thank you
the fantastic thing about believing in an afterlife is that you will never be disappointed. have a great day :)
"high 3"
new bath vid
@khal_thompson :)
@iancarrington happy birthday
@lbbjewelry thanks
@20manutd13 @gervaisfanart :)
@squeakypig :)
@b0ringtweets it's like a sandwich but instead of sliced bread, the cheese is placed between the 2 halves of a cut bread roll.
@gus_807: @rjmoeller atheists talk more about the bible than christians do. go figger. @tut5150 &lt;  that's because they've read it more.
@costner2 cheers
@mamarocco :)
@annieisarainbow cheers
@robinince how many chinese people do you have on the bill? it seems odd to not represent a sixth of the world's population somehow.
if you could bottle "happy dog" it would cure everything. i love it when their whole body wags. magical.
@nickyaacampbell cheers. my favourite episode.
@leahstivers1:  if god didn't create it, i don't want it" &lt; it's a good job he created twitter then.
@keyskong cheers
@joshmeatsix: one of my favourite shows, written by one of my idols. @rickygervais derek on religion
@mattsibson my first ever bath pic
@orangutanssos: thank you for helping us help the ultimate jungle vips!
this is may be tough for some to take but it's quite brilliant from the amazing @samharrisorg
hanging with @lilyhammer. @netflix. he said he wants to duet with david brent. hmmm?...let me think abou... yes!
@davidbrentmusic @shawnafeeley haha
greetings from la
@det_tigersgirl @derektvshow thank you
greetings from new york
mum, i got an a
@realromadowney @channel5_tv @thebibleuk recording it :)
@esarty :)
@cliff_m85 thanks for watching
i love new york
i wish people would stop saying religion is like a cancer. it's not. cancer sufferers don't go door to door forcing their cancer on you.
@reganneale cheers
@jennmccowan :) it's a good point.
here's my little chat with @thr
have a crazy weekend!
wakey, wakey! time to take on the world. have a great day...
#kindnessismagic
@smokewill cheers
@gervaisfanart haha
@bronnley thanksgiving bathpic
rt if you've ever noticed that invisible things, and things that don't exist, look exactly the same?
@jimboslicethat cheers
@ross_owen: congratulations to the cast of #derek on the nomination for best uk comedy. #kindnessismagic cheers
@dresserlook @mouthybroadcast :) cheers
keep the sanctity of marriage sacred. traditional, as it is explained in the bible: between a man and a thing made out of one of his ribs.
@screeninvasion my pleasure. your next feature is five awesome things about derek by the way ;)
bath vid: happy thanksgiving
@edwardgil1996 :)
@miniature_giant :)
@reganw97 brilliant
"there isn't another one..."
it's cold out. wear a cat
@dr_shafi88 stunning
@sarah_is_random :)
@stan_and_ollie haha. uncanny
@andiearchibald @derektvshow cheers
who are you.....crab police?
@bennettarron haha. true
@septemberdee @derektvshow :)
@josheydave @derektvshow haha. you're confusing him with kev.
@joseph_torpey haha
@jason_jones01 haha
@pkont: here you go gervais,
@chadpricemusic :)
"so, next door's cat loves blankets does he? and now, i wait"
@aussiewakegirl @derektvshow :)
rofl
no one knows that a god exists. but some choose to live their life by it and others choose to live their life by things they actually know :)
believing the earth is only 6000 years old, doesn't alter the fact that it's nearer 4.6 billion years old. but be my guest. it's funny :)
today we're making sausage rolls...
you don't follow me because the mere mention of my name annoys you, and then some bastard rts this tweet onto your time line.
"gimme a milk. no ice."
about 155,000 people will die today. better enjoy yourself and be nice to everyone just in case. have a great sunday :)
@mrchrisconroy:  @derektvshow too busy studying to go to town :-/ hopefully this counts!
@b0ringtweets yeah, good point.
@b0ringtweets with your eyes?
the biggest pet welfare petition of all time is about to reach its 100,000 target
"fuck the rules.."
amazing morning filming with kev and his brother, cliff. "he's got a face like a withered owl."
#derek2
@kevinpollak the sad thing is i'm quite flattered.
@lisetjes :)
@gilliannelson05 :)
@jbogue323 thank you
@jenlynl thank you
@2mum4  haha
@hmvreading: genius @rickygervais series @derektvshow buy it from his hometown store! #derekdvd
@jerramjustine @belikederek happy birthday
now it's dogs that look like me...
@cardboardconnor: you've really confused my mother... #textlikedougie
here is a new international trailer for my delightful little muppet movie:
london now
@jeheffiner: #textlikedougie @derektvshow 
here is a bit of @davidblaine freaking me out
@derekjax1 haha
these conkers have got faces
@evillagevibe @peteysokol @lauranestor4 great
see my flabber really gasted by @davidblaine tonight on his special "blaine:real or magic" 9.30c|8.30pm on abc (us) 
@darylberg :)
@lalondtm it's certainly a matter of degrees, yes.
@smithy123: karl pilkington and @rickygervais #derek face swap
@tobylagden @derektvshow :)
@stan_and_ollie @fatbarryshaunw haha
@b0ringtweets is it your favourite road in britain?
there's a big difference between the natural need for a species to kill and eat prey and just shooting an animal simply as a ghastly trophy.
@b0ringtweets is frankie being all outgoing and cheeky?
@evanleighk thank you
night twonks. up at twat o'clock tomorrow filming derek 2.
@tokyo_sexwhale haha
those people who, even if you tweeted a photo of a unicorn fucking a mermaid, would still tell you that your phone battery looked a bit low.
@georgygirlnyc: for you . from new york with love. #centralpark #catrock
dear new yorkers, i am missing you. please send me photos of my lovely city. especially the park and my upper east side hood. cheers
@susancbellamy :)
@saraannpaton  :)
@statouchaf thanks for spreading the word
hearing reports of derek dvds selling out around the uk. this simply means that the shops didn't fucking stock enough. sort it out :)
haha! some of this makes sense. but some of it really doesn't...
@ericschultz31 :)
@debsworldny magnificent
@charlietantrum @blamtheshow see it? i want to be in it!
@yayatowers:  @martin_lauri since when does killing a chicken count as hunting? what's next, a pre-packed steak? he fought a pork pie once
remember to pop on some clean underwear in case you get run over. have a great saturday :)
twitter definitely needs an irony font.
@phoebi_chanel thank you
@b0ringtweets her name was brenda.
#textlikederek has been my favourite thing on twitter ever. keep 'em coming, twonks. i need to sort out even more prizes i think :)
@museman73 :)
@tigress2002 brilliant
@theeternalsigh :)
@sillymidtom: . @derektvshow #textlikederek
@billybunte93:  i did what did he say?
@pantherinae2 mushy peas of course.
#textlikederek still going strong. i think i should send a couple of signed goodies to the best ones. @derektvshow
@balkanite87:  @derektvshow i think my friend @102megan thinks i'm insane! #textlikederek
@duffman89:  #textlikederek
@harrynebs @belikederek haha
@alexbrown1888: @rickygervais #textlikederek
@mitchellgeorgex haha
@danielle6981 :)
text something derek might say to a relative and screen shot their response. eg "mum, i loves ivor. he's got a tail like a sausage." rt
@craig_wegrzyn cheers
night twonks. i need to go to bed at twat o'clock because i'm filming derek 2. keep your tweets coming and i'll reply tomorrow :)
@lawsy34 :)
@danielattfield :)
@avadit_uptahir :)
@tommysafc33 :)
@hodders74 :)
@antitheistjoker :)
@bobbybanner :)
@jaywratten @rollingstone cheers
@alanfergs @c4derek @lbballoonqueen :)
@kiewall_ excellent :)
@inthelooptravel thank you :)
@lunnstar: my mum didn't get it haha! david is my other half :-(  #teamkindnessuk
by the way, my favourite #teamkindnessuk text will win a signed derek dvd :) #kindnessismagic
@derektvshow: @laurahamill1992: @rickygervais #worldkindnessday #teamkindnessuk
it's nearly impossible to not like @mrpeterandre
@lukasspencer: london, ontario today:
please rt this and help save an old lady's life
@hmvmaidstone: new release: hilarious and moving new comedy-drama.  we loves it! #kindnessismagic 
tweet a pic of yourself with the new derek dvd and be in with a chance of some goodies signed by this bunch of losers
the winners of the design a derek dvd poster are :
@robinince
ol brasil, eu te amo. obrigado por assistir derek no @netflixbrasil
the cast of derek signing series 1 dvds during the current filming of derek series 2
look at this if you want to have nightmares...
@jimski427 :) thank you
@rds999_ :) cheers
@bubbakibbe :)
"@drj0el #derek en @netflixlat es la primera serie que me saca una lgrima. ese @rickygervais es un genio " rt if this is a compliment :)
@delkasking thank you :)
@johnnyvegasreal: @rickygervais dad? haha
what did the zero say to the number 8? nice belt.
30% of the world are starving. 30% of the world are obese. the fat ones are eating the skinny ones food.
@b0ringtweets did pete say that after the person had forgotten something?
@b0ringtweets probably just going to have a quiet one to be honest.
only 6 days to go before you can own derek on dvd
@foreverfilthy :) cheers
we're bringing sexy back..
#derek2
@delphinus44 thank you
@tessflavoured :)
@macandrews good work :)
@jpintheldot lovely
@immattgiraud thank you
@kanaeishaeden @derektvshow @belikederek cheers
@villondotra @derektvshow :) thank you
@colin856 @derektvshow thank you
@virgilhiltz @derektvshow thank you :)
@tristessy @derektvshow :)
@billdubayoo :)
@wattsoup :) keep spreading the word.
@jawz_official keep spreading the word :)
a lot of binge watching derek on @netflix went on over the weekend. so many lovely comments flooding in from the great american public :)
@slowsportsnews we start filming second series tomorrow. cheers :)
@ajizzzle @vinnyddk excellent :)
@laurenmarie87 thank you
those people who argue with jokes on twitter.
"you shall not pass...grrr"
those people who respond to an animal charity tweet with "what about dying children?"
@alsoprano:  i feel like an idiot - i've always pronounced it gervais. haha. yeah some people make that mistake.
@b0ringtweets you did most of the talking didn't you.
einstein walked into a bar and bumped into himself on the way out.
@cardboardconnor: i've preordered derek... does it include the pilot? &lt; yes. and the "making of" and shit loads of outtakes.
"at least i'm not a hypocrite." - every hypocrite ever.
@b0ringtweets what would you do if you found out that garry had practiced a fire drill on your day off?
@jammy_jnr:  what would you do if there was proof that god created the world &lt; believe it of course.
you wanna mess with us?
@patheticpaulete damn. she's back. sorry
@michaelianblack: please refer to it as "mash" if you're going to be british. &lt; anyone telling me how to refer to mashed potato...
@genesiselijah: here's a little short film/music video i did for halloween. please have a butchers
i'm just sorta sittin' here comin' up with brilliant tweets n shit, yeah?
i've been working hard, i've been for a run, it's nearly xmas, and jane's away. ok?
here's a little song about how david brent lost his virginity
@ethansmith_1 :) sorry
tickets are on sale....now!
thanks for all your lovely comments and for spreading the word of derek. i'm trying to reply to you all individually, so please be patient :)
@wbcsays: you could renounce your rebel ways, join wbc and serve god in truth?"
is there an option 2? if it's eat my own feet i chose that :)
.@wbcsays can you share this bath sermon with your massive congregation? i big up baby jesus and everything. cheers 
@pcradio thank you
@jp_haynie thank you
@camwil29:  i know your big in the us but still use proper english please.   *you're
twitter needs an irony font.
@nickbreadnuts cheers
bath vid ii
when you are dead, you do not know you are dead. it's only painful and difficult for others. the same applies when you are stupid.
@b0ringtweets 'laugh' is probably a bit strong.
@b0ringtweets on a chair?
to coincide with the uk dvd release of derek on november 11th, karl pilkington was interviewed by james rampton
@samharrisorg look what's just arrived!
thinking that you're on speaking terms with god is like finding out you've been playing both parts in an episode of "catfish"
baby monkey riding backwards on a pig
thank you america for all your lovely comments about derek on @netflix
@coolpool79 that's going on the fridge.
@deanmckinney3 :)
to coincide with the uk dvd release of derek on november 11th, karl pilkington was interviewed by james rampton
@emilylenelson :) thank you
@willhackforfood cheers
@worryingoap my sniper has a laser sight if that counts?
ooh..look..
thou shalt not kill. death to abortionists! no, wait. i haven't thought this through.
@b0ringtweets i'd hang 2 coats on one peg until one coat really "screams out" to be thrown away. is there a green anorak for example?
@killian_berry thank you
@skillernandrew thank you
@ogunholder thank you
@lexlockdown :)
@ghostsingray :)
@joshkeown @mrdereknoakes :)
@russellhannah thank you
@prudylaf cheers
@mgizzy8 @derektvshow thank you
@charlie_penny1 correct
@onlyoneduff thank you
@improvidiot thank you
@behindthecouch @derektvshow :)
@archpolisoci :)
@onejohnmitchell keep spreading the word :)
@joe_clewes cheers
@meganlufmahone cheers
@louiseumulie thank you
@gary_garyadams1 cheers
if this pop video doesn't end all bigotry, then nothing will..
@mikewazza thank you
@dannyjnrroberts cheers
derek by day. brent by night. my weird wednesday.
@countrymousenyc @derektvshow :)
@b0ringtweets you're like john sessions or someone off eggheads or something. do other people call you things like that?
@kerryagodliman: rehearsals for derek today. big smiley face.
karl pilkington laughing
lovely comments still flooding in for #derek from all over the world. thank you. are you watching it for the 1st time or repeat viewing?
@brannigg @netflix_ca netflix did make the show. a co promotion with channel 4. just like extras was a co pro between hbo and bbc
ol brasil, eu te amo. obrigado por assistir derek no @netflixbrasil
@b0ringtweets pop that little incident in the diary so you remember exactly what happened on this day in years from now.
@belle_joy be my guest
@mirrorjeffers quite. always stay in the royal crescent. the height of aesthetic architecture.
a beautiful day in beautiful bath. and i met a cat.
bath pic
"no one enjoys a good laugh more than me, but jokes about that one particularly thing that offends me just aren't funny" - everyone
@guitarkadia one day, yes!
ol brasil, eu te amo. obrigado por assistir derek no @netflixbrasil
@jonnyb_1892 thank you :)
i'm expecting just over 5 million #ffs today. not too much to ask is it?
karl pilkington laughing
@mattsibson hahaha
as my old nan used to say "if you haven't got anything nice to say, then fuck off and be a cunt somewhere else." wise words nan. wise words.
karl pilkington laughing
@davylester thanks for spreading the word :)
@mindytilford :)
@kbrence :)
@b0ringtweets that's from where the rainwater has collected in dips in the ground.
dear @piersmorgan, your book arrived just in time :)
ooh chimpanzee that! 
look what cheeky monkey got the front cover of the "icons of comedy" book
@comedyquotestv i've lost all my grandparents and parents so preparing for those scenes was easy. if you know want i mean :)
@tomhills1994  it's not on uk netflix. it's on 4od
@ts3ljwal to show that we misjudge people. everyone feels pain, even if we like to think they don't.
@catstink: what's been your favourite/most memorable moment filming? #askderek &lt; the beach was pretty magical. and the rescue home pets.
@daveasq @hollidee @brettgoldstein @kerryagodliman yes. filming next month!
@ashisreally @belikederek yes but dougie is realer :)
@ole_king_close:" who does karl like more. you or derek? : #askderek &lt; it's a close call as we both stress him with questions and wrestle
@davencurrie you say that but sometimes i think that derek is the real me and i'm acting the rest of the time :)
killing it in widnes
@carla_freeman haha. cheers
tonight's the night. the hottest ticket in town. david brent and foregone conclusion. live!
@b0ringtweets what did it say?
@b0ringtweets yes. i hate that. i love sneezing. unless its due to some sort of incurable plague of course.
the worst thing about morons is, they don't understand just how stupid they are.
@naty_kingsbury thank you
@mizzyfu :)
a little q and a about charity
@b0ringtweets i'd have to check the footage back to attempt an educated guess. or you could call the production company.
i hate elitism. which is why i look down on everyone equally.
just because you're offended, doesn't mean you're right. some people are offended by mixed marriage, gay people, atheism. so what? fuck 'em.
have a great weekend
some people deserve to be offended.
@b0ringtweets have you stopped laughing yet?
@b0ringtweets did you get any toner on your hands?
#ff @aaronpaul_8 - he interacts with fans, does shit loads for charity, loves derek, breaking fucking bad!
statistically, only one of you will be murdered this week :)
wow! @jessamynduke vs. @rockypmma is one of the best fights i've ever seen. girl power indeed. 
#ultimatefighter
@b0ringtweets no. when i deviated i moved to a superior brand. i would never go back. unless i lost my job and house like hugh biddle.
@b0ringtweets yes. 3 times. in this particular case the "con" part of the title is short for "convict" and not "conditioning"
which is the one true god? 
vote now.
@thecalaverys :)
@_nicolenewman :)
only a couple more days left to vote for derek in the national tv awards

#bathpic
just because you have a shit life you shouldn't take it out on others. you should try to improve it. have a lovely day :)
about 156,000 people will die today. be nice to everyone you meet just in case. have a lovely tuesday you wonderful great apes.
@wlodge_39 :)
@dorianstaten thank you
text an elder asking "what's the most important thing you learned in life?" screenshot their response and tweet @belikederek. #textswithgran
@mrsnickyclark or at least stop teaching them in schools.
rt if you want the right to never be offended. or...
favourite if you 'd prefer to have freedom of speech.
night twonks
@deborahc87 cheers
@pietrash_no_h24 @netflix thank you :)
@eggsideburns @gervaisfanart cheers
@guillermina_d thank you
@ppabrigo @netflix tack
@drvitto @netflix thanks for spreading the word
@lukeemac thank you
@stephanieruns thank you
@papjr1989 keep spreading the word :)
@ryanjtam @netflix thanks
@b0ringtweets yes. ever put a red lightbulb in your room thinking it was cool until your mum told you that that's what prostitutes do?
@folkyjosh keep spreading the word :)
rt if you love that facts have no prejudice.
@rossjohnson1990 keep spreading the word :)
dear america, this is your daily reminder to watch #derek on @netflix tonight if you haven't already. have a wonderful saturday :)
kiddy fiddler on the roof 
#addawordruinamovie
@robbiepowpow keep spreading the word :)
@thesoup haha no, i hadn't noticed that.
@haydenherrera cheers
haha. i have the best followers in the world.
@lothlann88: one of my favourite articles on atheism @rickygervais 
this was just delivered. i'm counting it as another award. ok?
@finkgraphics keep spreading the word :)
sarcasm: a linguistic tool smart people use instead of hitting gorps in the face with a monkey wrench.
@samallard1ce @derektvshow :)
@john_w_jones  thank you
@alanwhitfield80 keep spreading the word :)
@michaelaistrup @netflix thanks for spreading the word
@familyhiggins :)
@deznzplace thanks for spreading the word :)
@campricetheory @onearsenewenger haha
@loose_id :)
enjoy "the making of derek" tonight australia. and don't forget you are the first place in the world to be able to buy the dvd today!
@b0ringtweets i don't know but i'm almost sure he wore glasses.
and remember, write about what you know
with all the hype in the us and australia, i feel i've neglected my nordic and dutch friends watching #derek on @netflix. how are you liking it?
@b0ringtweets that'll teach 'em.
@b0ringtweets yes. until they had to sell the medals when his dad was made redundant. they lost the house too eventually so it didn't matter
i've got a fantastic competition coming up for you to win david brent tickets. it's fun, it's for true fans and it's absolutely tout proof!
@justsayinapp: the first jetpack you'll be able to buy just got a slick new design
luckily, i held back a few pairs of tickets for various competitions for fans. there's still hope :)
australia!
the making of #derek is on abc this thursday, and the dvd is released the same day, before anywhere else in the world!
@johanjernkrok thank you
@sebasschroder thank you
@ilikeshiner @netflix keep spreading the word :)
dear @klout i've just seen that @piersmorgan has a score of 91. cancel my subscription.
@annemccoy:  how influential you are based on your social media but, who decides? and how? and why? haha. cheers though. :)
thanks to all of you who watched #derek and then raved about it. your word of mouth always has the best impact. cheers. @netflix
if you get a ticket to the bloomsbury gigs, you will be 1 of only 1000 people in the world to have ever seen david brent and his band live.
@hmarkn terrible
thank you again australia for welcoming #derek: laugh until you cry
this is the project i featured in derek where animals visit care homes and hospices. beautiful
@yiddo_potter_91 ouch
@uberfacts: shrimp is referred to as an abomination 4 times more than homosexuality in the bible. shrimps are ok but they shouldn't marry.
the view from my pad at the moment
please subscribe to my youtube channel wot i done for you
important message from david brent
@robrussell15 cheers
@b0ringtweets i've avoided all beautiful south concerts because i know everything after that in life would be an anti-climax.
@b0ringtweets what if he just preferred you to call him roger?
@s3anokane cheers
@b0ringtweets phew! quick thinking. what do you think caused the mistake in the first place?
thank you for over 100 five star reviews
@ts3ljwal @netflix thank you
@eckythump24 cheers
dear australia, your comments about #derek are nearly making me cry. stop it. it's still yesterday here and i'm trying to work.
i can't believe i've just been fired as marketing director of asda after one day.
@realdrewclarke thank you
@jacobjaffke thank you
@david_hepple: @rickygervais @jtimberlake why are you both so sweaty?&lt; we're bringin' sweaty back
@vickysmith1981 @mrdereknoakes thank you
thanks for all your lovely comments about the little piece on creativity wot i rit
@robinince this illustrates your point brilliantly
@rolandos99 yes. but not this year.
@b0ringtweets can i get back to you on this? i've just been attacked by a bear.
@b0ringtweets 7 on there now and she doesn't seem to be struggling.
@b0ringtweets ok, you can save that one, but all the others have to go and it will end famine for ever.
blasphemy: a law to protect an all-powerful, supernatural deity from getting it's feelings hurt.
@tvkev @piersmorgan when the best thing you can say about yourself is that you're better looking than clarkson, you know you're in trouble.
@piersmorgan i know everyone in the world has their own reasons, but why was clarkson hitting you, out of interest?
@tvanderyagt @magickingdom perfect!
@cgs77 cheers
@allons_y_dr cheers
@mrtonylaw  the biggest science is space and the smallest is atoms and stuff inside atoms. and stuff under microscopes. and baby insects.
@rlpoultney:  on paul daniels forehead. go for it.
so much love for derek from all over the world. thank you. you can vote for it here if you want too
@skeptichead haha. i think so yes.
some people think i'm joking about my roots. an iroquois woman married a french canadian lad in ontario many moons ago, on my dad's side.
@nostradamnisuck @fuzzatheist haha thank you
telling someone with mental illness to "pull themselves together" is as helpful as telling someone with aids to "just snap out of it"
twitter: where idiots get angry at things they chose to read.
every child is born believing in exactly the right god but then atheists start indoctrinating them with nonsense from an early...oh, hold on
night twonks.
this is the project i featured in derek where animals visit care homes as therapy. such mutual appreciation. lovely
most people i've met who weren't kind to animals weren't kind to people either. kindness is kindness. simple as that.
@eggsideburns: since i made this account, i've become confident in writing puns and experimenting with comedy." you've come out of your shell
@b0ringtweets how many questions had you asked?
mum, i got an a
statistically speaking, 9 of my followers will die in their sleep tonight. hope you had a great day.
@b0ringtweets i miss it a bit but thank god i have every telly addicts on vhs still. i must be the biggest telly addict of all! haha. hahaha
@b0ringtweets i'm not going to answer this until you answer my precious tweet.
listen you stupid cunds. don't fugging rt this stupid tweet or i'll spooge fest your brain holes with untweet blockage. twank biscuits.
anyone who rts this is a fucking idiot. i will rt anyone who rts this to show the world what a gorp you are. now, don't rt this. ok? #test
i will be using this hash tag in future to indicate that my tweet may contain irony or other comical tools: #itsajokeyoudopeycunt
look at this perfectly beautiful creature...
a little blog post you may be interested in if you're a fan of the office:
thanks for voting for derek
follow @davidbrent to get the venue and ticket info for the foregone conclusion gigs a day before everyone else. good luck!
this may be useful to people who tell jokes, or tweet their honest opinions on twitter. feel free to use it whenever
@sloughobserver bit busy at the moment but never say never :)
@olejorgenhansen: i voted in norway. derek will take it.
@b0ringtweets have you ever watched two trained men from dynorod clean a drain? they don't even need to communicate. like one organism.
thanks again for all your amazing comments about derek. i've never had a reaction like it and probably never will again.
@b0ringtweets did you have 1 or 2 slices of medium sliced white bread with it?
@b0ringtweets did you take something out or put something in?
la bath pic
@briannesuperbad thank you
a few deleted scenes that didn't make it into the show because we couldn't get through them without laughing
.@thetweetofgod it was quite a shock. i just never thought god would be so jewish.
@b0ringtweets if he absolutely had to, yes.
the most beautiful comments i've ever read for anything i've ever done are flooding in for derek. actually overwhelmed by your kindness :)
i think ollie is missing her dad
thank you again for tweeting about derek. if anyone is sick of me talking about the show please let me know. and i will block you :)
i love the fact that so many american's are happy to inform me that they were surprised i had a kind streak. no offence taken. haha.
@b0ringtweets yeah, big time. have you ever been on an escalator but still walked instead of just standing there? i have. in selfridges.
i'm reading all your beautiful tweets about derek and i'm nearly choking up. you are so kind. thank you
i have never had a reaction like the one i'm getting for derek. it's mental. it's actually quite overwhelming. thank you so much.
@i_hay haha
@bleeding_blueuk @netflix thanks for spreading the word
@b0ringtweets do you love going to buildings and establishments you've been to before and realising you already know where the toilet is?
@piersmorgan next you'll be saying that blind people shouldn't be allowed to drive. sicko.
@b0ringtweets i know a guy who did a 3 year apprenticeship to be a joiner, but then died in a motorcycle accident. waste of time wasn't it.
@realromadowney @markburnetttv @belikederek thanks guys. see you soon.
sleep now. no harm will come to you. not on my watch.
i think the reason some believers hate atheists is that we've ruined the ending for them.
not sure who this big mouth is, but he must be important because his chauffeur is jerry seinfeld.
@b0ringtweets once. i didn't hand it to him exactly, he just held out his sack and i put it in. i gave a road cleaner some litter once too.
@martinguitar @todayshow @netflix cheers
just chatted about my show #derek with nyt reporter @ditzkoff. if you missed it, tune in here:
@b0ringtweets i don't think so. he's a tv magician. although i did know someone who worked in a shop once.
@ross_owen cheers
this should cheer you up
stop worrying about how many followers you have and what other people are saying and just tweet all the things you've ever wanted to say ;)
@mrsnickyclark thats all i ever do.
@gervaisfanart haha. that scene took fucking ages. 20 takes i'd say before no one laughed.
@callumlydon haha. slim chance i'm afraid :)
@joeoultram: @ #eggwithsideburns &lt; ah, of course.
@rallycameraman:  definitely going to be #gervaisisafuckinggenius &lt; i'll certainly try to start that one :)
@warwickrickyfan ah yes, of course.
@jacob_dr thank you
haha. look what i just saw...
@b0ringtweets what type of tree?
everyone has the right to hold any belief. and anyone else has the right to find that belief fucking ridiculous. have a lovely sunday :)
@taragadomski @derektvshow great pic. thanks
@jaackmaate just carry on as you are. build your followers. and they will come.
@b0ringtweets i'm much more worried about him surviving but having no jaw or nose and eyes....weeping through two black holes in his head.
best name ever
thank fuck it's fat baby hedgehog friday
so lucky to tour with these funny comedians: @natebargatze @nickthune @thezog and @julezmac.
fun backstage with horatio!! (bonus zog eyes photobomb.) #losangeles #nokia #cleancutcomedy
loading up on some dick's before the show tonight. #paramount #seattle
@princeamukamara: . @jimmyfallon let the roast begin
happy thanksgiving everyone!! fun show tonight with @iamrashidajones, @carrieunderwood and music from @arianagrande. #latenight #lnjf
i had fun with the kids at @stjude with @savannahguthrie and @todayshow
tonight we've got @thehungergames' josh hutcherson, founder of the improv budd friedman and music from @kelly_clarkson!! #latenight #lnjf
colbert and fallon: bfffomn!  (best friends forever for one more night!) this sun. 11/24 -  njpac 8pm -  
good morning!! today is going to be your lucky day!
.@jtimberlake got any ideas? december 21st snl
tonight we've got @forestwhitaker, our pal @andy cohen showing off his new shotski and music from @cutcopy. fun show. #latenight #lnjf
honored to be part of the show tonight. hello boston!
last night, ice-t (@finallevel) and i had some fun with the new @playstation 4.
tonight we've got ice-t (@finallevel), a demo of the new @playstation 4 and music from @thomasrhett. #latenight #lnjf
thank you to @mariahcarey  and all of the lambs:
@timadamsphilly: would this beat your secret service coin? will it at least get me in the same bar!!
did one of the funniest bits with @billycrystal tonight. #lipflip #stillfoolinem
@govchristie people really seem to looooove that room. youre electric! get it? okay sorry.
the decision. (american or lafayette coney) #detroit #both
id have the power to throw nails so i could work with thor to build a house. #mysuperpower
@paulteutulsr: you up for the #noshavenovember challenge? @occhoppers sorry, it takes me at least a month to grow facial hair. decembeard?
@mwilmes: @jimmyfallon no commercials? weak fallon. oh yeah! commercials too!! thanks.
we're back tonight with simon baker, @senjohnmccain and music from the dismemberment plan (@thedplan). #latenight #lnjf
thank you, nyc marathon, for letting marathon runners do the one thing they love most: tell people they ran a marathon. #thankyounotefriday
tonight we've got harrison ford, @padmalakshmi and music from @bigsean ft. kid cudi. #latenight #lnjf
congratulations boston!
74% of americans hand out candy to trick-or-treaters. the other 26% spend 3 hours hiding in the living room with the lights out. #fallonmono
tonight @pearljam is back again!! they perform + i talk with eddie. plus, javier bardem and it's #thankyounotefriday! #latenight
soooo many choices - but i went with dalessandro's. made with love. thanks philly!
also tonight, we're playing a game with @edwardnorton and talking with my pal @juddapatow. gonna be a good show. #latenight #lnjf
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a funny rap about halloween and tag with #halloweenrap. could be on our show!
hey guys, send us funny screengrabs you find online. well put our favorites on the show. submit here:
saw bad grandpa last night. hilarious, irreverent and totally charming. congrats to @realjknoxville and everyone at @dickhouseworld.
rt@thewritenotes: check out @chriscornell and @theavettbros cover of @pearljams footsteps
jumping bear
.@drewbarrymore you ready?
@dougiedancing: thank you for bringing your comedy tour to tampa!! you were all hilarious and i had a blast!! best night ever &lt;3 thanks!
goodbye tampa!! thank you for the cuban sandwich. it's awesome!!
.@wesh ill be on in 2 minutes!!
thank you atlanta and the varsity and fo's and benny benson.
.@bradpaisley thanks again buddy. #biym
thank you st. louis!!! first night of clean cut tour - so fun!! great city.
tonight we've got @katyperry, @jessseinfeld and music from @brianwilsonlive and @jeffbeckmusic. #latenight #lnjf
starbucks in the uk are selling a new half-donut, half-muffin pastry called the duffin. beats the other name for it: the muffnut #fallonmono
tonight: alan rickman, @chloegmoretz and, straight from norway, @ylvis doing a live performance of "the fox"!! #latenight #whatthefoxsay
#accents
@customer_12: @jimmyfallon @paulmccartney so jealous! is he taking requests?? its honestly insane right now. this is brilliant.
snl miley now.
@awilliamson7 that was fun. see you soon!
tonight: my pal @mariobatali is back on the show!! plus @meredithvieira and your #momtexts tweets in late night hashtags! #latenight #lnjf
i once got a text from my mom that said, "how do you turn caps lock off??" #momtexts
@courtneybayne cute kid!
rewind and watch again. its great. #lorde
the avett brothers sing heavy metal
just a glimpse of what goes on behind the scenes of rehearsal at our show. this is from last friday.
tight! tight! tight! #breakingbadfinale
rt @gqmagazine: our friend j fallon wins for the best @breakingbad_amc parody ever:
haven't done one of these in a while.  

also il volo is sold out tonight. so... come watch late
"ew!" with me and @lindsaylohan
me, @sesamestreet and the roots sing the "sesame street" theme with
classroom instruments.
me and @jtimberlake show you what a twitter conversation sounds like in real life. #hashtag
.@jtimberlake #hashtag #twentytwenty
we're back with a new show tonight! @hitrecordjoe, @stephenmerchant and music from @theavettbros!! #latenight #lnjf
hey @tim_cook. fyi i went with the champagne gold.
download the new @elviscostello album featuring @theroots wise up ghost on itunes right now.
piatas
my teacher used to call quizzes "quizzicles." you don't want to know what he called "tests." #myweirdteacher
tonight: @jtimberlake is back for another #timberlaketuesday!! plus, orlando bloom and music from @elviscostello and @theroots. #latenight
watching my pal @iamqueenlatifah right now. so fun. congrats la!!! #queenlatifah
tonight we're playing charades with scarlett johansson and @drake, music from @drake ft. sampha and it's #thankyounotefriday. fun. #latenight
.@rickygervais was so funny last night. here he is answering questions from his "twonks".
here we go. #jokingbad part 2!
anthony weiner flipped off reporters after losing last night. then new yorkers said, "hey, maybe he is the right guy for mayor! #fallonmono
hashtag game! tweet out something weird or funny about a roommate you've had and tag with #myroommateisweird. could be on our show!
obama had 2 separate lunches with republicans and democrats today. then chris christie said, maybe i do want to be president. #fallonmono
martin short is always funny.
hey guys! @rickygervais is on our show wednesday and he'll be answering twitter questions from fans. tweet yours and tag with #askricky!
okay, @millionseconds i got the app and im good at it. but does knowing @ryanseacrest make me ineligible? #msq #ithinkthisshowwillwork
thank you, flamingos, for being swans that are stuck in the 80s. #thankyounotefriday
the ravens play the broncos in the nfl opener tonight. yeah, 3 hours of peyton manning  and that's just the commercials. #fallonmono
special hashtag game! steve buscemis on the show, so tweet something funny/weird you want him to say and hell say it! tag w/ #makebuscemisay
we are back with a brand new late night tonight in our new studio!! (it looks like the old one. but ill explain tonight.) see ya!
just remembering a deece capri sun moment with my man @justinbieber.
catching up on inside @amyschumer season one on apple tv. its great.
honored to present @jtimberlake with the michael jackson video vanguard award tonight. #aintnolie #vmas
@higgyg23: without people like jf i wouldnt create stuff like this. thanks jim

thank you, @savannahguthrie. pie to come.
coming in september #jokingbad #breakingbad #talkingbad #latenight
on my way to see #elvisduran and @elvisduranshow @ rockefeller center. its too early man. good morning?
@everyday418: @jimmyfallon you mean to tell me your favorite player isnt nomar???? oh  yeah. hes my man too.
a lost orson welles film was just found, called "too much johnson." anthony weiner said, great, now what do i call my memoirs? #fallonmono
a study found most americans don't want to live to 120. but there's one group that does want to live to 120: people who are 119. #fallonmono
tonight on the show: @amandaseyfried, fran lebowitz and music from @bretteldredge. #latenight #lnjf
tonight: @janefonda, steve and monica ward from vh1's "tough love", music from @headandtheheart + @nilerodgers sits in with the roots. #lnjf
tonight @robinthicke returns to perform "blurred lines" live + @bryancranston, @common and miranda hart!! #latenight #lnjf
everybody get up! listen for @blackthought s new rhymes just for this version! blurred lines.
21-9 #prince
.@simonpegg as "drunk ron weasley"
if you have never heard of a cronut - you will after tonight. a donut but better. new yorkers will tell you - game changer.
thank you @bradpaisley, for doing a bit tonight. it will make the world a better place. #biym #funtimes
nbc announced a new miniseries about hillary clinton, starring diane lane as hillary. or as bill put it, can i play myself? #fallonmono
tonight we've got @lievschreiber, @andersonanthony and music from @imaginedragons!! #latenight #lnjf
hi.
my mom used to make me drink beef blood to get stronger. every time she made roast beef, it was like game of thrones. #parentfail
kate middleton went into labor this morning. when the rest of the royal family heard, they said, "oh my god -- what's 'labor'?" #fallonmono
trending 2 and 3. come on west coast!! (san fran) #havemercy #jesseandtherippers
i love that #havemercy is trending. #jesseandtherippers is on #latenightfallon right now!!
tonight: jesse and the rippers perform on late night!! #latenight #fullhouse
so psyched about the emmy nom. also our musical guest this friday night is jesse and the rippers. #emmy
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out something funny about how hot it is and tag with #itssohot. could be on our show!
great live version of goody two shoes by adam ant (@adamaofficial)
thanks to new york @mets' @mattharvey33 for doing a bit with us tonight. you've got a great career in comedy ahead of you my man.
best dining experience ever! 11 madison park in nyc. the. best. props to will, chef humm and kit.
tonight on the show: #grownups2's salma hayek pinault, charlie day and chef april bloomfield! plus, your #fakejayzlyrics! #latenight #lnjf
it's someone's birthday today. happy 1st birthday to my dog gary!! #happybdaygary
good show tonight: @davidspade, @krisjenner and music from @_mudhoney. #latenight #lnjf
annd were back!
all new late night starting tonight!!! #latenight
@kristenspada happy birthday!
thanks everyone for your "gaming with my mom" videos and thanks to your awesome moms. 
new game called "15 seconds of fame" send funny video tagged w/ #fallon15
walking out of the ocean trying to look cool. huge wave knocked me over and pulled my shorts down. bloody knees, out of breath etc. #beachfail
tonight @jerryseinfeld performs stand up and @icecube performs it was a good day such a fun show. #latenight
happy fathers day to my dad and also to my biological father @kanyewest. #happyfathersday
frog lawn mower
shout out to #crazynicecanada
slow jam the news with @govchristie 
a stranger tried to give my mom the heimlich when she was choking, and my dad said, "mind your own business." #dadquotes
tonight on @latenightjimmy: @govchristie, @jennettemccurdy, @mariobatali and sons benno and leo.  its gonna be fun. #latenight
play a video game with your mom and youtube it. could be on the show! #gamingwithmymom #videogameweek
future hat head courtesy of my new best friend @russellcrowe. #manofsteel
bri wi raps warren g (@regulator)
the nsa has been collecting the records of verizon customers. which explains verizon's new ad campaign, they can hear you now. #fallonmono
brian williams sings snoop. thanks @jmacmusic.
tiger woods is signing a new deal with nike. which explains nikes new slogan: just do it...but do it more discreetly this time. #fallonmono
@stereogum: watch @savagesband absolutely wreck shop on @jimmyfallon
starbucks is banning smoking within 25 feet of its stores. it's tricky since every starbucks is 25 feet from another starbucks. #fallonmono
serious thanks to hair dept, makeup, wardrobe, sets and our writers and directors.
happy birthday to our awesome producer @gavinpurcell!! have a great one.
right now nbc!
tell people to watch.
.@josswhedon fun time tonight. thank you.
.@80miles game of desks #gameofdesks
game of desks tomorrow on late night. #gameofdesks
high school dropout david karp sold tumblr for $1.1 billion. or as high school guidance counselors put it, "today's gonna suck!" #fallonmono
we're nominated for a critics' choice television award!  so happy and proud.  we have such an amazing team. 
game of desks day 2. airs this friday on late night. thanks to amazing wardrobe, hair, makeup and sets.
fun shoot today. look for game of desks this friday on late night. #gameofdesks
fun friday show tonight! new game with @zoesaldana, chris o'dowd (@bigboyler), music from de la soul and #thankyounotes. #latenight #lnjf
my date went tanning the night before. i did not. i looked like powder. #awkwardpromstory
tonight! matt lauer (@mlauer), @kenjeong and music from phoenix! plus, an all new wheel of carpet samples! #latenight #lnjf
thank you, my 9th grade english teacher mrs. garrison, for totally spoiling the end of "the great gatsby movie 26 years ago. #thankyounotes
on tonight's show: jane lynch, @gameofthrones's nikolaj coster-waldau, more music from @ladyantebellum and your #momquotes! #latenight #lnjf
tonight! our pal rachael @maddow returns to the show + @startrek's @zacharyquinto and great music from @ladyantebellum!! #latenight #lnjf
@crushabledotcom: this @stevemartintogo entrance on @jimmyfallon is the best thing you'll watch today
thank you, cinco de mayo, for being spanish for cancel tomorrow. #thankyounotefriday
tonight! zach galifianakis (@galifianakisz) + isla fisher + advertising legend george lois + music from @iconapop.  #latenight #lnjf
google glass lets users send tweets with their eyes. your hands remain completely free  or as anthony weiner put it, jackpot!#fallonmono
the price of gold has recently fallen to its lowest level in over two years. yeah, even mr. t was like, "i pity myself?" #fallonmono
packed show tonight! @rebelwilson, anthony @bourdain, @thegarybusey and stand-up from @unforettable! #latenight #lnjf
.@mariobatali waiting online for the @crocs signing on spring st. today! #jibbets
fun show tonight: @susansarandon, anthony mackie, music from @the_national and your #mydoctorisweird late night hashtags. #latenight #lnjf
hashtag game! tweet out something weird, funny, or embarrassing about your doctor and tag with #mydoctorisweird. could be on our show!
@itslindseeey: all i can say is the tumblrsphere is blowing up because of your #time100 pictures. congrats again! :d thanks.
tonight! ny giants qb eli manning + comedian @adamferrara + new music from @phosphorescent. #latenight
.@savannahguthrie we will have red bull waiting. great job this weekend.
good answer. #pointless #uk
thank you, people who say the phrase, i really shouldnt, for letting me know youre about to eat a lot of my fries. #thankyounotesfriday
great show tonight! vince vaughn, @amyschumer, @joshuatopolsky, music from @majorlazer and your #mypetisweird instagrams. #latenight
tonight, @jonasbrothers get a visit from their biggest fan. #latenight
unlike obama and kerry, biden hasnt given up 5 percent of his salary. he said, look, i kept my room clean. that was the deal. #fallonmono
president obama says he was joking when he said kamala harris is the best looking attorney general in the country. (1/2)
dunkin donuts' new breakfast sandwich is eggs and bacon in a glazed donut. their new slogan: america runs out of breath on dunkin#fallonmono
today was one of the most exciting days of my life. i read every tweet and every post and i thank you.
tonight: alec baldwin (@abfalecbaldwin) + @gameofthrones' emilia clarke + celeb apprentice's @omarosa + music from @janellemonae. #latenight
honored to be part of @espn salute to abbot and costellos whos on first march 31 on baseball tonight 6pm et. #bbtn
rewind it and watch it again. #chickeneers #hohey
since we are off tomorrow - thank you notes are tonight on late night!! turn on nbc now. thanks.
tonight: @tylerperry, @nick_offerman, @thomfilicia and great music from @blakeshelton. plus, early for easter thank you notes!!! #latenight
good show tonight. ice-t (@finallevel), chris hardwick (@nerdist), music from @littlegreencars + darts of insanity! #latenight
watch late night tonight!! brand new shows all week! #nbc
on this edition of #nightnewsnow: everyone is really just six degrees away from @kevinbacon. @barrysobel
tonight on the show: @kevinbacon, elizabeth mitchell from "revolution", gary dell'abate aka @robertabooey and music from @sigurros. #latenight
scientists in the uk have named a species of dinosaur after the 5-year-old girl who discovered its fossils. (1/2)
i bet my friend that orko from he-man never spoke. i was wrong. 20
bucks. #worstbetever
obama and biden were both out of the country today. on the bright side, sasha and malia managed to talk the gop into a budget deal. #fallonmono
fun show tonight - nicolas cage, @birbigs, celebrity apprentice's @latoyajackson and a performance from @kipmooremusic. #latenight
.@jtimberlake is amazing on late night tonight. talented human. #justintimberweek #nbc
tonight: day 4 of #justintimberweek! more music and fun with @jtimberlake. plus, @katiecouric, freddie highmore and #latenight hashtags.
it was announced today that miley cyrus and her fianc, liam hemsworth, broke up. yep, he cited "irreconcilable haircuts." #fallonmono
the ragtime gals (ft @jtimberlake) perform a barbershop version of "sexyback"
the mets bucket hat guy meets the overly attached girlfriend.
#justintimberweek is this week on late night. see you then.
@michaelianblack got it.
.@harryconnickjr welcome to twitter!
huge show tonight!! @mariahcarey and prince in the building! #latenight
my pal tina fey is on the show tonight! also, bill nighy and music from @bobmould. #latenight
hashtag game! celebrity apprentice starts soon so tweet a funny or embarrassing story about a time you got fired and tag with #howigotfired.
last night, the oscars lasted over 3 hours and 40 minutes. even jennifer lawrence's dress was like, that's way too long. #fallonmono
nice night for long haired men. #oscars
"evolution of mom dancing" with michelle obama (@flotus)
so honored to have @flotus on the show tonight. weve got to have a competition for her #letsmove campaign and this time, im gonna win.
#thewho
looking forward to spending a week with my friend @jtimberlake march 11 - 15. #latenight
new episode of guys with kids on nbc in fifteen minutes. check it out.
tonight! @iamdoncheadle, @iamjohnoliver, music from @keshasuxx + audience suggestion box and puppies pick the oscars! #latenight
good show tonight: artie lange (@artiequitter), @alisonbrie and music from @tameimpala. #latenight
tonight we've got the great @joan_rivers, we're playing bubble soccer with @mrjoshcharles and music from @glorianatheband. #latenight
need a date for valentine's day? the cupid's arrow video dating service can help you out.
hashtag game! tweet out a funny, weird, or embarrassing story about a date you've been on and tag w/ #awkwarddate. could be on our show!
i refuse to get sick. #flu2013
preview of the #sotu address. boehner is very emotional. #clydesdales 
i cant believe i just won a grammy!  not bad for a guy who was kicked out of one direction. #grammy
kathy griffin's "kathy griffin: seaman 1st class"


good luck @questlove and the roots for best rap for undun!! love you guys. #grammy #undun
@rules_unbornson: @jimmyfallon blocked in kuwait too. cmon jimmy, bring us peace in the middle east! i love peace. im on it.
@larryeisele: @jimmyfallon @benjaminapple weirdest maybe, but definately funny thanks larry!
the weirdest sketch weve ever done - written by @benjaminapple is about to appear.hope you enjoy: mans head on a pigs body. #pigman
thank you diagram of chocolates on the inside of the whitmans sampler box for being like treasure maps for fat people. #thankyounotefriday
tonight: @joelmchale, @alroker and music from @mattpondpa! #latenight
here's part one of our new episode of downton sixbey. part two airs tonight!
russell brand reads "star magazine" with @rustyrockets 
thanks to @kellyripa for lending us @markconsuelos for guys with kids. he plays a manly manny. wednesday at 8:30 nbc.
yahoo!!! #steerthescript
to get ready for the game tomorrow, check out the late night superfan supercut by all of you and the @gregorybrothers!
this weekend is super bowl and groundhog day. but this year, if the groundhog sees his shadow it means 6 more kids for dan marino. #fallonmono
our #steerthescript ad for @lincolnmotorco airs sunday! here's a preview. more tomorrow!
tonight: jude law, @miketyson, @joshuatopolsky demos the oculus rift, music from @badreligion. and michael bolton (@mbsings) + @theroots.
slow jam the news: debt ceiling
my #firstpost on vine
welcome @danacarvey and @robinwilliams to twitter!! #sanfranlegends #lovethis
arnold @schwarzenegger showed me some of his never-before-seen dvd commentaries last night.
great show tonight. the legendary arnold @schwarzenegger, @maggieq and new music from @michaelkiwanuka. #latenight #notatumor
i went to see the lizzie mcguire movie on opening night and i was
disappointed that miranda wasn't in it. #iadmitit
new show on in 5 minutes!! @charliesheen @emmyrossum turn on nbc. thanks. #latenight
gonna drop some knowledge with my man @charliesheen tonight on late night.
back on the east coast and back with new show tonight with uma thurman, @timgunn and @bobbycollins! #latenight
rt @billmaher: oh fuck, @jimmyfallon and i wound up exchanging the same re gifted gifts we re gifted last year!
tonight, i've got the cast of @nbc30rock - tina, alec, tracy, jane and jack - to talk about their favorite moments from the series. so fun.
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something stupid someone did that made you want to say #slapyourself. could be on our show!
time to take a look at the news of the now, the news of today, and the news of the now. its time for night news now!
our lincoln mkz commercial shoots soon! watch for this guy -- based on a tweet by @allenfabijan. #steerthescript
beard. might shave it on the show tonight. in stages. what is your favorite facial hair looks? #beard
mini-cosby show reunion tonight! the great @billcosby + @nbcguyswithkids' @tempesttbledsoe. also, music by @gracepotter and thank you notes.
fred armisen and i improvise a few songs from our past bands with @theroots making up the music. tonight. #latenight
let's play the hashtag game! tweet a funny, weird, or embarrassing gym story you have and tag with #myweirdgymstory. could be on our show!
went to a new comedy club called @thestandnyc on 20th and 3rd tonight. great comedians. thanks for a good night.
i see the united states of america. what do you see?
@genesdaughter i hate getting scared\suprised. ha.
your tweets helped #steerthescript - we shoot the lincoln mkz spot in 2 weeks. ill send updates. heres a few we liked
thanks to my pal @daymdrops for doing this for our show.
hashtag game! tweet a funny or embarrassing holiday tradition you and your family have and tag w/ #weirdholidaytradition. could be on our show!
watch guys with kids with your family tonight at 8:30 eastern/7:30 central on nbc! #guyswithkids
congrats to @juddapatow and @perlapell on this is 40. the movie is hilarious. so many quotable scenes. great work.
almost 8 mil views for "all i want for christmas is you" w/ @mariahcarey and @theroots?! thanks everyone for watching it!
also your #newholidaysongs were so good. see which ones we picked tonight.
thank you all for donating tonight. keep it coming. thanks again. 1-855-465-4357. #121212concert
let's play the hashtag game! come up with a holiday version of a song
title and tag with #newholidaysongs. could be on our show!
an mit professor said windows 8 is a gift you should get for someone you hate. so you've got competition, edible arrangements! #fallonmono
seasons greetings from the white house. #bo
@fabioviviani great. a french chef said you can make a good burger. get back to me when danny meyer says something. #boorger
buble hums the holidays
tons of great stuff coming in! next up: what's the funniest or best quote you've heard on a road trip? #steerthescript
of all of the happiest moments in my life - playing with my dog for 10 minutes is up there.
mayor bloomberg announced that nyc will hold a contest to redesign the citys payphones. the top prize: a brand new walkman! #fallonmono
thank you so much! mt @mariahcarey my festive "all i want for christmas is you" collabo with @jimmyfallon and @theroots!!
reminder: we're back tonight with keira knightley, @davejmatthews + music from dmb. also, celebrity whispers and a special guest. #latenight
new shows all week starting tonight with keira knightley and @davejmatthews. feels good to be back!
good morning.
great show in 26 min: amy poehler, @aliciakeys sings the gummi bears theme + #girlonfire and a new thanksgiving bothered! #latenight
mitt romney was just spotted at disneyland. you could tell it was romney because he spent a ton of time with snow white... (1/2)
@dulcearresmusic yep.
let's play the hashtag game! come up with a thanksgiving version of a song title and tag w/ #newthanksgivingsongs. could be on our show!
fun show tonight! dame helen mirren, @carsondaly, nintendo's reggie fils-aime with a new mario game for wiiu and music from @miguelunlimited!
let us play with your look: @lindsaylohan edition
@stephhachey: i can't believe i spent $800 on this diamond collection @jimmyfallon worth it!
turn on nbc at 8:30 to see an all new guys with kids. thank you.
brooklyn, i'm coming to root for you. #nets
tonight: @chelseahandler, boardwalk empire's charlie cox, music from @meekmill + @theroots and the return of wax on wax off! #latenight
@schultecourtney done.
rt @wskg: you usually see him late night, but today you can see @jimmyfallon bright and early on @thisoldhouse! 9am wskg tv
tonight: i go head-to-head in water war with robert pattinson + @carrieunderwood reveals some old footage of a band we used to be in. #fun
great show tonight: kristen stewart, @pharrell williams, music from @nownowband and the return of the amazing kreskin. #latenight
rt @govchristie: we've set up @sandynjrelief to assist after this storm. 4 more info on how to help/donate:
gonna be fun!! 20 minutes away rt @therealxtina: backstage at fallon. tune in to see what @jimmyfallon, the roots and i put together.
performing tonight with @billyjoel and steven tyler (@iamstevent) for the @nbc hurricane #sandy telethon. tune in tonight at 8/7c. #sandyhelp
.@feedingamerica is doing so many great things for people affected by #hurricane #sandy. rt
happy halloween! part two:
15 halloween costumes you shouldn't dress your kids in by @gloriafallon123
here is tonights hurricane sandy cold open + monologue:
midtown nyc is empty, but we are still doing a live show! @sethmeyers21, @padmalakshmi and @imaginedragons #la
tonight: ethan hawke, @vanderjames,
@deronwilliams from @brooklynnets + new music from the xx. #lnjf #friday
new halloween episode of guys with kids on tonight 8:30 on n b c.
tonight: the great @rodstewart, @jenmorrisonlive and stand-up comedy from @chrisdelia. plus, night news now!
bonus @wutangclan from last night: web-only "protect ya neck" w/ @blackthought killing it filling in for missing wus.
biden interrupted ryan 82 times during last nights debate. even the ladies from the view were like, dude  wait your turn! #fallonmono
rt @goldietaylor: watching guys with kids. funny stuff from @jimmyfallon thank you.
"mister romney's neighborhood"
lte is faster than my wifi in my home. is that normal? i need help.
hey @benaffleck, in the trailers you look like an adult, but the movie is set in 1979, when you were only 7. i mean, whaaat? #argo
#jcarly
icarly now!! nickelodeon. #latenight meets #icarly
president obama promises to be a lot tougher on romney in the next debate. which explains obamas new debate coach: nicki minaj. #fallonmono
tonight: daniel craig, archie panjabi, @theresacaputo the long island medium + music from animal collective. and an early clip on the way.
hashtag game! tweet something funny or weird someone you know has said that can't possibly be true and tag w/#factcheck. could be on our show!
history of tv theme songs hit a million. thanks!
@dougiedancing: @jimmyfallon @katieshow @katiecouric what time is it on? 4 minutes. (in ny)
tonight the mustaches of ron swanson and yosemite sam battle in the ultimate mustache fighter octagon. @nickofferman has created a monster!
check out @jerryseinfeld's great web series comedians in cars getting coffee.
#guyswithkids starts in 5 minutes. on nbc.
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a funny, weird or embarrassing
mistake you've made and tag w/ #oopsmybad. could be on our show!
@kellyandmichael that was abuse. im planning our next game as i tweet. thanks again!! #guyswithkids wed 8:30 nbc.
emmys tonight. send good viiiiiibes. 

(that my tux fits.)
mitt romney is appearing on the view. its smart since its the one place where its impossible for him to say anything. #fallonmono
happy birthday to @chefsymon @mariobatali and adam west.
do people call facebook wall posts wallings? cause thats what i meant.
my friends @bigandrich have a new album out today called #hillybillyjedi. download this you will.
tonight: the always excellent @susansarandon, dredd 3d's karl urban and comedy from @jim_hamilton. plus, models and buckets. #gotthatbuckethat
the new trailer for "lincoln" is cool but daniel day-lewis made a strange choice for lincoln's voice.
swapping celebrities' heads with other celebrities' bodies. head swap with @ellenbarkin!
thanks for watching! #guyswithkids love you guys.
its on!!! #guyswithkids #nbc
tonight: amy adams, @nbcnews's @davidgregory, pro golfer @mcilroyrory and music from florence and the machine (@flo_tweet)! #lnjf #nowwithlte
if you havent seen our james taylor parody of fire and rain here it is: romney and bain
@mikedicenzo: must-watch: james taylor, doing a "fire and rain" parody about the rnc and dnc:
@ryanhobler nice working with you pal
my roommate used to bring his own toilet paper into the bathroom because he didn't want to share it. #thatsmyroommate
i have to start working on my @juliancastro. (honestly hes much better looking than me)
hchm hchm check check... is this thing on?
more magazines are photo-shopping models to make them look heavier. in response the models said, or you could just let us eat. #fallonmono
nicki minaj may join mariah carey next year on american idol. or as randy jackson put it, not the 'minaj' i was hoping for. #fallonmono
@danwarp when do our icarly episodes air? #suspense #icarly #dayum
ha! im loving these pictures. thank you broadway!! #sip
the silversun pickups asked romney to stop using their song panic switch." or as he put it, "guess i'm back to call me maybe!" #fallonmono
i promise to make one direction go in two, possibly three, directions. #mycampaignpromise
new show tonight w/ @kathielgifford, (t.i.) @tip, @hopesolo and @godfreycomedian. #latenight
facebook has a new feature that lets friends know you're expecting a baby. just another way to let people know you got poked. #fallonmono
i think i'm going to have a good flight home. #goodbyelondon
im on bob costas tonight at midnight nyc time. #olympics #nbc
@tonykanal: forgot to tweet this strangely incredible photo from last week @nodoubt
reminder: we are on super late tonight because of olympics so change dvr times. thanks!
tweet my guests: @billcosby
@fred_willard and @nodoubt!!
new show tonight with bill cosby, fred willard and no doubt!!!!! #latenightonlateagain
gracias for watching the special last night. here we go
neil and bruce.
slow jam on nbc
i was so scared to harmonize with him. ha. it worked out. hes rad.
we are def trending. nbc too! (you guys owe me)
dave diomedi is the unsung hero (our awesome director) he changes the looks of our live broadcasts. also shout out to best hair/makeup/ward.
props to the roots!!! the best band in late night.
keep tweeting. ha. #breakingtwitter #jimmyfallon
jimmy fallons primetime music special on nbc starts in 15 minutes. #showthemwhatsup
set your dvrs or tivos for jimmy fallons primetime music special tonight at 10:00 eastern. carly rae, timberlake, potus and more.
@abcnewsjason ahhhh. funny robot? (im pitching that next season.) #tca12 #nbc
new show tonight: roseanne barr - @therealroseanne, nelly - @nelly_mo and beach house - @beaccchhoussse!!
@audiokilla happy birthday!
its been an unbelievable year for us - we are so happy and thankful.
bane and batman settle their differences when they realize they both love one direction. #fakedarkknightspoiler
fresh new show tonight w/ @jeff_daniels, @jennabushhager, @refusedband and oh no (shuffles papers) no this cant be @jeffanimalguy?!?
preview tonights show w/@heidiklum, @chriscolfer and a performance by @best_coast!
watching #missadvised on bravo. i like amy and julia the best. however, i see amy having a breakdown soon. sex girl is growing on me.
.@carmelitajeter are you ready for me?
at the bar w/ roger federer - @wimbledon edition. #latenight #wimbledon
rt: @joseramonmarmtz: @kellyripa, @kjothesmartass, @tomwaits and the federer tonight on the @latenightjimmy:
attn fans of @tomwaits: he kills it on the show tonight singing raised right men #latenight
comic-conrs check out @nerdists #courseoftheforce. its a star wars relay from la to sdcc for make-a-wish!
respect to @andy_murray. #wimbledon
to all of my canadian fans: happy canada day!!!
tonight: ew! with @channingtatum
party rocking tonight will be the gentlemen from @lmfao. we might sing a new song together as well. #latenight
got a keg, brought it home, put it on ice. two hours into bbq, realized it was non-alcoholic beer. #worstbbqever
from #lnjf (blog): here's @alabama_shakes performing "be mine" last night.
thanks again, @piersmorgan. next week?
@guyserota: does that mean no new show tonight? thats bs man! :-) no way. new show tonight w/ denis leary, fun. and thank you notes!
go now. the @justinbieber qanda on @youtube is starting in seconds.
funny q and a with 30 rock's (and old weekend update producer and one time member of the dazz band) robert carlock.
@b3ko: @jimmyfallon its # of miles per hour. 60 mins / 6.2 miles. just under 10 min mile. 60/3.3 is just under 20 min mile. thanks!
i did first couch to 5k day today. it takes about 25 mins plus getting ready before and after - around 45 mins total.  #5kupdate
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out something funny about how hot it is, and tag with #itssohot. could be on our show!
we won a big award tonight!!! so happy. so proud of our show. how the video went over well.
@yesthatevan: watching snl rerun from 2004 on vh1. love the hockey mullet,
this monday is the 200th anniversary of the war of 1812. or as it was known in 1812, the war. #fallonmono
i'm going to be interviewing @justinbieber on youtube next thursday june 21 and asking your questions. gonna be fun.
the evolution of dad dancing
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out something funny, weird or embarrassing about your dad and tag w/ #thatsmydad. could be on our show!
on my way to @howardstern on @sternshow xm 100 @ 8:00. promoting our comedy album #blowyourpantsoff
@ucfbiggie: @jimmyfallon what's your favorite sandwich? blt. no mayo.
so far its history of rap with @jtimberlake #blowyourpantsoff
our new musical comedy album blow your pants off is now 18 on itunes. let's get it to top 10! just so we can
happy monday. video game week starts tonight!!! black ops 2!!
special thanks to @mikedicenzo and @johnwhaskell for the idea. and of course - @questlove for the kazoo!!
we're going live in 15 minutes! singing songs from my new album. #blowyourpantsoff
@kirstiealley: thank you @bookexpoamerica !!! thank u distinguished authors. heard you killed it today. congrats.
im up early today making appearance at the book expo streaming live
new show tonight: @juliannehough, @colin_hanks, @bobmarleycomedy and leon redbone sitting in with @theroots!
@opieradio thanks. ill see you guys next week.
jason schwartzman and i as 70's duo tux performing "little pepper."
new late night tonight!! beer pong w/ @angie_harmon, new music from @respektor and jason schwartzman and i duet. #littlepepper #tux
@djmogg: families and buckets being played at my brothers graduation party!!  
@tattooedmeat: @jimmyfallon how about the "talon"? i like kodi. trodi?
i got the week off - might catch some waves today. (even though i cant surf and its freezing)
thank you notes 2 is #1 in humor on the zon. thank you!!! #falpals
last night was the brest book signing ever.
i'm at barnes and noble signing books tonight in union square. come say hi.
reminder: 3pm (new york) 12pm (la) order one copy of thank you notes 2 on amazon. # 1 book in america. (for an hour)
@jameskirkland21: @jimmyfallon u still have the badge from taxi that got turned into that ghetto money clip u always wanted? i think so.
new @bigandrich!
also - i'll be signing our newest book at the barnes and noble in union square on thursday night. see yaaaaa.
@lary deal
thank you notes 2 comes out tomorrow!!! this one plays the theme song!
follow a positive, creative and funny man - (creator of drake and josh, icarly etc.) dan schneider @danwarp #ff
hashtag game! tweet out your own funny or weird graduation speech in 140 characters and tag w/ #mygraduationspeech. could be on our show!
new @realtenaciousd album the rise of the fenix is available right now. they will be performing on our show tonight. #funtimes
@guitarseastar thanks.
will ferrell sings about his "tight pants"  
.@govchristie come by the show whenever you can.
my mom dumped a bowl of raisin bran on my head because i was being fresh. #thatsmymom
thank you to @voguemagazine and @metmuseum for a great time last night.@brunomars hit a home run. #metgala
i just met rosario dawson at the met ball! so excited!!!
up and ready for the eif revlon run/walk in times square here in new york city!
tomorrow is cinco de mayo and the kentucky derby! or as stupid hats call it, go time!! #fallonmono
the ability to make peoples' cell phones not work in movie theaters. #mysuperpower
psyched to have an interview and a song from @ladyantebellum tonight. #latenight
rt@shoemakermike: slow jam w potus and the roots is close to 5 million.  let's do it!
romney is only 300 delegates short of winning the nomination. while gingrich is only 3 stamps short of getting a free cinnabon. #fallonmono
@sterry4: nike+gps is fantastic because it tracks runs and gives encouragement while your running! i love nike +. i want a game kindof.
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a funny, crazy or embarrassing way you injured yourself & tag w/ #mydumbinjury could be on our show!
- @juddapatow dude you know we don't have that kind of money!?! we're on at 12:30 in the morning.
the president has left the building. this has been one of the most exciting things i've ever done. #obamaonfallon
thanks tarheels!!! can't wait to see you tomorrow. #obamaonfallon
leaving rome, but watch president @barackobama and me chat for an hour w/musical guest @davejmatthews. #obamaonfallon
@advocatebc security helped but it was a fun party.
so excited for this tuesday! unc, i'm coming with president @barackobama @theroots & @davematthewsbnd. #obamaonfallon
here we go...
@springsteen: bring on your wrecking ball, @jimmyfallon! 
our downton abbey parody is now on youtube.
crazy fried chicken battle with @davidchang & @questlove, tina fey plays catchphrase and john slattery models. tonight on #latenight
change the channel to late night now on nbc! it's a good show.
actress lisa rinna is the new spokesperson for depends adult diapers. yeah, the story wasn't supposed to get out, but it leaked. #fallonmono
so excited!!! pulp (@pulp2011) is reuniting and playing our show tonight. it's gonna be good.
slap fight w/ two fun men. @arthurmeyer13 and @johnwhaskell
hashtag game! tweet something crazy, funny or embarrassing that happened on spring break & tag w/ #springbreakmistake could be on our show!
how ya like me now? thanks @mikedicenzo.
boy, i cannot spell tonight. i'm so sorry for all of these tweets. but i want to get it right. here we go... #paulnewman #seriousfun
today is shooting day for guys with kids. rehearsals went well, but we tape today. send good vibes.
@adrianalima you are in trouble. you know why.
we have 20 winners. congrats! enjoy the show. i'll see you on sunday. #guyswithkids
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out the best prank you or someone you know ever played & tag w/ #bestprankever. could be on our show!
@twilightildawn happy birthday!!! please have the best year ever.
@twilightildawn: "record store day 2012 reveals full list of releases
the hot new dance move: "the j.d.n.a." #mdna
christian slater is on our show tonight and he's also now on twitter. welcome @christianslate4.
@leecee81: @jimmyfallon we want more #tebowie u created a #tebowie monster #lmaooooo album coming out in june
right now - hunger games lead jennifer lawrence, @wendyliebman and @iamjericho might even sing! #nbc #fallon
tebowie is coming to the ny jets!!!
make sure to tune into the show tonight because we can't put our cold open online at all. #tebowie
@gvallaris: why don't you interview madonna in person? it is in person. live on facebook this sat at 6pm est.
.@jayleno is not allowed to say why he is wearing a mustache during the monologue. heeee. this is making me laugh.
happy st. patrick's day!!
i la for @jayleno tonight. i might challenge him to a game, make him drink a beer. #happystpaddysday
nice one from @torchytaco! #sxsw
austin, i brought you the sun. on my way back to nyc now. thanks #sxsw.
backstage in the hilton at #sxsw #giantdonut
rt @huffpostcomedy: 80's springsteen and 70's neil young sing #lmfao
wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
love you back.rt @ginapage2479:love the show! doin by best to spread the lnjf love over here in uk - long live late night with jimmy
we are turning 3 years old today! thanks to everyone who puts this show together and thank you for watching us. springsteen! #latenight
hashtag game! tweet out some funny, weird, or crazy story about your coworker and tag with #mycoworkeriscrazy. could be on our show!
early clip alert: @springsteen and the e street band perform "wrecking ball" on tonight's #springsteenonfallon
springsteen is in the house!! tonight. #springsteenonfallon
i have a crow. #oscars
.@pearljam performs jeremy (lin-sanity)
watch @sfosternyc and cast of anything goes kill it tonight on the show.
nice. this your follow up call. you awake? @dollhairbill: @jimmyfallon woke me up this morning
we are lucky to have our show based in new york. it's broadway week here at late night.
fun!! hi australia!! rt @trendsaustralia: @jimmyfallon is now trending in australia
news. now. night news now.
new show tonight!!
the new update for my wake up call app is live! 22 new calls, bug fixes and of course, a 7 hour snooze!
my grandma made hot cocoa for all my friends after sledding, and then moonwalked. #mygrandmaiscool
what do celebrities whisper to each other on the red carpet? find out.
we miss you.
i'm gonna be a guest on @verge w/ @joshuatopolsky not to be confused with the "virgin" also hosted by @joshuatopolsky.
cute kid. rt @mofurnari119: can a get a shout out for your #1 fan?
sneak peek.
we are back in nyc live tonight with the first lady!! a little fitness competition in the white house. #fallontonight
we do the voice & i play @lmfao, @taylorswift13, @justinbieber, @joshgroban, @brunomars, @eminem, @djpaulyd. #fallonliveaftergame
get out your rowdy rags! two more minutes to the 3 minute warning. #fallonliveaftergame
i already lost $100. #fallonliveaftergame
today is our big super bowl show in indy!!!! thanks for the good food and good people at patachou!! #greatbreakfast
fire truck, *friar* *tuck*, justin tuck, bringin' ya back to the new york giants,
@hasselbeck gracias. when are you coming by the show?
.@shaq in a pink bikini.
real housewives of the colts feat dallas clark, bethea (@tweez41), @robertmathis, @pierregarcon85 & @danorlovsky
so many fun things on the show tonight. one of our best ever. tune in!! #latenight
new head swap right now. #latenight.
tonight on late night: @realtracymorgan, @timtebow, @therejects, guest anncr @deionsanders & indy race w/ @marcoandretti.
@camhoff wednesday night.
@nlars01 what are you guys watching?
head swap with @marcoandretti at indy. #latenight
thanks to bryn, vlada and meg at @stelmo for the great dinner last night. #latenightindy
the baltimore ravens will take on the patriots. when asked if they were excited for the game - quoth the ravens, never more. #fallonmono
goat leg greg with ewan mcgregor
big nike announcement today. fuelband looks awesome.
watch late night tonight on nbc. here's a promo...
hashtag game! tweet something funny/weird you or someone else does for sports games and tag w/ #gamedaysuperstition. could be on our show!
kyra sedgwick (man on a ledge), @ndamukong_suh, abby lee miller (dancemoms) and @outasight on #latenight tonight.
thanks to @adamlevine for the presenting fun. #goldenglobes
tim tebow + david bowie = tebowie 
thank you radio for playing tebowie!!! so fun.
what do you get when you cross tim tebow with david bowie? #tebowie #latenight
from #lnjf (blog): what do celebs whisper to each other on the red carpet?
@reneed0608: @jimmyfallon what about @donniewahlberg ???? he's always great tv!! he's great too.
tina fey and @questlove make peace.
promo for tonight's late night: wahlberg, napoleon d and e-cards.
@meldiv75 thank you.
with @captainkdouglas and @brainofjoacohen and off to see something awesome. #vanhalen at cafe wha? whaaaaaaa?!?!?!
go see "the artist". it's a silent movie - so clever - so good. i haven't had an experience watching a movie like that ever. #academyaward
.@late_show hey dave, i have no idea what you're talking about. just call me. @#hashtag
@kelliemackay: wait, is @jimmyfallon on tonight? or no? no. we are back tomorrow!!
robert deniro and i play password against bradley cooper right now on nbc.
@krishangandhii not sure yet brother. hopefully soon!
if you got an iphone for christmas - download my alarm clock app where i will call you and wake you up. it's fun.
from #lnjf (blog): t'was the night before (noun) 
rt @stereogum: watch rufus wainwright and the roots do minuit, chrtiens on late night
if you bought the app, use the lock button when you go to sleep! it dims the clock and makes sure you'll get the call in the morning.
@mlebair13 thanks my man.
fun show tonight - tom cruise, @joshuatopolsky and rufus wainwright. we also debut our new app. #latenight
launching new app tonight!! stay tuned. it's fun.
it's a holiday duets album with @michaelbuble, @rustyrockets, @justinbieber & @kanyewest.
@idr3amofgenie thank you!
for some fun trivia - i was wearing bill murray's bee costume for goodnights. thanks wardrobe dept. i love #billmurray.
here we go!! saturday night live now!!!!
my horoscope today. thanks @newyorkpost! #snl
the day before saturday night live! who's camping out? who's having a party?
all new - saturday night live. this saturday. have a holiday party!
central park: "have the best week!" me: "oh, get over yourself!"
thank you chicago! heaviest pizza in the world. (30 lbs per pizza unit.) but delicious too. thanks @mrhoratiosanz
from #lnjf (blog): the 12 daze of christmas
happy birthday jim morrison. would've been 68 today.
the roots album is out today! get undun on itunes or click here for amazon
@joeljanse thanks!
fun show tonight with maya rudolph (up all night), damian lewis (homeland)  & @richardblais (top chef)
@ryanseacrest islands in the stream?
"since yule been gone" #newholidaysongs
@dougiedancing thank you so much. i really appreciate it. that's super cool.
@mayhemmiller ahhh i wish i knew! we're doing one tonight with herman cain vs super mario.
diggnation's @alexalbrecht and @kevinrose are back on the show tonight!! & of course betty white, jack houston and jimmy cliff.
@andrewzimmern oh i'm on it. thanks.
tonight: jason schwartzman and i sing the stuffing song, sandra lee gives thanksgiving tips and @rodneyatkins plays w/ the roots! #latenight
actually it was a really fun interview. she helped me with my minnesota accent. (i still sound irish.)
fun show tonight with @howiemmandel , @chloegmoretz and b. o. b. #latenight
i just got schooled - shout out to chapel hill.
the green monster. one of the greatest experiences in my life. the sox won while we were filming this. we had to change the ending.
what channel is fever pitch on?
33% of americans have broken up w/ someone using facebook. while 33% of kardashian sisters have broken up w/ someone using tmz. #fallonmono
martin short, kermit & miss piggy and michael stipe all on the show tonight. can't wait!
"three times a gravy." #newthanksgivingsongs
@iheartjimmynet thank you pal.
@jakefogelnest only 4 organs like that exist. a tribute band lent it to us. i will find out who they are. much love.
the roots played the reading rainbow song live. the fake doors were 3 writers play syncing.
one of our best shows tonight: sandler (hilarious), chris martin (does the worm) beyonce (kills it) and thank you notes.
after 30 seconds, rick perry said oops. of course 30 seconds followed by an "oops" is why bieber has to take a paternity test. #fallonmono
rt @jimgaffigan: please follow @rickygervais  im trying to help him with his career.  i think hes from canada.
microsoft, yahoo & aol are selling ads together. microsoft, yahoo & aol? sounds like the tech version of a celebrity rehab cast. #fallonmono
vote for best #latenighttvhost! (you would think that you'd vote for me, but whatevs.) vote here:
hashtag game! tweet out something funny, embarrassing, or weird about your family and tag w/ #mycrazyfamily. could be on our show!
late night brainstorm w/ @andersoncooper
ha! pics of people getting scared at a haunted house. some good ones in there.
justin bieber (it's not my) baby and justin timberlake - history of rap 3
justin bieber - (it's not my) baby
herman cain responds to sexual harassment allegations.
new show tonight: pablo francisco, @mariobatali makes dinner and tracy morgan pops my balloon. #latenight
@s_somo sometimes. hope you are well.
history of rap 3 with @jtimberlake.
turn to nbc right now! #historyofrap3
brian williams slow jams occupy wall st.
@star1025 i'd love to. that's steve higgins' hometown. he talks non-stop about how much he loves it.
went to party dressed as the unabomber. my friend went as ethan hawke in "before sunrise." no one knew who either of us were. #halloweenfail
@robreffphd thanks! its looks great!
@nejco1 mustard
oh yeah, it's on. at the jets game w/ @mariobatali. #jets
@vinnyspin checking...
elbow performing "lippy kids" on the show now. love the words - build a rocket!
what if the jersey shore cast was "unjerzified"? tonight on late night. also the @jonahhill controversy.
@russellhantz would you go back?
week off - but fun games: uncharted 3 and batman arkham city! who's playing these?
saw footloose last night - calling it now, you're gonna see a lot more julianne hough (@juliannehough) #breakout role. fun movie.
samuel l. jackson is officially on twitter! welcome @samuelljackson. #nickfury
the roots, @yogabbagabba, @bizmarkie, @fatbellybella, @bootsy_collins & mark mothersbaugh party down on late night.
@kfmorgan that's great!!!
@dougiedancing happy birthday!!! 20 is fun.
i'm lucky to have @questlove and the roots w/the show. they are - absolutely the most talented humans i've ever met.
water war with @realhughjackman.
this is the inning!
.@shaq and i made a really good bet tonight. watch tonight to see who wins. #latenight
his room was actually a walk-in closet. he set up a dartboard and wanted to have a party in there one night. #myroommateiscrazy
i will always love kurt. #glee
he's an interesting guy. thanks.rt @hiltzikstrat: great interview: @sparker explains the merits of @spotify on lnjf
@rmhne good night from ny.
thanks, huffpo! rt @huffpostcomedy: .@jimmyfallon shows us andy rooney's first day of retirement
sean parker, welcome to twitter. rt @sparker: sorry zuck, i had to do it eventually.
from #lnjf (blog): ew! w/claire danes #latenight
pearl jam doing a cover of pink floyd's "mother" and a new "ew!" tonight on #latenight
matthew morrison's video response to jonah hill
@stevegarfield good morning, steve. are you in boston? are you on any tv social sites? (get glue, etc.)
enjoy the show - west coast!! #pinkfloydweek #latenight
play it loud, tonight! #latenight
our #pinkfloydweek continues tonight with @foofighters & roger waters performing "in the flesh".
@missalejandra85 love right back!
gotta lose some face fat. @davidkirsch here i come.
the inventor of doritos has passed away at 97. he asked to be buried with the creator of fritos and cheetos in a variety pack. #fallonmono
@iheartjimmynet nah, all legends. #pinkfloydweek
@daninfiction astronomy yes
@matttsuxxx what'd they do?
tonight on the show - the shins perform "breathe"
red flag
jonah hill throws down the gauntlet to glee's matthew morrison.
.@jonahhill kills it tonight on the show. so funny. #latenight
set your dvr's for the new charlie's angels tomorrow (thursday) @ 8 on abc. my wife produces it!
in la for @primetimeemmys. jane is gonna kill it tonight. (so is my sleeveless tux)
hey, @johnwhaskell. how was your flight?
fun show tonight. promo:
@sarahliz_16 happy birthday!!
roadtrip!! we're coming to indy the week of the super bowl! #latenight
tonight: @arnettwill, @richardbranson, us open and # 1 tennis player novak djokovic, puppies & girls. #latenight
the zombies performing "this will be our year" last night on late night.
we have a vampire, a vampire slayer and the zombies on the show tonight! #earlyhalloween #latenight
congrats to my man seth herzog @thezog!  @nytimesarts seth herzogs comedy show, sweet, in the east village nyti.ms/ouhrah
@usopen go roger! shh. no talking. only tweeting.
good luck to @gavinpurcell & all of our amazing bloggers @ todays creative arts emmys.
balls in your mouth w/ eddie vedder
the squeef brothers w/ @buckylarson
@fallenforfallon happy birthday!!
simon cowell said he wants to be cryogenically frozen when he dies. & from the looks of it, his nipples are off to a head start. #fallonmono
@imelissapow sure!
wow. my flash mob comedy show @ sunset park in brooklyn @ sunrise sure was a great idea. great turnout! thx! 
@bachmanwsb thanks.
loved the shout out to judy mcgrath!! #vmas #foos
congrats to jesse peretz (dir. of idiot boyfriend video) on his new movie my idiot brother. #iseeatheme
out with @bravoandy - he kept talking about his "awesome" watch. #shockinglylame
i'm trying to find words...
dec. 17th!!! snl!!!
fun announcement today. #snl
rt @iamwill: .@jimmyfallon be honest  ladies love you b/c you are an astrophysicist, right? science is dope. #iamfirsttv
shoutout to @questlove for playing the best music last night. #nycboatparty
black simon and garfunkel singing party rock anthem
lets play the hashtag game! tweet something weird you or someone you know saw a person doing & tag #whodoesthat. could be on our show!
.@thedailyshow we will see you tonight for the kickball game. we even got official team t-shirts.
rt @jakefogelnest: some thoughts on a lost classic: @alecbaldwin and @mrhoratiosanz's, "plate boy and cup boy."
jersey shore bottled water
shark week fact #3: sharks are known to pee a little when they sneeze. #sharkfacts
shark week fact #1: sharks are animals that were created based on the success of the movie "jaws." #sharkfacts
a lot is on the line tonight. #settlersofcatan
thanks to my sister (@gloriafallon123) for the awesome surprise present!! we used to love these!! 
i'm opening for the great bobby slayton this weekend @ gotham comedy club, nyc. fri 8:30 & sat 8. this will be fun.
cupid's arrow (video dating from the 80's)
thanks!rt @zennster: new fave discovery: late night snack ice cream who knew fudge covered potato chip clusters would be so good!?
lets play the hashtag game! tweet out something weird about your current or former boss & tag with #mybossisweird. could be on our show!
blackberry laid off 11% of its workers. you can tell its bad cuz the ceo's announcement ended w/ the line "sent from my iphone." #fallonmono
#ff @jeffanimalguy (i don't know why you'd want to.)
history of rap 2.
great to see @jtimberlake on the show tonight. he's always fun. thanks @questlove.
rt @sbnation: @latenightjimmy video of @joshuatopolsky announcing  theverge.com (@verge)
you were great! thank you. rt @deannafred: i was the lucky girl that smashed eggs on her face last nite! thx for being so nice&funny!!
congressman bill johnson says his twitter account was hacked yesterday after an image of a naked man was posted on his page. #fallonmono
solo-jo-bro @joejonas makes his solo debut tonight and i get @blakeshelton to sing a little something. #ifyoulikepiacoladas #latenight
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something embarrassing/crazy that happened at the beach and tag with #beachfail. could be on our show.
yes! the universal studios tour in full effect. rt @padre_pat: thanks jimmy i just had a tramtastic day
marian higgins gave us some of the funniest humans on the planet. pls donate to public radio in her name
moose burger challenge: on! 2lbs beef, 1/2 lb bacon, 1 tomato, 1/2 head of lettuce & fries!
happy july 2nd everyone!!
someday. tonight on late night!
.@justinbieber that #someday is very soon. (whispering) #someday...
gov. rick perry referred to twitter as tweeter. perry apologized for the gaffe & asked everyone to friend him on headbook. #fallonmono
watch cameron diaz channel her inner voice on "other voices"
hey @kanyewest what are you up to tonight?
it's gonna suck (the ballad of anthony weiner)
.@piersmorgan this is cool and all - but did i miss chris christie?
my dad wears jeans while running on the treadmill. #thatsmydad
in honor of video game week - here is our 8-bit opening
congrats to @actuallynph for a great job hosting the tonys last night. talented dude.
rt @shoemakermike: must see: higgins' pants on the ground on @jimmyfallon
@kirstiealley i honestly would never. and i'm bummed that i lost. rematch?
a crotch photo was tweeted by anthony weiner. if you think thats bad, you should see the pic sent by his aide, gary butthole. #fallonmono
i'm finally going to show off my weiner tonight. (impression) #latenight
game down to the wire. 4.4 secs!
rt @thezog: hey i'm in santa fe, does anyone know where i can buy some turquoise jewelry?
i am so upset by the actions of my bffsm @stephenathome. my diary is on fire right now! #emmyfeud
@bryn_smith happy birthday!!!!
@circusidiot @studiotour did you like it?
@katie_wilkins yep
@randomrezkid i'm done now. sorry.
@governormarkell cool. thanks. i love @dogfishbeer!
@bruceland it's on!!
crosby, nash & young perform miley cyrus' "party in the usa"
buy 1 thank you note book on thursday 5/26 @3pm ny 12pm west coast on amazon
bummed that i missed @mindykaling at the bookexpo. but... tyra gave me some butt lifting exercises to try. #smize
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out something everyones thinking, but no one says out loud & tag with #iwentthere. could be on our show.
thank you, terry gross @nprfreshair
listening to k-earth 101. thanks for the props. #imbarryfngibb
@carpenter1416 it was some music boxie chime thing. i've never seen it before. but @fleetfoxes were fantastic, right?
. @charliesheen's new tv show tonight on late night.
seattle show tonight with @mariobatali and death cab for cutie @dcfc on #latenight
glad you like it, my old friend. rt @stevegarfield: @jimmyfallon late night snack is good!
late night snack has salty caramel in it. but if you want just salty caramel check out this etsy:

keith richards talks about life, the stones, the beatles and fresh lemons on #latenight tonight.
listening to 100.1 wdst woodstock radio. good morning guys!
let's play the hashtag game! tweet some crazy or embarrassing story from your prom & tag with #promdisaster. could be on our show.
bob marley week starts tonight with his son, ziggy performing "get up, stand up" #latenight
the unemployment rate went up last month. on the bright side  i hear a senior management position just opened up at al qaeda. #fallonmono
@roryalbanese this site is not cool www.roryalbanese.gov
alec baldwin w/ fake arms
let's play the hashtag game  mother's day edition! tweet something weird your mom does & tag with #mymomisnuts. could be on our show.
#osama #obama #trump #latenight #now #nbc
get your champagne and nautical wear ready... yacht rock on late night tonight!! ambrosia performing.
@karlfrisch @maddow that's not fair!!! i want one!!!
here's the full show from last night online.
@jimmyfallon you should also see book of mormon.
this is okay with me. 
whats your second-filthiest clothing item? lets fill it with holiday food! --christmas stockings
watch @alexborstein #gettingon tonight on @hbo
check out @davidagoodman's episode of dads tonight on fox!
got a look at the gettysburg address.  nice penmanship, abe.
first edit of a million ways to die in the west complete!
thanks for your service, temporary halloween shops. time to go back to being abandoned squatter havens.
go see my two favorite jewesses @alexborstein and @sarahksilverman in ny on 10/30

rt @rowdyprimate: remember that time on little house when ma found out pa's real name was joe cartwright, and ...
ribisi is hilarious in dads tomorrow on fox--
if i was ever in a fistfight, i'd try to confuse the guy by saying things like, "i'm about to go stephen collins on your ass."
halfway through editing a million ways to die in the west.  still coughing up residual cloudlets of santa fe dust.
from fox news, no less:  
ones against health care for the poor... the others against mental health care for anybody:  cruz/cruise in 2016
thanks toronto for the warm canadian welcome!  had fun doing family guy live tonight!
rt @brendasong: "nothing ever goes away until it teaches us what we need to know.." // i wish john boehner would hurry up and teach.
rt @sethgreen: whoever made this is clearly made of magic:
it's not friday, but follow @albertbrooks anyway cuz he's a goddamn genius.
somewhere there's an empty bubble yum factory.  #mayweather
i wonder if helen reddy will sue katy perry for roaring.
you know there's cocaine in that room.
#ff the "dads" bunch: @sethgreen @giovanniribisi @vanessalachey @brendasong and of course @thesulk
friendly warning to progressive insurance: that flo character, if used much more, may begin to annoy the occasional viewer.
rt @levarburton: 50 years ago today. #dreamday // fuck yeah, laforge
rt @sarahksilverman: your fancy frankenstein cross-breed vanity dog can't breathe you obnoxious cock // this deserves a second rt.
it can only be a matter of time before national geographic reports "dads" has also pissed off the storks.
is it me you love... or my haagen dazs?
rt@theptc: hi seth!// and thus, in defiance of ideological barriers, they set aside their differences...
and an unbreakable bond was forged.
rt @johnnymctardo: @sethmacfarlane when is ted 2? // we're aiming for a 2015 passover release date.
my cat shit on the hardwood instead of the carpet.  #blessed
last day of filming on a million ways to die in the west -- thanks to a cast and crew as talented as they are tireless.
terrible phrase #396: "i'm not religious but i'm very spiritual."
hey iphone- "were" and "we're" are both words.  you don't need to correct "were" to "we're" every time i type it.  "were" is a fucking word.
thanks to new mexico's altitude and dry weather, i think there will be a string of fg eps where everyone sounds like carter pewterschmidt.
rt @jamesmckennan: i hope in 'a million ways to die in the west' just once @actuallynph says "suit up" // in 1882, suiting up takes 4 hours.
keep calm and retire this meme.
hey new mexico-- massive lightning storms aren't in our script.  thank you.
@jleefilm: hey j, do you know if the people in that photo could loan me a "friends" dvd or recommend a good cheese shop?
hey new mexico-- if you could tone down the wind and the rain and the hail and the locusts, we're trying to make a movie.
rt@prophetx15: @marina_sirtis and @jonathansfrakes  reunion of the rikers.mp4:
filming in monument valley-- comedy against a spectacular backdrop
as we lose more older vets, its increasingly important to hear their stories about what it was like during the cola wars.
never know what to say at funerals. sorry i ran over him just feels so hollow.
rt @lorethsean: this guy.. is seth macfarlane's dad!
all of the other reindeer were secretly watching red-nose-on-regular-nose porn.
great day with charlize theron and liam neeson on a million ways to die in the west. all i have to do as a director is observe and sip bourbon.
first day of filming with the great liam neeson on a million ways to die in the west
rt @jonevanmoore: @sethmacfarlane when's it coming out? // may 30, 2014.  get comfortable.
#ff @neiltyson.  that is all.
rt @jessegilmore: @sethmacfarlane  what's your favorite episode of all in the family? // sammy's visit
rt @garinedwards1: @sethmacfarlane  are you making a new ted 2 // no, it'll be reboot of ted 1.
rt @amandaseyfried: i blame @sethmacfarlane for this.
#ff @barnaby_smith-- he's costuming us all for a million ways to die in the west (yeah, i know it's saturday.  fuck it.)
on nights when i'm feeling freaky, i hire a tough chick to come to my house and write mean reviews about me.
waiter: and have you eaten here before? me: no, but ive eaten at a restaurant before. i think ill figure it out.
good for jason collins. now if only a showbiz person were to come out as gay, wed really be in business.
finally got around to reading stephen king's 11/22/63-- a truly compelling, beautiful story.  highly recommend it.
love my pals at fox, but the fact that a big bang theory rerun just beat american idol delights me. yay scripted shows.  boo reality shows.
rt @crispins_canvas: @sethmacfarlane whats your favorite album? i want to expand my musical horizons // sinatra - in the wee small hours
it's appalling how michelle obama has become such a shameless shill for big vegetable.
rt @bbecc: @sethmacfarlane hey is this your new tatt?!???
#ff @albertbrooks - a colossal talent and a great guy.
props to doormen in old-time military uniforms. if your building ever gets in a war with another building, youre gonna need those guys.
jesus, its been a few days since youve risen, so gonna get your own place anytime soon? --the apostle with the best couch
time for another fun-filled morning of trying to give my cat medicine and then looking like i just had rough angry sex.
eventually they'll make a m*a*s*h out of today's wars.  i wonder who'll play the wisecracking "hawkeye" drone.
yeah, that's not a ghost in that photo you took.
great piece
yes, hertz, could i please get a car that smells like what the last guy ate? oh, that comes standard?  okay, thanks.
regarding the below rt, just being in the same room with myself makes me want to fucking throw up.
hey press-- y'know that frenzy you whipped up over the oscars? try using the same zeal over climate change. just once. make yourself useful.
so the prince tried the glass slipper on every foot in the kingdom, and then finally put it on cinderella, who immediately died of staph.
rub a dub dub / three men in a tub / fully clothed and with, like, plenty of space in between --straight nursery rhymes
a sure sign of our overly-sensitive era is that my itunes lists that song from south pacific as "a c*ck-eyed optimist"
interesting article about the press' anger over the boobs song:

rt @bbbbbadone: luv the ann frank refs.  gawd, i somehow knew all the words. scary!! // you may want to proofread that.
my promise for the oscars: no cheap wiener jokes. only expensive wiener jokes.
the relationship between aquaman and aqualad should be investigated.
rt @fakelawn: do you like twigs and good friends? // we used to have this in the kitchen at fg. their eyes follow you.


was paula cole looking for john wayne specifically? or just any guy with a colon full of beef?
if you really love the comedy of russell brand but you really hate long scarves, what an agonizing choice you face.
the bad-but-actually-awesome '80s miniseries is the only way to get through the flu.  thank you, north and south.
rt @jeffreyakemp: i think you owe us an explanation for movie 43... // they told me it was an episode of game of thrones.
this is a real thing.  i don't know how, but i will find it.
an r is just an a that's standing effeminately.
the message of disney's beauty and the beast is not a healthy one:  he's an asshole, but you can fix him!!!
step it up, 2013 tv.  this is how it's done.
rt @amcstrings: medal, please.
ann druyan spectacularly taking the masterpiece she and carl sagan created into the new millennium here at first day of cosmos filming
hey uk fans-- the two ronnies were at the globes
fave celeb tonight: liev schreiber! 
press gave me shit for not wearing a tie to the nominations.  i'm also busted for skipping lacrosse and mouthing off to the headmaster.
thanks @stonenobrien for an amazing job this morning-- and thanks academy for the nom-- i'll be calm when you tell me it was an error.
i'll be announcing the oscar nominees on jan. 10 at 5 a.m. with emma stone.  we'll also be revealing the name of kanye and kim's baby (zeus).
rt @jeanp_zh: outrageous? who the fuck said that? seriously....who  said that
rt @mrs_lamm: @uberfacts: it takes 9 months to a year to produce one episode on family guy. @sethmacfarlane really? // true.
liked les miz (the play) but wished they were all way bigger and screaming right in my face. is there a current film i might enjoy?
dear emoticon makers: what the hell is this? 
#ff @neilmeron for oscar updates
holy shit
rt @emilyosment: you're terrible @sethmacfarlane 
think i'm going to start casually referring to my right hand as "my sword hand" and see how soon i get beat up.
it is a credit to the human race that heroic individuals like victoria soto still exist.  make it worth her while, congress.
rt @mygiveup: nothing more american than superman.  can't wait to see this british guy play him.
#ff @neilmeron @craigzadan -- producers of the 85th annual academy awards!
porsche suvs are great for if you can't decide what kind of dick you are.
shaved off my movember mustache, but i am still participating in pubcember.
i have no reservations about touching gas pump handles because i'm sure a station employee cleans them every hour.
rt @gangster_roofus: @sethmacfarlane
marco rubio. earth is 4.54 billion years old. there is no "mystery."  this is the problem your party is having. fix it. you're a smart guy.
though im a single guy, im trying to get in some marriage practice by resenting my cats purchases.
thanks to my stellar crew, writers and cast for 200 episodes of family guy!  now let's all take 3 years off to recharge before next season.
rt @mittromney: dude.  hummingbird right outside the window right now.
next time you wanna get out of dinner plans, text the person: "can't make it tonight-- being held at spearpoint."
looking forward to seeing what exciting new star wars adventures will be cooked up by the dream factory that brought us mars needs moms!
love all the entertainment media covering fg's 200th referring to "the griffith family" and "baby stevie."  nice work, woodward and bernstein.
nice to see doma has been dealt a heavy blow.  end that shit so we can get on with the century.
there's a special variety of panic that only comes from hearing a cat make that "unk" "unk" unk" sound before a carpet puke.
ladies, if you want hillary to get a legitimate shot in 2016, you gotta stop making duck lips in instagrams.
cant get on board with invading iran, but how bout we all go do a dine-and-dash a persian restaurant? thats something, right?
hey guy in the audience laughing out loud at the jokes in a shakespeare play-- you make the world a worse place.
at one time, "apache raid" was an actual valid excuse for showing up late to work.
hey 30-year-old skating to work on a longboard: the world is sadder than you seem to realize.  we had a 9/11 and everything.
having a blast rehearsing snl- writers, cast and crew are outrageously talented class acts all-around.
a good rule of thumb is to never be in liam neesons movie family.
just discovered a new kind of hell: being alone in a slow elevator with a guy who's sucking on a lozenge.
you can tell the gops poll numbers are up, cause fetuses are starting to talk shit and are just generally getting too comfortable.
for the last time: yes, its true that i once missed a flight that went on to show k-pax.  each day since then has been a gift.
to top last week in tampa, the dnc is gonna have to find someone to angrily lecture a whole dinette set.
rt @tattootad: lmfao! why you gotta say shit like that when i'm getting stoned?????love it!!!! // easy, you got that big interview tomorrow.
let's all drink to the great phyllis diller.  peter griffin is going to miss his mom.
rt@devans87: my wife thought the scene where ted climbs the stadium tower frame was like annie. was that your inspiration? // mayyyyyybe
rt @realross806: why didn't you roast roseanne? // roseanne wanted a female host-- but jane lynch is a friend to family guy so good choice!
the selection of paul ryan makes me wonder what the romney cabinet will look like.
oh no, facebook stock is tanking! quick, everyone post more pictures of  your fucking dinner!
curiosity has landed on mars.  will now take 14 mins for signal to reach us, telling us whether it survived the voyage.
on way to jpl to watch curiosity land on mars-- thank you ann druyan and planetary society!
sufficient cowbell.
congrats to all the medal winners. time to go back to your own countries and get fat.
rt @kundun66: giggidy giggidy @sethmacfarlane a quagmire eggplant
rt@teedotare: shout out for my stewie fancy dress outfit?
a satisfying week working on cosmos with ann druyan and astrophysicists steven soter and @neiltyson.  way outta my league.
rt @ruby__831: @sethmacfarlane what's your favorite cartoon besides the ones you've created ? // true blood.
rt @danajgould: when you think about it, any whistle can be a rape whistle. except maybe a slide whistle.
#ff @neiltyson @levarburton @akaworf.   cuz, y'know... space.
wanna just get away from it all. which campground gets the best iphone reception?
if george michael says he will be your father figure, just know that youll probably get two father figures in the deal.
rt @mitchtecate: @uberfacts: it takes 9 months to a year to produce one episode on family guy. is this true? // it is true yes.
rt@peter_gallagher:when is ted out in uk? / august 3. was supposed to promote in uk this week, but under the weather. be back very soon, uk!
rt @jadelcole: must make you proud, a quality product so well replicated...
rt @neiltyson: going to see @sethmacfarlane's ted tonight.  i'm told there's a night sky scene in it.  i'll be on the lookout.
billy joel's "we didn't start the fire" is the best song ever written about lack of accountability.
ff @_jessicabarth_ aka ted's gf tami-lynn!
rt @lsploosh9: ted was awesome, i almost cried, i never cry at movies // thanks, midnight viewers!  try and get a nap in at work today
rt @nick1693: how about "tedache"? // sure yes.  or if you're the new yorker: "threadbare, platitudinous ursine burlesque comes to naught".
rt@loco_rob: what are your thoughts on the supreme court's decision? / we gotta stop that tycoon from turning our park into a shopping mall.
80s-era warm curly faxes are the closest we ever came to paper poops.
i'll be answering all your insane questions on funny or die tonight at 8pm et/ 5pm pt
rt @rudycordovajr: @sethmacfarlane on @thedailyshow #mademynight // stewart is a gentleman and a scholar.  had fun.
the lyrics to "call me maybe" sound like the prelude to a horrific date rape.
my guess is a president romney state of the union address would look something like this. 
attention obama and romney: i will vote for whichever one of you does the first televised debate wearing a fish tie.
hey crossing guard waving the stop sign at me so you can guide people in their 20's across the street-- i think they got this.
holy shit, you mean that abandoned furniture on that curb in that college town is just, like, free to take?!
the only thing that would've made the end of that game of thrones finale better would be if sam had done that terrified lou costello thing.
shower the people you love with love has gotta be the dirtiest of the james taylor lyrics.
guys, my dads coming over, so lets clean up the tweets for the next little while, okay?
i challenge the makers of "battleship" to follow it up with "backgammon", "yahtzee", "boggle", and "sorry!"
peter dinklage kicks ass.  here endeth the lesson.
quick, somebody trademark the title "the pope's butler" before kevin james does!
rt @bamkitty7: @sethmacfarlane will i be able to buy a "ted" doll? // yes, we will be shamelessly and greedily merchandising the film.
good article in the nytimes about dr. spitzer and the occasionally tough balance between science and social responsibility. worth a read.
rt @mariainnyc: what's a red band trailer? how is it different? // it's a trailer that contains r-rated content from the film.
wonder if eharmony can help me find the perfect pot guy.
line up to call me a hollywood liberal shithead, but hats off to obama for at last vocalizing support for equal treatment of all americans.
rt @porters: hey, musicals, how do you feel about the word "seldom"? i haven't been able to tell!
rt @waplord: terry gilliam calls family guy the only show worth watching on tv, high praise indeed!
easy lover is basically just phil collins calling someone a slut for 4 minutes.
if you have ever pinned a "cathy" strip to the wall of your cubicle, i am content for us to remain strangers.
i wonder how much of that pacific garbage patch is family guy stuff.
in jimmy buffett's world, it's common for women to be accused of saltshaker theft.
you guys know who cecil b. demille was?  no?  okay, thats okay, ive got a tweet about him but never mind.
performing this sunday at vibrato in los angeles w/ ron jones and the influence jazz orchestra
rt@alexleethomson: what's plinko (for us english followers?) // the sound you hear when bob barker is having trouble with a bowel movement.
#ff @neiltyson - he can help you even out your quantum fluctuations.
i think maybe i'd like to be an architect, 'cause they look cool in '80's movies with their nice shirts and important rolls of stuff.
if the real eddie murphy only had a thousand words left, i wonder how many of them would be tranny or hooker.
check out the "ted" red band trailer on youtube, and watch for a preview tonight during family guy
"hey, still waiting for you to post those wedding photos on facebook!"           --thing i've never said #833
and what happened then?  well in whoville they say that the grinch's small heart grew three sizes that day.  'cause he was a coke addict.
rt @matmcisaac: @sethmacfarlane yo macfarlane, what's happening with ted? // as of now, july 13th release date
can jazz enthusiasts admit that we all secretly hate listening to scatting?
go forget yourself --former vice president cee lo cheney (radio version)
gosh sorry, everyone-in-the-world, im busy on the night of your art opening.
rt @garyjanetti: sorry, girls, your boyfriend is not funny. and he also seems like he hates you.
rt @gingerthejester: most gay guys are really just sassy black girls trapped inside white boys' bodies.
all politics aside, @andrewbreitbart  was a fun guy to have a drink with.  he shoulda stuck around longer.
ill have that food that makes you cum in a restaurant. -- when harry met sally (first draft)
in adherence to anthropological accuracy, the new flintstones will be a tribal hunter-gatherer society.
check out alex borstein's new trailer, just in time for the oscars
rt @ferntobinx: i love peter & stewie so bad!!! so good!! can't believe its all just drawings!! // how many bowls of trix have you had?
moderately chortle-worthy.
hey abc-- none of us knows what the hell gcb stands for.  is it that virus that turns into cervical cancer?
if you gotta lose a grammy, tony bennett's a good guy to lose to.  at least it wasn't martika.
really looking forward to that movie where reese witherspoon meets two whitley streiber aliens. 
someone hurry up and implode so comedy central can know who to roast next.
david lee roth is killin' it w/ this halftime show!
the interval between the civil war and the filming of gone with the wind is less than the interval between gwtw and today. #crazy
check out my pal johnny brennan's podcast on itunes-- the jerky boys show with johnny brennan
performing at the catalina jazz club this sunday-- keep your booze buzz goin' after the game 


never thought i'd say this, but newt's got it right on this issue.  ignore the naysayers & think big w/ space exploration.
rt @1031winner: make a family guy movie. // you make a family guy movie.
couldn't get my food at subway this afternoon because the sandwich artist was having a block.
great susan cain piece in the ny times today re: the dangers of increased reliance on teamwork over individual creativity.  'bout time.
rick santorum's stance on homosexuality is so fucking gay.
ive instructed my professional bookkeepers to still sometimes write 2011 on my checks, just to keep me grounded.
by now i bet demi moore is getting sick of patrick swayzes ghost always trying to contact her.
rt @kevin_alves: can we get a twitter pronunciation of fellow family guy producer cherry #crazylastname // chee-vah-prah-vaht-dum-rong
if i ever win an oscar, im gonna try meth, just once.  thats the deal.
crap, i accidentally watched a glee.  how many football games do i  
have to watch to cancel it out?
rt @headwarmaz: why don't you tweet more often? // because i'm devoting all my time to the construction of a perpetual motion machine.
rt @joeypeapott: please stop using kanye twitty as an excuse to waste time on family guy l. its fuckin retarded. // retweeted w/out comment.
yesterday i greened it but didnt mean it.
3rd attempt:  article by family guy writer patrick meighan


pick up jeff guinn's book "the last gunfight"-- an account of the showdown at the ok corral.  awesome.  can't put it down.
rt @goldienite: could you tell me the fg episode that has the law and order opening? i'm trying to find it! // i think it's blind ambition
rewatching last crusade. sad and weird that old indy has now outlived young indy by 18+ years.
still have not had one sweet dream made of anything involving annie lennox.
rt@littlematt775: what station is this going to air on? // family guy is a weekly narrative television program on the fox broadcast network.
looks like the old west was just fine with same-sex marriage.  when did america get so uptight?
my producing partners ex-wife has asked me to tweet this link.  
i cant buy the superfriends. the super part is believable, but no way theyre genuinely friends.
frankly, my dear, i dont give a damn. wait, now i do give a damn. okay, now i dont again. -- rhett romney
rt @drewmcfrizz: furious bananas. // and the allen / fishburne flick now has a title.
hey, la-- get a fucking haircut.
they should make a 21st century version of the board game "sorry" called "it was somebody else's mistake"
romcom: lame hollywood abbreviation, or cellular service provider?
rt @sach_29: who would win a voice over contest between sir patrick stewart and @sethmacfarlane? // stewart, hands down.  i am not worthy.
in the near future, when drunk army guys want to beat up some townies, theyll do it with an unmanned drone.
hey can someone explain world war one to me again?  still not gettin' that shit.
was just in the bookstore-- there is an entire section labeled "teen paranormal romance".  this is why the other countries are beating us.
rt @grizzlygrove: sundays family guy worst ever. no one wants to see meg as a real person, just stuff her face in peters butt and move on
thing i've never said #476: 
"hey, you mind if i put on some smash mouth?"
was over at cbs yesterday, and this was sitting in the hallway.  i made sure to wash my hands after spinning.
the next president should be decided by a grand hot-air balloon race around the world.
twitter poll: how is the rent?  too low?  about the right amount?
here's the album link for the uk:


watching jersey shore.  you know, i bet if i pulled a thorn from ronnie's paw, we'd be forever friends.
mr. mcgee, dont make me horny. you wouldnt like me when im horny. -- hulk porn
june 2013: president rick perry declares that before the decade is out, america should commit to landing a man on the sun.
summer 2013: "remo williams: the adventure continues"
be sure to watch the #sheenroast on @comedycentral monday night, with special surprise guest! (charlie sheen, for those easily surprised)
i wonder if the old west had nerds.
it must've been inconvenient for my high school poetry teacher when she got that yeats infection.
if you see one of our troops and they unknowingly have a booger hanging out, let them know about the booger, cause theyve earned that.
no, autocorrect.  i'm not trying to type "what the he'll".
rt @jonnysnaphappy: bought john wilson's album 'that's entertainment' wonderful! // wilson and his orchestra are unparalleled.  great album.
if we can't stop the hurricane by force... maybe we can trick it.
just saw a public service ad on the back of a bus that said, "is hiv in you?"  made me think of gatorade.
by minute 7 of the beatles' "i want you", i'm thinking "christ, john, just jerk off."
one need only examine photos from the era to see that in the '90s, bangs were used as a penis substitute.
we've come so far since edison invented the first twitterator.
always kinda eerie to see an actual coffin. wonder if cats feel similarly when they see a pillowcase.
rt@doinright: why are you liberals so afraid of her? // when i announced the flintstones, she thought it was for the history channel.
ssdd --as time goes by in tweet form
with our lousy credit rating, next time we wanna buy a tank, canada gonna have to cosign.
carrots: natures boner.
"cosmos" finally announced.  it's an honor and a thrill to work with ann druyan, steven soter, and @neiltyson.
this debt ceiling has felt like a giant meteor headed toward us, except i understand what a meteor is.
all the autotune in the world still doesn't sound as cool as talking into a desk fan.
who knows, this could be the year you decide to see a fuckload of art. 
-- museum memberships
shit- accidentally joined the foreign legion.  hijinks to come.
serenity rock gardens make me wanna fight and screw.
rt @ms_freckleface: r u an aviation buff? u always get the aircraft right in ur shows. // family guy has a 147-person research staff.
ff @studiocitycat
rt @the_luntz: goooooooal!  hey i played bass w/norah in your movie- hope ted doesn't suffer from "lack of funding"!  cheers! // great job!
if law & order were set in the 1800s, most witness testimony would somehow involve a keyhole.
with the shameful way were walking away from our space program, its like major tom died for nothing.
if you dont like being chased by irish dyslexics, dont be named chucky larms.
everyone should just be who they are. except for michele bachmann, who should be someone different.
phrase infrequently spoken by alex trebek: whole nother (e.g., theres a whole nother category still on the board).
rt@huntershort1: dude you know how long it took me to memorize the whole family guy song? // you might have a tumor.
same-sex marriage is legal and true blood is back.  pace yourself, gay guys.
ff @neiltyson @richarddawkins 
science over superstition.  need more like 'em.
rt @rhettbutler: hope scarlett asks me what she shall do, cause i got a total burn ready!
were all just basically searching for the right crotch.
this is an actual, medical thing: 
rt @tismeechristine: if you could replace an actor in a movie, who and what movie? // bob hope and lucille ball in rosemary's baby.
thank you, don henley music. i was in too good a mood just then.
when society collapses, who do i talk to about being killed last?
rt @draya22: could you explain the macaque thing?  i don't get it. // a macaque is also called a rhesus monkey.  ba-dum-fuckin'-bum.
i rock at that what is your porn name? game, cause my childhood pet was named balls and i grew up on fuckstick blvd.
somehow it wouldnt have been the same if tolkien had envisioned an all-powerful tennis bracelet.
i bet ed harris' shits could bite your hand off.
after a lively dinner with friends, bing crosby retired to the croonery.
funny movie flubs: at one point in contact, if you look very closely, you can see jodie foster sleep with a man?!?!
the word erotic is not the least bit erotic.
i keep forgetting the rules.  when jesus doesnt show up, is that 6 more weeks of winter?
now trending: nonsense.
my cat looks fucking great after that botox.
come and make the same mistake that we made! -- boat shows
need a new hobby.  think i'm gonna learn photosynthesis.
hey other men: im tweeting this from your moms phone. the implication being that shes sexually promiscuous: a big insult in our culture.
were method man and red man real, or did i dream that?
we killed osama, but we wont be safe til we kill superosama.
i respect a country that calls its currency the dong and doesnt take any shit for it.
rt @dugglebogey: @sethmacfarlane is your walter murphy the same walter murphy that did "a fifth of beethoven" in the 70s? / the very same.
too bad we dont still have bin ladens body, cause we could totally write on him!
filming on "ted" has begun at last-- best cast and crew a guy could ask for.
check out "ted"'s matt walsh tonight in the premiere of "high road"

rt @77flash: it always bothered me that he-man referred to man-at-arms as "duncan". / yes, it made them seem like friends of your father's.
rt @jockeyshifter: @rayparkerjr host busters!
like all great artists, tony danza never actually came out and said who the boss was. they left it to the viewer to decide.
rt@theotherjolie: seth, my bf won't let me get boob implants-- what do i do to convince him? // i'm guessing there's a stepdad in all this.
car window sticker for a 16th century christian predestinationist: john calvin peeing on stuff.
rt @neiltyson: we can't communicate with any "lower" species on earth. maybe aliens can't communicate with us for the same reasons.
hey twitter-- it's time for a raise.  we want 150 characters.
when kids run away from home, gay stuff happens. --peter pan, in tweet form
"i made your bed.  now would you like me to un-make it?" - turndown service
rt @joshsdugger: it seems like the more you tweet the unfunnier you guy. // is this today's "jumble"?
not enough people writing hit poems.
um.. hey social conservatives? if i accidentally get pink nail polish on me, will i still turn gay? i'm not clear on the science yet. #jcrew
admit it, boehner-- you just don't like the sound of "mayor goldie wilson".
wonder if billionaires watch arthur and go, no, this isnt what money is really like, this is fake.
calling someone baby during sex comes real close to a creepy line.
pet peeve #477: people brushing their teeth in movies.
i know i've led a tame life when i have half a glass of wine and a sudafed, then panic that i'm gonna end up like heath ledger.
continental drift makes me nauseous.
poverty is worse than not-poverty.  --the grapes of wrath in tweet form
this church isnt like most churches, say all churches.
erb's palsy is the csi: miami of palsies.
my beef with alien: not enough cowboys.  my beef with unforgiven: not enough aliens.
ff@jesscallmejaydi.  because we owe the jews.
retards are murderers. -- of mice and men in tweet form
the $150m we spent on libya last week couldve gone toward something useful, like getting scott walker seriously laid so hed lighten up.
socks + crocs + starbucks = contented sad person
dear angry birds: i want my goddamn life back.
i bet my doctor knows exactly when im gonna die, but isnt allowed to say cause of doctor ethics.
according to the new south dakota law, women seeking abortions are required to first sit through a viewing of "look who's talking too."
i was inspired that obama gave his whole war speech without stuttering.  wonder if theres a story behind that.
top headlines of this week "un coalition bombs libya", charlie sheen eats brick of coke
i think if the folks at the un would just watch the ending of "bananas", they'd save themselves a lot of trouble.
rt@missjreneejd: lot of animation/live action one-word titled movies out recently (paul, hop) how will yours be different? // it's a talkie.
rt @nothingclean: @sethmacfarlane does that mean in 6 months we'll be like "this is seti alpha five!!" ?
rt @tommyiswild: @sethmacfarlane how much makeup did they actually put on you? // it was sorta commander data, wasn't it?
rt @thedapperguru: seth you the man! stay black man, stay black. // i will.  i will always stay black.  i'll never watch "friends" again.
standing on a busy streetcorner and going boop boop is a not-cool way to mess with blind people.
rt @neil_dave: @sethmacfarlane king size bed / yup.  you'll be direct messaged with info.  that's all folks!
rt @ozetadev: @sethmacfarlane road to utopia // yep.  you'll be direct-messaged with info.
rt @kjirs: @sethmacfarlane van johnson. // was looking for cyd charisse, but this is also correct. you'll be direct-messaged w/ info
my 3/26 @clubnokia show
i dont know enough smittys.
rt @roomservice: sir, would you like more sleeve in your corn flakes?
im guessing that, in an actual footrace, its not that hard to keep  
up with the kardashians.
rt @nanolovesnick: haha i loved the family guuy this sunday man i laughed the whole half hour i watched it. // take your elbow off "shift".
wonder if the fish are down there right now, talking shit about us.
rt @chickenparmajon: your tweets are becoming as lame as family guy #losing // bullshit. family guy is way lamer than my tweets.
i think m-theory would be a good name for a rapper.
great, i just texted my uncle that im still mad he roped me.  thanks a lot, autocorrect!
really want this to happen sometime:
me: "the date!! quick, what's the date?!"
other person: "the 24th."
me: "no, dammit, i mean the year!!"
last nights weirdest red carpet moment: natalie portman arriving with a huge egg inside her.
christian bale looks ready to slay grendel.
meg ryan and john mellencamp, folks.  #the80sarefuckingeachother
performing upcoming big band album "music is better than words" live at club nokia- mar. 26. spec. guest sara bareilles
and the rich elves prospered while the poor elves i dunno, went away or died or whatever.  --end of tea party fantasy novel
something about bahrains revolution feels kind of us too-y.
rt @bubblegenius: @sethmacfarlane and hogan's heroes about a navajo sandwich shop? // nice.
immediately following a sex partner's orgasm, it's cool to softly whisper "zoom, zoom" into her ear.
i bet bernie madoff gets in trouble a lot for playing opera music over the prison pa system.
rt @sanja_jovanovic: @sethmacfarlane smokers cough. i approve. was he hot? // pneumonia cough.  and apostrophes are not for decoration.
my day would be a lot better if i stumbled across an enchanted staff carved from the horn of a unicorn.
egypt pulls off a revolution in two weeks. meanwhile, 20 years in, weve gotten nowhere on the whole kraft cheese and macaroni thing.
rt @zac416: @sethmacfarlane my whole family of 6 likes your show! // wow thanks, mr. brady!
alcohol is your achilles taint (intervention in a bizarro-world where achilles vulnerability was his taint)
so lady gaga was carried down the red carpet in a big egg.  only donald sutherland can save us from this crazy broad.
star wars is such a product of the 70s: no bras, and a scene about a trash compactor.
rt @kleioeukomos: evolution is still shaky ground. // we understand evolution better than we understand gravity.  yet no one denies gravity.
always seemed fucked up that gargamel could interact verbally with papa smurf, while all the while thinking, "i really wanna eat this guy."
i got a feelin. that tonights gonna be a meh night.
who decided that a hoodie is nightclub-wear? cause fuck you, that person.
when evolution takes a bong hit, you get the hammerhead shark.
it would've been awful to be an adult in the '70's, 'cause the only people you could have sex with were smelly '70's people.
why would someone put life coach on his business card when tool takes so much less space?
apparently r2-d2 is assisting the construction guys in my backyard.
im pretty much sciences bitch.
its a shame that weird al already blew his beat it wad in the '80s, cause the advent of twitter has opened up a new angle on that one.
rt@hannibalsmith: spent most of the day trying to figure out why a big shot oil tycoon would be so interested in a small-town diner.
1970's sci-fi.  no joke embellishment needed.  speaks for itself. #logan'sruntvseries
ive outsourced this twitter account to an indian call center. have you received excellent tweets today?
the reason librarians shush you is that bums like it quiet when they poop.
know that old bumper sticker about how the pentagon should have a bake sale?  well, now it can! #goodbyedadt
rt @staristhefuture: @sethmacfarlane are you looking for any new acts? // what am i, a vaudeville producer?
still looking for a sensei who teaches kung phooey.
called the exterminator cause i thought i had rats behind my wall.  ended up with a bunch of dead fraggles.
rt @travisgray: seth, did you sing live with the orchestra? or is the final vocal track going to be overdubbed? // live with the orchestra.
rt @sdakotaguy: @sethmacfarlane  hey, seth! is it your wife who voices on american dad and your other shows? // no, my sister, rachael.
rt @thylascene: @sethmacfarlane is that the neumann u47 mic? // it is.  here's one more.
i think a good title for a homosexual cooking show would be americas bottom chef.
this 4g is awesome!  now when are they gonna come out with 5g, cause this 4g sucks.
when the king of siam is getting laid and he doesnt want his roommate walking in, he hangs a thai on the doorknob.
rt @bj5969: @sethmacfarlane what's a tv show that no one is watching that you would recommend??? // american dad.
rt @adambritten: @sethmacfarlane hey seth, what's an overrated comedy movie that you wouldn't recommend? // taken.
"bet you'll never look at birds the same way again." --sam neill watching an adrien brody film
shit, i'm still writing 2010 on all my checks.
if youre gonna take a wife in the jetsons-future, look for one whos good at stopping crazy things.
okay, i hope you jesus-people got that out of your system.
rt @donmcvey: @sethmacfarlane hey seth. who do you think is the funniest actor ever? // jackie gleason.
rt @longsnap: who does the straight-man voice characters, like "the new brian?" // john viener, who is also a writer on the show.
seems like hannibal smith appeared in over three hundred different sea monster films.
you can tell when mcdonald's is mad at us cause thats when they bring back the mcrib.
rt @anonemouz: are those two songs in the fam guy road to the north pole episode available for sale online? // itunes - family guy christmas
apparently before mr. belvedere came along, bob ueckers family did a lot of jacket kicking.
if john edwards wants to talk to elizabeth edwards he can use john edwards.
the gop wont repeal dadt cause theyre nervous about those post-war victory parades.
weve now been in afghanistan longer than russia was! usa! #1!
family guy's hour-long xmas special airs this sunday.  if you don't like this one, then we should probably just break up.
someday therell be a porno parody of tangled, unfortunately.
disappointingly-false advertising:  bj and the bear
my uk diet for the past two weeks: chocolate, sandwiches, sausage, potatoes, and liquor.  have a vague memory of a u.s. dish called lettuce.
the uk is horrified by even the slightest glaze of snowy weather. i ordered a bowl of frosted flakes this morning and they closed the roads.
rt @markdukes95: wow @sethmacfarlane replyed to me // yeah.  suddenly fart jokes ain't so bad, are they, kruschev?
performing in uk w/ john wilson orchestra. venues are sold out except cardiff tomorrow night @ 7:30 -- st. david's hall. tix still available
had brain aneurysm in britain last night.  used the nhs.  good as new.
cost me 14 cents.
that's an ugly fuckin' pear.
rt @billionaires: okay, give us our tax cut, congress.  we bought you
fair and square.
god:  "see that one dude down there? imma fuck up his shit. 
- book of job in tweet form
actual press quote: "in a groundbreaking move, pope benedict xvi said yesterday that the use of condoms can be justified in some cases."
according to the harry potter theory of facial scars, joaquin phoenix is secretly a great wizard.
that jason bateman jizz movie just sorta came and went.
rt @lalupuslady: please "use lupus" on family guy.  raising lupus awareness is fun/funny! // you sure you got the right guy for that?
too bad prop 19 failed.  i wanted to try one of these doobies ive  
heard so much about.
in keeping with an overused, pretentious hollywood trend that won't fucking go away, family guy will now be called "the fat guy diaries".
africa makes fuckers crazy.. 
-- heart of darkness in tweet form
fyi: that unclear stewie lyric in the family guy theme song is "gee, our old lasalle ran great."
rt @soriano_: @sethmacfarlane ever had any paranormal experiences? // i swear i once saw the ghost of john cleese.
rt @shikoaugusto: @sethmacfarlane what's your take on family guy? // dude, family guy sux shitty balls.  south park rulz
rt @hall_of_gamer: using that logic, how can you say that aliens exist? // can't for sure.  but earth life is a form of compelling evidence.
hey parker brothers-- i know you're trying to hip things up, but i really don't think the clue mansion needs a pool.
robot chicken, huh?  well goddammit all.
the original stewie, from 1997.  looks a little cartoony, eh?
birthday approaching... another year of pretending to enjoy plays.
#ff @dearanyone & @jesscallmejaydi.  because that will distract them.
rt @lambo99boi: lol legend!! family guy is beast!!! // and the award for beast actor goes to mickey rourke.
"look how much shit there is."

-- rand mcnally's world atlas in tweet form
politicians.  pfft.  am i right?
i bet "running wilde" wins an emmy.  y'know... 'cause there's a character named emmy.  so... yeah.
i wonder what lurks in the eerie black void behind charlie rose.
i guess a slutty cajun chick would be called a heaux.
from time to time id like to update my itunes.  i wish that were offered occasionally.
if one of those chilean miners is gay, and he cant get laid right now, he never will.
#ff @thesulk. if you knew him, you'd hate him.
i'm not saying christine o'donnell is a witch, but it's a tad suspicious that those bobby pins hover in the air when she zips out of a room.
tweeting this again w/ my friend @neiltyson properly mentioned.  "death by black hole."  brilliant book by a brilliant astrophysicist.
in old adventure movies when the heroes find a treasure cave filled w/ diamonds and rubies, i'm always confused by the guy who takes a pot.
rt @bloatedcarcass: hey seth, i love u bro, but im drunk at a weddin. i respect u, bro. you ma my older bro love family guy. we connect b/c.
rt @lisapoet: your response if someone says "vote republican" // if it's 1956, i say, "very sensible!"  if it's 2010, i say, "not so much."
this christmas, i wish for grover to get a top lip.
hey jupiter.  nice surface, dick.
this exists.
touching someones chest and saying ill be right here is basically  
how a space alien says, i think we should see other people.
at least once a week, everyone should bike to work, so there will be 
less traffic for me.
for those viewers in the east:  remember not to give away family guy's surprise ending to those in the other time zones!   enjoy!
rt @marcotiero: @sethmacfarlane on average how many pages is a screenplay for 1 episode of family guy? // about 45 pages.
rt @b1ood0range: @sethmacfarlane who's your favorite composer? // probably have to give that one to john williams.
rt @ebenezerscrooge: xmas sux xmas rulz
doc brown scoffed at the thought that ronald reagan might someday be president, but deep down i bet he could kind of see it.
rt @christianmbravo: @sethmacfarlane men when back family guy?  //   sunday this back family guy enjoy cartoon happy.
booze and coffee are duking it out over whose bitch i am.
clubber lang is my dentist.  i asked his prediction for my upcoming root canal, and it was not reassuring.
how the hell do parents look at a newborn and say, "isn't he beautiful? he's like a little angel sent from heaven.  let's name him derek."
um... tmi, encyclopedia britannica.
an unfortunate placement of a cnn promo?  or an example of what's trendy?
rt @malin27:  how long does it take to make 1 episode of family guy ? // about 9 months. like giving birth to an infant who makes jew jokes.
what a smile on that bill belichick.
a million little feces -- james freys book about rabbit ownership
terry jones looks sort of like jim broadbent, but from the evil parallel universe adjacent to our own.
im concerned that our people-as-green-food-wafer technology isnt  
quite as far along by now as wed been promised.
we're running out of guys named boris.
hey, when those trapped miners in chile finally get back up here,  
lets all pretend to be robots from the future.
rt @gnarlyharley: @sethmacfarlane am i a horrible parent for letting my kid watch family guy?!  //  no.  you were always a horrible parent.
rt @chrissullivan85: @sethmacfarlane what's your favorite sit-com?  from any year.  mine might be three's company.

the o'reilly factor.
entertainment weekly reviewed "going the distance" as "a light and tasty morsel of a romantic comedy." in other news, i now have diabetes.
if "contact" is correct about the range of our tv signals, then the cast of jersey shore are our ambassadors to alien civilizations.  fuck.
dear nicholas sparks:  please add some spaceships to your work.  thank you. 
sincerely, seth macfarlane
to people on facebook: i cannot get enough pictures of your dogs.  stop being fucking stingy and let me see your goddamn dogs, you assholes.
my imaginary guy is better than your imaginary guy.

-religious conflict tweet
now that health care is out of the way, obama can focus on this more serious problem.
i really think glenn beck deserves bieber fever.
photo essays of the current depression wont be nearly as iconic as the last one, cause of no stubby cigars.
kids seem cute but theyre really assholes.  --lord of the flies in tweet form.
the new season of family guy starts sept. 26th.  the season premiere may be my new personal favorite episode.  i await judgment.
what's this "i've got a golden ticket" shit, grandpa joe?  that belongs to charlie.  go dab your bedsores.
hellcats, huh?  way to shake up your formula, cw.  christ.
true fact:  william h. macy auditioned for brian on family guy in 1997.  i think i made a bad call.
tip: go on itunes and download the album "fancy meeting you here" - bing crosby & rosemary clooney.  thank me later.  fucking great record.
my therapist looks a lot like lee horsley.  maybe it really is lee horsley.  i wonder if there's any way to find that out.
rt stephanie_diaz @sethmacfarlane your producer rocks it hardcore. just an unnecessary fyi i'm sure. / / but the baseball.....
@saytata thank you
congrats to 2014 comedy grammy nominees @kathygriffin, @craigyferg, @ron_white, tig notaro and @bobsaget!
no. no, i am not going to do "we're up all night to eat turkey."  but happy thanksgiving anyway!
it never really feels like christmas until i put on my @justinbieber santa hat.
everybodys got an endorsement deal these days.
scientists have empirically proven it's impossible to start an online comment with "um" without following it with something kinda dickish.
as a fan of mad magazine since childhood, this was a huge deal for me: i just met sergio aragones.
.@barackobama  hey man, just wanted to compliment your fine work in the opening credits of homeland.
man. hate these asteroid fields.
looking more like me every day.
the best halloween costumes of 2013 (part 4)
now you can freeze your brain - and your whole face - at the same time!
separated at birth
i've decided i want to be the first director to shoot a movie in "magic eye" 3d.
banana man lives!  #adventuretime 
cause and effect
man, they are really protective of their backstage deli trays here!
i know it's several years away, but i already know what i'm wearing to my daughter's graduation.
am i the only one that's had badfinger running through his head all week?
having lunch with one of my all-time heroes, mr. stan freberg.
i am so excited for tonight i can't even stand it!  #lowwintersun
signing books in new jersey tonight! not even kidding!!
we just had a huge spike with americone dream in our homicidal nazi meth-head demographic!  ben and jerrys sales analyst #breakingbad
in case you missed my big book-signing event at the grove in l.a.  dont worry, you didnt, its tomorrow! 
just downloaded ios 7 - really like the new interface (it can read my lips!)
wow.  i did not see that coming. 
"would you rather eat a steak, or eat a plate full of snot?" -- my daughter, testing the limits of my vegetarianism
talented barista!
i sure hope i don't get a big head over this. 
electronic billboard on tulsa highway:
just showed "airplane" to my daughter for 1st time. harder than i thought explaining 40-year-old pop culture references to a 10-year-old.
here's a pic of me from @matthoylephoto's great new book "comic genius: portraits of funny people" (out 10/15):
delta airlines would have much higher customer ratings if theyd just answer the phone, delta delta delta, can i help ya help ya help ya?
just for fun i visited my old myspace page. yeah, its still there, but now theres a bunch of kids skateboarding in the swimming pool.
just cause they're planning a saul goodman spin-off doesn't mean he's going to make it out of this season of breaking bad alive. #zombiesaul
tonight on adult swim, be sure to watch the greatest episode of "children's hospital" ever created. (purely by coincidence, i'm in it.)
okay, @aaronpaul_8, @bryancranston, @rjmitte, @betsy_brandt and @deanjnorris lets do this!!!
sad to see we live in a society thats still so segregated.
tonights the last show of the penultimate leg of the alpocalypse tour. are you ready, des moines?? (that was rhetorical. assuming you are.)
me, in the role i was born to play (madonna's dad):
this is probably the best albuquerque / breaking bad mash-up youre likely to see today:
going to montana soon.  will i be a dental floss tycoon?  time will tell.  #missoula #wilmatheatre
next special issue: "why are they still hanging around?"
sorry, i'm not allowed to have any variety on stage tonight.
you had your chance, but sorry, i'm not available to be on your show now. snooze lose, blue's clues.
i hope my "harlem shake" video doesn't feel too dated when it comes out 5 or 6 months from now.
if your lifes goal is to incrementally add to the first week sales number for my new book, todays your last chance!
what i did yesterday (a photo essay):
hello, cincinnati!  ill be at joseph-beth booksellers at 7:00 tonight to sign copies of my new teacher and me!  lets do this!!
my new childrens book, my new teacher and me, is officially out today!  officially buy a copy wont you? 
hurry! this is the last day you can pre-order my new book! (after that you can only regular-order it!)
my band and i perform some songs you dont normally get to hear us play on this weeks studio 360:
wheee, on our way to bonnaroo!  please tell me im not the only one whos going to be performing naked.
my wife thinks i'm being too "thrifty" but really... who uses a q-tip just once?  #nsa  #bieber
i just threw up in somebody else's mouth a little bit.  #hotnewcatchphrase
heres the trailer for my new childrens book:
it's not really a proper merry-go-round unless there's a dung beetle on it.
i cant believe they completely overlooked this seminal historical moment in #behindthecandelabra. 
in case you were watching my live youtube performance, yes, they stopped the track in the middle of the song so i had to bail. sorry!
oh man.  so terribly sad.  we lost a great one.  #ripraymanzarek
whats the sexiest part of your body? you might be surprised - its your genitalia! #thismonthincosmo
my new kids book is finally coming out next month!  please feel free to pre-order it, if you're so inclined:
yes!!  finally i get billed above the swine festival! 
whoa. just found out about the "citizen kane" curse. turns out virtually everyone involved with that movie is now dead. #spooky
had some trouble coming back over the canadian border - 3 of my band members tested positive for poutine.
got my choices narrowed down for a new phone cover but... so hard to decide!
are you ready for your mystery date? 
i'm not allowed to give any details, but yesterday i did some stuff... with some guys... for a thing!  it'll be out in the future!
i'd like to wish all my confused jewish friends dyeing easter eggs today a happy paasover.
enjoying nature.
looks like my core demographic has shifted. according to my @ mentions, i'm now extremely popular with russian spam-bots. #
not-so-great news for the folks (like me!) who have been working on star wars: detours
pwned that laparoscopic cholecystectomy!
i'm having my gall bladder removed on thursday. and ebay bidding starts in 3... 2...
maybe "dare to be stupid" should be our new national anthem?
i cant stay up late tonight, so congrats in advance to argo, spielberg, danny lewis, jenny lawrence, annie hathaway and grumpy cat. #oscars
im exactly the right age for this sh*t!! #unusedactionmoviecatchphrases
sorry, but in good conscience i can't celebrate presidents day. #bitememillardfillmore #youknowwhatyoudid
its been several months isnt it time to reboot the spider-man franchise again?
happy 10th birthday to my favorite human, @ninayankovic.  #decadaughter
my interview with dee snider:
just got an inside tip on the half-time show: beyonce scheduled to lip-sync to @jonathancoultons baby got back. cant wait!
everybody put your hands in the air and wave them like you dont have a particularly strong opinion about anything.
i just met a guy that lost both his arms in an industrial accident.  so sad.  didnt have a humerus bone in his body.
so this is what braveheart was going on about?
dont you hate that one person who just refuses to wang chung, and ruins it for everybody else?
casting news: andy serkis has just signed on to play the role of lower-case h in captcha - the movie!
@sethrogen will get right to work on that.
what? no supporting actor nod for his groundbreaking work in thats my boy?? great, academy. thanks for breaking vanilla ices heart.
goodbye, maui. see ya again soon.
canada didn't exactly dominate in the olympics, but i still give them an "eh" for effort. #leftover2012tweets
happy new year!  (and to all my chinese friends, happy tuesday.)
#ff @robdelaney even though he did totally rip off my old avatar photo. 
ok, if norads santa-tracking data is identical to last years, that will pretty much confirm my suspicion of a giant government conspiracy.
planning to spend my last day on earth just like every other day (i.e. naked and shivering in the closet). #happyalpocalypse
today i was one of those idiots who tweets without reading the news first. so sorry. my heart goes out to all those involved in the tragedy.
"you're an a-hole, mr. grinch" #firstdraftchristmassongs
it's only a matter of time before @pontifex starts following @ashleytisdale. #gotmoneyridingonit
remember in the days before e-mail, when people would write actual letters that would be delivered by magical owls?
if i associate bob marley with anything, it's mocha!
looks like they misfiled one of my albums again.  (or did they??)

i really need to upgrade my iphone one of these days.  i've still got one of those old rotary models.
i'm glad the spice girls are still able to get endorsement deals.
happy election day, everybody!  hope your candidate wins!
the best halloween costumes of 2012 - part 3:
mummy dogs
heres @moroccas piece on mad magazine from cbs sunday morning  im in it for a few seconds
thanks so much for the birthday wishes, everybody!!  (group hug)
if you ever go to a casino in the soviet union, a word of warning: over there "russian roulette" is just called "roulette."
just wrapped up my canadian tour (both cities)  im back in the u.s. now. gotta remember not to drive on the left side of the road anymore.
it was pretty thoughtful of the city council to put up these signs outside the venues where we're playing.
quiz answer: no you can't.  that picture was taken 6 years before i was born. thanks for playing.
what the-- this was paradise just last week!
really?  still??  - wichita linemans wife
trying to figure out the least useful thing i ever learned in school. right now it's a toss-up between morse code and using a slide rule.
i'm currently shooting a holiday special with alice cooper, carly rae jepsen and an anthropomorphic orange. #typicalday
let's all give a pinch to grow an inch to the brilliant @johnkricfalusi1 and the sexy @ericstonestreet.
ugh, ive got so much cartilage in my nose right now. - me, successfully grossing out my kid
what am i going to do with all this left-over liquid paper i bought in the 80s?  guess ill re-paint my bedroom.
sorry, tonights concert venue isnt admitting anybody under age 21. the good news is, looks like i can finally do my show in the nude.
so excited  im only 97,323,599 away from having 100 million followers!!
tempus fugit, buckaroos - the spine-tingling season finale of face to face on the nerdist youtube channel is out tomorrow!
i'm grateful that my dressing room door reminds me of both my exalted position and my sex.
great moments in rock #237:
by the way, olympic athletes: you can cool it with the camera phones.  the show is being televised - i bet someone will record it for you.
why would anybody want really, really small tapioca?
honored to hear @jonathancoulton singing weird al cover songs on the new @npraskmeanother episode:  
if you give a mouse a cookie, not only are you a rodent enabler, but you are most likely exacerbating a serious infestation problem.
i see what you did there = hipster rotflmao
i wonder what horrifying percentage of my life i spend watching a little blue bar move left to right across a computer screen.
this day in history at a convention in france celebrating the villain from star trek ii, a dance craze was born: the cannes khan-con can-can
sorry to hear that tom cruise's marriage has jumped the couch.
do you like drew barrymore, or do you like drew carey more? #fakeogdennash
remember when i used to look like this?  seems like just yesterday.
my exclusive interviews with harrison ford and rose mcgowan:
instead of designing new hardware, next year apples entire randd budget will be used to figure out why nobodys using ping! #wwdc
tim cook announced that with the new mountain lion os, your apple computer will actually become sentient! awesome! #wwdc
starting at 10:00 am pacific time, i will be live-tweeting the apple keynote address.  so excited!  #wwdc
i'll be interviewing harrison ford on the next episode of face to face (out tuesday) - what would you like me to ask him?
omg!!  check it out - this is totally off the hook!
hey @brentspiner, you gonna let your friends talk trash behind your back like this??
so does the tar pit match the drapes? #inappropriatedinosaurpickuplines
... much!!! 
sylvester stallone! antonio banderas!
never! never!!!
oh, so that's where everything is.
people in albuquerque are so friendly!  these guys even invited me to their meth lab!
nice jugs! 
"life is nothing but a series of tweetable moments" - ren descartes
you can't walk through hot lava, even if you're wearing ice cube shoes. #thingsivelearnedfrommykid
hope you caught andy samberg's weird al impersonation on snl last night!
roach hotel california  roaches check out any time they like, but they can never leave!  #rockmerch
why would the airline be encouraging people to do this?
i wonder if actual fools feel empowered or patronized by april fools day?
kneeling on the floor in my underwear shouting "you don't get to have this!" at my wife... doesn't work.  #madmen
do you think this is okay to eat?
oh hai, ironic smokehouse!
looks like @elibraden beat me to the daylight savings time joke... you win this time, eli!
feast your eyes! rt @galleries1988 and here is the entire @alyankovic career retrospective screenprint set revealed!
rip davy jones.
my @wtfpod cast with @marcmaron is up now! 
oh, the huge manatee!!!
why do they not make urinal pies?  #cakeconspiracy
celebrating 500 episodes!
ll cool j just made a quick exit after the grammys - presumably to run to the store for some lip balm.
.@kathygriffin is here - now it's a party.
if youd like to see me lose two grammys live  theyre streaming the pre-telecast ceremony starting at 1:00 pst here:
@taylorswift13 i'll be mangling one of your songs tonight on craig ferguson's show. sorry!
"an extinction level event threatens mankind...the world has only one hope left... teddy ruxpin." #superbowlmoviead
kids!  remember to leave a ground hog under your pillow tonight, so you can see what the ground hog fairy brings you!
its hard to pick a candidate to vote for  theyre just all so wonderful!  im guessing no one, in any election, ever
people love walking on flat surfaces so much they will walk up a flight of stairs to do it. #whatirememberfrom4yearsofarchitectureschool
why aren't they asking the important questions in these debates?  i need to know where the candidates stand on arugula.
ahhh!  oh god im dying!  nooo!!!  ioh, wait, i had a beet salad last night.
yeah.  dog toys.
im thinking about opening a karate school for vagrant clowns.  #hobobozodojo
dvr alert!  my episode of behind the music remastered airs tomorrow night (saturday) on vh1 classic.
new years resolution #12: try to cut down on my vices (sugar, hunting humans for sport, etc.)
don't go carryin' pictures of chairman mao.  #yousayyouwantaresolution
still learning how to make brownies.
as per usual, boxing day is either being marginalized or completely ignored by the lamestream media. #waronboxingday
i personally know a lot of nerds, and ive never seen one with tape on the bridge of their glasses. #notetohollywood
one of rene magritte's lesser works:
weird al eats it #predictyourowndeathheadline
ill know its time to go back on the road when i finally run out of those mini hotel soaps.
sure, my neighbors can leave their christmas lights up all year, yet they complain about me setting off fireworks every night. sheesh!
the beeps that my microwave makes when the food is ready sound exactly like the beginning of like a surgeon. #panasonicowesmeroyalties
thanks for the original artwork, @garfunkeloates!
i know it makes sense to alphabetize my dvd shelf, but it still seems wrong to have "hotel rwanda" right next to hot tub time machine.
i swear, some days its just not even worth strapping on your studded leather codpiece.
things are getting intense at @nerdist's birthday bowling party...
i have to assume that "got your nose!" game got really old with voldemort after a while.
trying to beat a speeding ticket. look, if you factor in the rotation of the earth in the opposite direction, i was really going -780 mph.
while i think its unlikely that were the only forms of life in the universe, im pretty sure were the only ones that deep-fry twinkies.
hey blu-ray fans! alpocalypse hd is out today!! 
thanks a lot for the jet airplane backstage, but it's the wrong color.
omg!!!!!
finally found our pumpkin for halloween this year. 
@andy_richter so where's your blimp?
still in nyc with my family - going to go see the book of mormon tonight. thats appropriate for my 8-year-old daughter, right?
look it up!  "mitt romney" is actually an old german phrase, which loosely translated, means "with romney."
please tell me this isn't some kind of a euphemism.  #ouch
no, no, no!!  i said i wanted cookies backstage!!!
tonights the night we find out that walter white and gus fring are the same person, a la fight club. #didntseethatcoming
rip steve jobs.  thanks for improving life as we know it.
future anthropologists will be able to pinpoint the exact moment that frat rock officially segued from hootie to dave matthews.
comedy central is trying to get #weirdal to trend to promote my show tonight. what an idiotic idea. #weirdal # weirdal # weirdal # weirdal
is it too much to ask for my wife to wear this around the house all the time?
dont feel obligated to watch my "alpocalypse tour" special on comedy central this saturday night at 9/8c.  just dvr it and watch it later.
ok, uk now??
hey, look!  its the world premiere of my new music video:
congrats to michael stipe!  now he can start that r.e.m. cover band he always wanted.
i bet horses are really disappointed that hollywood is using cgi instead peanut butter to make them talk now.  #mredftw
oy, youre killing me with this song and so softly! #jewishrobertaflack
forget dianetics  this book could change your life.
my daughter loves her new jungle gym!
1. kill hitler  2. buy apple stock  3. turn off that downstairs faucet  #timemachinechecklist
ah, my old alma mater...
this is why you shouldnt let road crews drink on the job.
bob dylan goes electric and 46 years later, weird al goes digital.
okay, everybody all at once, yell out the name of your favorite bone!  ready?  1 2 3 clavicle!!
fun breakfast idea: cut a big hole out of the middle of your toast, and fill it with pie!  #breakfastofchampions
my weirdest fan experience, animated:
my 8-year-old daughter totally fell asleep at the table during dinner last night.  that girl can not hold her alcohol.
artwork created by my daughter and @ericstonestreet on the flight back from montreal:
my most challenging interview to date: 
new york!  boston!  orlando!  atlanta!  nashville!  denver!  austin!  lots more!! 
toronto peeps! i'm shooting my big live concert special at massey hall tomorrow! tickets still available, but hurry hurry hurry!
the alpocalypse tour begins tonight.  let's do this thing!!!
great news! just found out my new album is so popular that i'll definitely be a trending topic on twitter when i die. #cantwait
did you know that @thomaslennon and robert ben garant have a great new book out? #youdonow
in case youre interested, pretty much all of the music videos from #alpocalypse are now online:
weird al radio
i wish i could go back in time and show this to my 12-year-old self  it would blow his mind.
i'm sorry to announce that you can no longer pre-order my new album. you can only regular-order it. #thealpocalypseishere !!!
the #alpocalypse is almost upon us - my new album drops at midnight!!  #brokenrecord #shutup #enoughalready
my new video will have its broadcast premiere tomorrow on vh1s big morning buzz live. ill be there too! 
another sneak peek from the "perform this way" video!  disturb-ariffic, kids! 
tonight will most likely be the very last time i perform youre pitiful live.  #hangingupthetutu
thanks so much everybody!  so glad you're liking the new album!  #alpocalypse
hipsters and audiophiles, rejoice!
feel free to attach monofilament to my lips and eyelids for hilarious open-casket pranks! #lastwillandtestament
thinking of changing my look again. considering anton chigurh haircut and unibrow tattoo.
i always drive in the diamond lane, because i think it's fair to count the microscopic organisms living on my skin as passengers.
coming soon.
album pre-orders!  deluxe packages!  consumers, go forth and consume!

on the slight off chance that the apocalypse doesn't happen today, be forewarned - the #alpocalypse is still on for june 21!
we just like to pretend they're hot.
day 1 of the "perform this way" video shoot. looks just like the original set, doesn't it?
if you are one of the 3 people in the world that doesnt know it yet, @thelonelyislands new album is out now! #turtleneckandchain
did you know that if you ever run out of shaving cream, warm velveeta is a quick and easy replacement?  #householdhints
wanna be in a video? 
whoevers doing these my little pony videos  youre killin it!
butwhat does it all mean?? 
stock watch: i predict a sharp decline in sales for the paas dye company, starting tomorrow.
my saga with @ladygaga 
hmm.  i don't get it.
#ff sticking it to the man since 2009: @joemande @elibraden @neilhamburger
cant you ever be serious??  rt @normmacdonald: good morning. i hope all is well.
according to the tv ads, the main selling point of the at&t iphone is the ease at which it allows you to boldly lie to your wife.
at any moment, day or night, a meteorite could cave your skull right in. #alwaysalwaysalwayswearahelmet
as nostradamus predicted, tonight i'll be joining forces with batman and scooby doo on cartoon network (6:30 pm est).
um, this is not true. at all. way to fact-check, hollywood reporter.
ill bet michael richards is thrilled that hes no longer the most-hated uhf cast member.
weird al roker jams on @latenightjimmy:
"his back by popular demand"?  really?  really???
do you ever look at your watch when youre in a dream?  dont even bother, you idiot, thats not the real time!
i'm sorry, but the beatles really jumped the shark when ringo joined the group. #teampetebest
youre the one whom i want #grammaticallycorrectjohntravoltaandolivianewtonjohnsongs
lie lady lie #grammaticallycorrectbobdylansongs
i know it's not as culturally significant as sheen's korner, but it looks like they just found life in outer space.
wow, @charliesheen is on twitter! great - finally we'll get to hear about what he's been up to.
encountering various wild animals in the forest: make myself big or small?  #neediphoneapp
i'm sorry to report that, due to obvious reasons, our christchurch show has been cancelled. our thoughts go out to all our friends there.
oh, snap!!  retro diss!  (at 1:37)
very excited to hear that daniel day-lewis has signed on for the lead role in martin scorseses angry birds: the movie
another road report from 1995:
now that my books a bestseller, harpercollins is really ramping up the promo. 
just found out  when i grow up debuts at number 4 on the ny times list!  wow, thanks, everybody!!
can an audiobook be 7 minutes long??  yes, apparently so.  itunes link:
great movie idea: two people meet. they hate each other at first, but then they wind up falling in love! (youre welcome, hollywood.)
25 interviews and a book signing yesterday - whew!  today: good day new york and another signing at bookends in ridgewood, nj!
today tomorrow! (by which i mean that i'll be interviewed on nbc's "today" show tomorrow morning)
blueberryz??!  hellz yeah!!  #extremedogfoodftw
if youre not familiar with the concept of irony, you should probably unfollow me, as many of my tweets will only confuse you.
i think its about time to bring back the streaking craze.  okay, @kingsthings, you start.
at a pleasant soire w/ @suzanneyankovic, @sethgreen, @claregrant & @photoeye22.
please continue to hold - your call is very important to us. yeah, i can totally detect the sarcasm there, staples.
hold on... the cryogenically frozen disembodied head of baseball great ted williams is now a homeless youtube singing sensation??
yo-yo ma's mama's yo-yo  #celebritygaragesale
attn: dinah
hey, im on a list!  thanks, huffpo! 
ive decided to celebrate the new year by sharing these embarrassing answering machine messages from 1985.
wheel of fish!!!
yes, i was one of the original beastie boys (they later decided to go in a less accordion-driven direction).
road reflectors or subliminal advertising from big tobacco?
finally somebody has combined the satanic imagery of @rwzombie with the tasty goodness of coffee.
at the same time crossed early as hideous leopard suit the audience at random women horny. #googletranslatereviews
hey, surf city squeeze!  its not cool to mock asian people.
at a "coffee shop" in amsterdam. i swear, i'm just here for the free wifi.
gy!be @ atp ftw! #uk
now when @serafinowicz tweets good morning it finally makes sense.  its morning here!  #uktour
ok, uk... here i come!!!
wayne egretsky #hockeyplayingbirds
this headline is inaccurate  i never regretted the decision. its just a bummer to turn down that much money, you know?
oops, sorry, that last tweet was supposed to be a dm.
i am now required by law to have this sign posted next to me whenever i appear anywhere in public.
my daughter just coined a new word: when you really, really mean something, youre being sincerious.  #attnwebsters
cleaning out my storage locker. i wonder if i should keep all this black mold? #sentimental
i was going to stay at this motel last night, but the logo wasnt quite phallic enough. ive got my standards!
at lax pay phone for the next 25 minutes - if you want to chat, i'm at (310)216-4874.
dont forget to vote today.  unless youre a complete idiot.  in which case, really, feel free not to.
uk tweeps: theres supposed to be a big piece about me in the london times on sunday  let me know how it turned out!
backstage at w00tstock
back in the studio today... recording 2 more songs for the new album!
still my favorite interview of all time! rt @juddapatow: i saw you in poughkeepsie in 84 and interviewed you for high school radio
i was diagnosed as peripatetic during my tour this summer.  but don't worry, i'm much better now.
just confirmed: i'll be touring australia & nz in march! dates tba soon.
i promise you, i have not been uploading my twitpics sideways.  it's an enigma, i tell you!
another sunday night, another arm-wrestling match with @fred_willard...
good lord...
btw, plympton's new film "idiots and angels" (premiering in nyc on october 6th at the ifc center) is the greatest movie i haven't seen yet.
john travolta is awesome! hes totally going to let me switch faces with him! so excited!!
a message from g.a.y.s.:
the wise and wonderful @rainnwilson wrote a new book that will melt your collective faces off! 
rt @funnyordie: weird @alyankovic wants you to have an awesome weekend.
dear @dalailama, twitter is a 2-way street  you really should follow somebody. may i suggest @50cent, or @ashleytisdale?
keep it classy, associated press.
literally??!
happy anniversary, @thegreatbermuda! (i met my drummer and debuted another one rides the bus 30 years ago today.)
hey @rwzombie, before you move on to another genre, how about nature trail to hell in 3-d  the movie?
farewell, fan mail from the '80s.  i shall keep you forever in my heart, but no longer in my storage locker.
speaking of itunes, i just started my own ping profile  but can anybody tell me how i can get an artist account?
fun show in minneapolis tonight.  other than that one weird moment when prince bum-rushed the stage.  #awkward
sorry for my lack of dates in the stroke belt this tour. 
trying to decide on the next family pet... cockapoo or sharktopus?
mind your own falcon business!  rt @belledraco: if i'm not mistaken, i believe that's actually a falcon...
wow, waffles for just .25 cents?  that means i can get 400 for a dollar!!
at the fairs request, my show in lancaster on saturday will be abridged (only 2 hours).  so you can spend more time at the tractor pull.
rt @mikerosenstein: photo: weird @alyankovic!!! best concert ever.
performing in arizona tonight.  i'll make sure to have my citizenship papers ready.
the apple headquarters in cupertino is awesome!  the best part?  free wi-fi!  wooo!
will you please stop staring at my wife&#039;s buns.
okay, one more north american date.  who loves ya, austin?

had a great day off in the land of powell's books and voodoo doughnuts.  #portland
back in the pacific time zone.  finally, my watch is telling the correct time again.
its good to see that my band is eating well on the road.
me, in a slingshot.
hmmm... i keep feeling like i'm forgetting something...
just tried some vegan bison taint. tastes amazingly like the real thing!
im looking more and more like my twitter avatar every day.
venue change!  my show in san antonio this sunday will now be at the fabulous majestic theatre.
i had so much fun at the toledo zoo, i decided to join the staff.
progress report: 
i think the studios should give m. night shyamalan just 30 or 40 more chances to make another good movie  then thats it.
always great catering here in toledo. tonight it's twinkie-wiener sandwiches and blueberry daiquiris.
new dates!  8/10 at the warfield in san francisco!  8/12 at the phoenix celebrity theatre!  8/20 at the henderson nv pavilion!
i'm at a casino for the next two days, but not gambling, since i'm not really sure when to hold 'em or when to fold 'em.
new merch! 
did you know that jon bon jovi is actually french for jon good jovi?  #amazingbuttrue
so excited - just met the star of the movie!!
sure, @oprah owns 2/3 of the world's land mass, but does she have her own set of trading cards?
btw, london, no pressure or anything, but if these tickets sell quickly, ill probably be able to book more european dates.
new tour dates!  oregon!  california!  new york!

sorry - forgot about the backwards month/day thing.  to confirm - my uk dates are dec. 5 & 6 - my first european shows ever!
i love beaver!
i would just like to take this opportunity to wish you and yours a very happy national accordion awareness month.
rt @bpglobalpr: can we just start calling it the oilcean and move on please? #bpcares
what?  i'm on the @nerdist podcast?  no way!! 
im in austin with my family for the uhf screenings at the paramount.  today will be the first time that my daughter sees the movie.
if youre a phan of the phunny, do yourself a phavor and check out new album by @phirm:
my comedy death ray podcast with weirder scott is now up:
thanks to tom kenny (the voice behind spongebob and a zillion other characters) for dropping by the studio!
taking a break in the studio.  right now i'm in the special room where michael jackson used to hang out with bubbles.
i cant believe we went all the way through the last 10 years without collectively agreeing what to call that decade.
the rednosenet.com marathon is almost over - be sure to donate and/or buy the charity single!
i remember this as if it were just 29 years ago (it's actually been 29 years and 1 week). 
strange... i'm at home in l.a., and yet a hundred people just told me they saw me playing drums with mgmt on snl.
okay, austin, stop crying!  they just added a 2nd uhf screening.
you can use lemon juice to get the goat's blood out of the drapes.  #householdhints
first band rehearsal for the tour today.  lots of people buying tickets, so i thought maybe we should practice or something.
whats going on here??  i wake up this morning, and justin biebers not trending.  i dont want to live in a world like this!
deepest sympathies.  my thoughts are with you.  rt @timheidecker: it is with great sadness that i announce i am no longer following @train
just uploaded all my old twitvids to youtube: 
btw, @sarahpalinusa, doing fake interviews was my idea.
he's back!  rt @emophilips: i'm not catholic, but i gave up picking my belly button for lint.
exciting time to be alive - #140tweets is available now, and @stuartcornfeld has unleashed his 2nd tweet!
the great @benfolds tries his hand at chat roulette improv:
rt @funnyordie: between two ferns w/ zach galifianakis: ben stiller
my favorite part of night of 140 tweets was the giant human pyramid we all formed at the end.  #nopics #didnthappen
women, right?  cant change their molecular structure; cant harvest their internal organs and sell them on the black market.
10 minutes left...
my favorite socket wrench?  double hex 11mm end tubular angled!  whats yours?
oh, great.  i just found out i'm arsenic-intolerent.
really enjoyed my $58 soy vanilla latte this morning. #parkingticket
remember this intervizzle? 
someone commented on my mick jagger interview: isnt he the guy ke$ha mentions in tik tok?  #feelingold
my first big bunch o summer tour dates has just been announced!  lookie! 
is it wrong to shoot fish in a barrel? 
of course - that's what uhf was missing... muppets!
want to embed my latest videos, or watch them in hd?
rt @lifesizeld: grammy-schmammy! you know you've made it when they name a race horse after you!
hey, you'll never guess who's on twitter - ashton kutcher!  he's @aplusk!  i'm totally serious!
colbeeeeeeeeert!!!!!!
wow, this is so exciting - in just three days ill be losing a grammy to stephen colbert!
so im going to direct a movie. 
sorry, i dont do a shatner impression.  you might try @kevinpollak. 

rt @smjonnybgoode: shatner. impression?
happy b-day to two of my favorite tweeple in the world, @rainnwilson & @markryden.
the biggest perk of my job is i get to hang out with movie stars. 
have you seen the new okgo video yet?  love these guys. 
happy birthday, charles nelson reilly. 
cnr was a 2nd cousin of wally cox and a direct descendant of atilla the hun.
cnr was in the movie french connection, but they cut him out cause he made hackman look like a whiny little girl.
michael bolton and @joshgroban are next door to me in the recording studio.  time to start that supergroup!
its already the second week of january and im still writing 1983 on my checks.
tonight on the biography channel: my biography special, followed by the premiere of my shatners raw nerve interview
my first 300 or so tweets have disappeared... why, twitter?  whyyyyyy?
is barking up the wrong tree really that much worse than barking up the correct tree?  they both seem like a huge waste of time to me.
its boxing day!!  its boxing day!!  are you hearing this??  its boxing day!!!
dont forget, spring forward, fall back, summer sideways, winter time warp.
my interview with @williamshatner airs tonight on shatners raw nerve (bio channel).
new interview in the onion: 
tweet what u want for christmas & we'll buy it for one of you up to $1,000. include link
rehearsing with the pixies, then going to a book fair at my daughter's school.  another typical day.
 congrats to my fellow nominees @letwits, @mjmckean, @kathygriffin, @georgelopez, @stephenathome & patton twitphobe oswalt!
i'm on stage at ucb right now.
it's thanksgiving eve!  i cant wait till tomorrow morning to see if crazy ol st. larry left me any gravy under my pillow.
did you know if you let the batteries in your segway run all the way down, you can't re-charge them again?  i do!  now.  #1stworldproblems
i'll be guest d.j.-ing on l.a.'s 100.3 fm (the sound) today at 6 pm pacific time.
rt @defconqueso:  "my cologne-a by @alyankovic"  #celebrityperfumes
psst!  hey, wanna widget? 
since you asked, you can listen to my radio special here:
ill be singing a pixies song.  with the pixies. 
um, i'm being told now that it's not cnn tv - i'll be on cnn.com/live.
getting ready to tape late night w/ @jimmyfallon - check it out tonight!
in case you missed my interview-a-thon with @kevinpollak, you can witness it at
balls of fur  #oneletteroffmovies
huge thanks to @thomaslennon and ben garant for hosting my radio special. coming soon to a radio near you.
rt @jackinthecrack: having @alyankovic's picture up on the wall doesn't make waiting for jury duty any easier
@thomaslennon will be making the funny this weekend at the hollywood improv.  attendance is mandatory.
scribble talk! 
hey, l.a.-ers, ill be hosting the comedy death-ray screening of top secret tonight at the cinefamily.
phil proctor asked me to plug this:
rt @mjmckean: new word to describe women who are more than reubenesque: boterobese!
attention pacific northwest stalkers!  i'm doing a grip-and-grin with contest winners this afternoon at the puyallup fair.
just confirmed  on oct. 28 i will be performing on @jimmyfallon!  on his show, i mean.
if i had a company that sold canned chicken, i would call it "tuna of the land"... just to blow everyone's minds.
@bobriversshow when does this interview end?
i was joking about the eyeball tattoo, but apparently it's a real thing.  ouch - thanks, google! 
western washington tweeps!  als brain opens today at the puyallup fair! 
seeing the new tarantino movie today.  wont be taking my 6-year-old dont want to expose her to all that bad spelling.
don't worry, i use every part of the zebra.  rt @michaelianblack: "how many zebras had to die to make that shirt, al? how many zebras?!!!"
rt @rwzombie: eli roth told me weird al stole h2. that's the power of mr. weird for you.
see, this is why i dont have a larger dolphin fan base:
rt @tonygoldmark: i say, always pick whichever option is a talking heads song. that's why i'm facing so many arson charges.
sorry to state the obvious, but yes, you can get a ringtone ringtone.
@jwoliner @azizansari
attn: polka nerds (im looking at you, @wilw)  ill be posting the rarity of rarities momentarily
rt @tmbjon jnn: behind the scenes photos of @alyankovic and @super_josh's collab-jam
another promo!  about the thing! 
hope this helps, mike!  rt @rifftrax (roughly paraphrased):  blah blah blah, go see #rifftraxlive, 8/20, blah blah, something about an ipod.
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!rt @thomaslennon: reno 911! was cancelled at 1:30 pm today. won't be wearing the shorts again.
rt @happysteve: "gee, ya think?!?" of course i think, steve!  i think all the time!  sheesh!
if there are any directors shooting out here at the beach today, feel free to use my legs for white balance.
dang!  okay, attempt #2 - behind the scenes! 
you like @mclars?  you like sock puppets?  then whats not to like about this? 
a day in the life of charles nelson reilly's body double: 
behold my new video! 
rt @toasterboy: message to @alyankovic from the #alfest crowd.
rt @suzanneyankovic: i've always liked the bad boys.
guess you'll still just have to continue downloading "you're pitiful" for free...
the essential weird al yankovic (2 cd collection) is supposedly coming out in october.  what do you want on it, tweeps?
yay, the state on dvd is out today!!!  oh, and my new single too.
i coulda had class.  i coulda been a contender.  well... apparently that's not gonna happen now!  #firstdraftmovies
jim west & bermuda schwartz! 
laraine newman! 
at the funny or die offices right now.  apparently they make humorous snuff films here.
thanks for the props, onion! 
at @azizansari's comedy central taping - psyched to see raaaaaandy!  let's go!!
i'm making a surprise appearance (shhh, don't tell anybody!) tonight on "web soup" with the never-not-hilarious @nerdist.
okay, @sethgreenisnotontwitter, here's your plug! 
rt @scottaukerman: cdr radio today at 12n pst with guest @alyankovic! plus @paulscheer & @dougbenson!
ustream broadcast commencing... now!!!  tag questions with #weirdal
ok, come on, who just hacked my web site?? 
this is why i never wake up well-rested: 
just confirmed - the upcoming ustream/twitter thing will be june 16, 5pm-6pm pacific, 8pm-9pm eastern.  get psyched!
rt @nerdist: "my show web soup premieres tonight at 9pm on g4 tv!!! please watch/like it."  okay, you heard the man!
yesterday they dropped polka as a grammy category.  somewhere, eddie blazonczyks versatones are weeping.
the twitter gods have accepted my animal sacrifice and deemed me worthy to have a profile pic.  whew, i was forgetting what i looked like.
me and some guy named slash.  wouldn't tell me his last name. 
sorta-kinda-big announcement at the mothership:
eating dinner with noted author sandra boynton
just saw natm2 - mad props to @thomaslennon for writing such a wonderful movie.
in the studio today doing adr and foley work for "al's brain in 3-d"... boy-eee...
backstage with my "special" friend ben folds:
just saw @paulandstorm & @jonathancoulton rock the largo.  fantastic show.  and the best part?  i got in free!!!  yeah!!!!
having dinner with doug fieger and pamela des barres... but they're not on twitter, so i'm not sure they really exist.
either i'm getting spammed, or a whole lot of you like taking sexy pictures of your friend danielle!
i'm not sure why all these twitter bots are following me, but i'd like to thank them for their unflagging support.
#followfriday @thebrianposehn @ghostpanther @ben_folds
me and a head: 
okay.  lost 15 pounds in 19 days.  today: video shoot.  tonight: food orgy!
@elacordeonachi let me know that i was just referenced on "wow! wow! wubbzy!"  guess i've finally made it!
ive found the opening act for my next tour:
candid shot of me and the band in the studio: 
rt: @thomaslennon  you on my chest is sweeping the box office. i wish i had figured this out years ago!
@johncmayer remember, every time you tell someone to "eat it," you have to pay me a royalty.
doing a cameo on "back at the barnyard" today.  thanks for the gig, @nerdist!
it's 1:30 am, who's that banging on my window?  shatner??  come on, man, enough questions, give me a break!
show some twitter-love, won't you, to mr. @thomaslennon !!!
@azizansari whoever has the highest first-week soundscan number when their parody album drops shall be declared the winner.  deal?
working on song demos at @westernmost's house
tweeting at the grand canyon.
@jimgaffigan wait, you had a tv special on tonight?  man!  why didn't you tell anybody??
i'm on twitter's "suggested users" list??  dang!  the pressure's on!
treat him right
malcolm in the middle! 
gotta update my head shot. 
@rainnwilson thanks, man, right back atcha.  wish you could've been available for the white & nerdy video!
tweet tweet!
