@jenniferrmarie: david and gideon. #disneyparade @ cinderella castle
@magjohnsonblues: @honda why andre? andre odyssey. excellent at both driving and tennis.
@burtkaharrisluv: @actuallynph you have a name for your new @honda? i do. its andre.
happy birthday, walt! i cant thank you enough for all of the happiness youve brought me.
thanks, @honda, for the best gift ever - my new odyssey mini maxi van!
nelson mandela, rest in peace. what an unbelievable legacy
im having a blast narrating the candlelight processional here at #epcot. amazing orchestra, gorgeous voices, awesome crowds. love disney!
would you mind taking a quick minute or four and rting this: neil patrick harris #comedictvactor #peopleschoice like 86 times?
sexy beast! @davidburtka
im relieved to know that all of my panting over @tomdaley1994 at the summer olympics wasnt completely misguided.
walt disney world, here we come!
such sad news about paul walker! its so tragic and crazy how things can just end so suddenly. my condolences to his family.
having a most relaxing thanksgiving with the family. so grateful.
@annmarieadams29: @actuallynph is super behind! where r you fans? neil patrick harris  #comedictvactor #peopieschoice thanks. i work out.
super grateful to @mvoltaggio and all the other amazing chefs for lending their time and brawn. i was honored to be included. @thelamission
excited for thursday. lots to be thankful for: health, children, culinarily gifted fiance. not necessarily in that order. #hungry
toast w/ me backstage @hedwigonbway after seeing the show! bid @charitybuzz and support @theactorsfund!
erg. everyone who rtd, thanks. but i wrote it out wrong, so none counted. try again? neil patrick harris #comedictvactor #peopleschoice
if i, neil patrick harris, win the #comedictvactor award for #peopleschoice, ill accept it with a live monkey on my shoulder. please rt.
harper and gideon at the premiere of frozen. wardrobe provided by little marcjacobs, eyewear provided
im a big fan of, punctuation and its correct usage;
cant wait to watch @davidblaine s new special tonight! should be great!
look at the blazing speeds atandt provides here in tech savvy sherman oaks, ca. hoooah!
@alex_b007: im so sorry, buddy, but chris colfer and darren criss have some dedicated fans. challenge accepted! fans..?
great news! @nothingtohideny extended their run through january 19! so proud of awesome magic. go see it!
@huldabreen: you deserve it, but your behind. neil patrick harris #comedictvactor #peopleschoice stop talking about my behind and vote!
mahalo, hawaii.
after an exhausting workout at the century city @equinox gym, now i'm craving indian food. #random
@its_joefig: wasn't that show supposed to be over like 3 seasons ago?! when are we gonna find out who teds wife is?! watch the show, dork.
@george__85: you better tweet some more neil patrick harris #comedictvactor #peopleschoice you're losing on twitter votes! quick, rt!
dudes! a new himym is on tonight! ya gotta watch! it's the newest yet! so new, it's even newer than last week's show, which was so new!
that davidburtka takes taco eating to a whole other level. #emmgroupinc
just found out that it counts as a vote every time you tweet the following 3 things: neil patrick harris #comedictvactor #peopleschoice
i gave the wrong handle for la soire, the fantastic and super hot show in nyc. it's @lasoireelive. see it and get all randy.
just attended the opening of @la_soiree in nyc. sexiest show ever! brilliant variety acts. hilarious. a perfect 2nd date! must see!
hey @davidblaine, the magictastic @nothingtohideny opens on wednesday. if you're in town, would you come and be my guest? you'd dig it.
ticket sales for @hedwigonbway start today! warning: sit up close and you may get wet. #inmorewaysthanone
already missing halloween. here's a link to more great @projectphotoboo pics from our party last week!
have a spooktacular night! here's our family halloween pic (via @projectphotoboo):
well done, @davidburtka!
still recovering from our pre-halloween party. thanks @stellaartois and @coppola_wine for the booze. thanks @ondrinktoomany for the hangover
im obsessed with allison janney. she was so sexy at our halloween party on saturday and now im watching her in the way way back. love her.
new himym on tonight! newest episode ever! miss it and youll never see it again! until repeats. but you know, for ratings and stuff, watch!
@swoop1fan: samanthas rendition of the 2013 tony awards opening song
stoked to hear that @nothingtohideny is starting to sell out! get your tickets before you cant!
had fun just now with the gang from @theviewtv. heres more info about my special sleep no more experience:
halloween preparations underway. #fred
maybe the best thing ever: high speed photos of dogs shaking by carli davidson:
@enterdelusion: vote "delusion-california" as "best non-theme park halloween event" here:
@risaeats1960: it says voting has ended. ya gotsta click on the tab that says vote apparently.
vote for me, so i can ask you to vote for me again, but for reals like:
@derek_del: its true, he did. there was literally no shit anywhere in the building by the time neil left.  boom.
my friend and amazing designer heidi abra is having a private sale to benefit triple negative breast cancer research:
i may have said this before, but im not on facebook. i dont do the facebook. so anyone claiming to be me is a jagoff. #twitterrules
is it weird that our daughter harper is drawn to the villains more than the princesses? (thanks, @trueenchantment)
@enterdelusion: jon braver attempts to protect @actuallynph from the #plague... was he successful?
check out what @trevorproject and @att just launched for #lgbthistorymonth!
hedwig news! the first ad image was just released, and i get to debut it! tickets go on sale soon... @hedwigonbway
new himym on tonight! tune in, it's the best episode ever! well, not sure about that, but it's the newest episode ever!
back in missouri for a few days of filming. our daughter harper asked david where i was, and he said gone, girl.
save lives and money: please join me in supporting @noreenfraser by shopping @stelladot breast cancer collection:
happy 3rd birthday, gideon scott burtka-harris! love you sooo much, too!
happy 3rd birthday, harper grace burtka-harris! love you sooo much!
@nanda1336: thank you @actuallynph and everyone for the rt - found the owners to lost dog. sweet reunion. buddy is home! excellent!
@nanda1336: found dog on sierra bonita and sunset in la. no collar, no chip (bandana from groomer).
ny magic fans: nothing to hide starts october 23rd. im directing. buy tickets now before theydisappear!
i love this stunt so much:


i love new york! cant wait to live here full time! #citythatneversleeps
make up removal at the print art photo shoot for hedwig.
saw first date last night. great to see @zacharylevi on broadway. hes wonderful! i cant wait to see what hell do next!
my friend joanne tatham is performing tonight and tomorrow in nyc, at the famous @thecarlylehotel. great cabaret, check it out.
saw @thenshefell tonight. loved it. similar to sleep no more, but without the free roaming or chaos. highly recommended.
seeing then she fell in williamsburg. right friggin now. cant wait.
@rorybottoms: i read that as dick enchiladas  also delicious.
had a great meal at the mexican restaurant @lacenita. just opened. the duck enchiladas were enchilicious.
new himym tonight! holler back now! well, watch it now. holler back after.
shitty day. #someonecutthepadlocktomygymlockerandstolemywallwtandcarkeysgreatgoodtimes
can you handle the most badass interactive horror play in la? go see @enterdelusion on its first preview, this fri!
@jimfrisbie: are we talking like variety headlines? if so, "barney boffo with 'benjamin button' boss, big bucks at box" ha! heres hoping!
@broadwaycom: magic extravaganza nothing to hide headed off-broadway, directed by neil patrick harris:
while im at it, thanks to the thompson hotel for both their amazing rooftop post show party and a suite for me to crash in. @thompson_bh
nice! this years emmys had the largest audience since 2005. that makes my bosses very happy. thanks so much for watching!
just saw elton john perform at the dress rehearsal of the @primetimeemmys. amazing. hes so craaazy talented! #mustwatch
mind mushy. just finished a looong day rehearsing for 2morrows @primetimeemmys. but i think its gonna be very watchable. i hope you do.
happy birthday, @ashermonroe. not only are you a rock star, youre a great friend!
we just won an emmy for the tony awards!!  yahoooo!!
happy friday, the 13th! i really shouldnt be tweeting while i drive, its a baaaa - aaah! what have i done?!? why? why such luck?!?
ready to get yo scare on? an all new delusion is back, taking haunted attractions to the next level!
starting to prep for the @primetimeemmys. i have a lot of tv to watch..!
i will gladly lend support to any special honoring teachers across america. its on cbs tonight @ 8pm et/pt
just ate dinner at alder. my drink, dr. daves scrip pad, was great. the food, uniformly disappointing. sorry. love wd-50. this wasnt that.
had an absolute blast at the lexus new york fashion week show. holograms, yo!
check out my greatest role to date: a lint ball in the new @honda spot!
hey, nyers: whatre the great new foodie restaurants these days? could be trendy or under the radar. send me thoughts and links, thanks!
happy labor day, everyone! hope you get to honor and celebrate working by not.
oh man, do i love the meijer in canton, mi. where else can you buy a 12 pack of underwear, comt cheese, and tropical fish at the same time?
@richridlen: @actuallynph can you recommend a good first magic book? history of kinda thing? try taschen:
i've decided that i'd like to be j.j. abrams' best friend.  i feel like that should happen.
a hilarious must read for parents:
i dont mean to scare you but delusion is back!! id sign up at
i had the great pleasure of meeting @gdelaurentiis last night. she's even sexier in person.
@duff_goldman: good to see you, @actuallynph! well catch up in a few weeks over some meatballs, yeah? cant wait dude. you rule.
having a fantastic time at the l.a. food and wine festival. the oysters are shucked, and our kids are wasted. #yum
well done, wentworth miller.  bravo.
im channeling my inner buster keaton in a new @funnyordie video exclusive (shot by @matthoylephoto).

enjoy:
are you kidding?!? intricate sculptures made with paper. these are unbelievable.
the hilarious dudes from @rifftrax are riffing on starship troopers, in select theatres, tomorrow night! check it:
food on foot needs votes! once per day, per device, thru sunday:
@robbpascoegm: so if theres a smurfs 3 we have to see it 3 times let me do the math (scribbling)threeumcarry the one yes. you do.
great news! i think we found our emmy opening number:


@kissywissyqt: watching smurfs at the drive in!
@hitrecordjoe youre the real deal, jgl. keep on representing creativity at its finest.
rest in peace, eileen brennan. your performance of mrs. peacock in clue was one of the funniest ive ever seen. youll be quoted forever.
come on, time warner cable! for what you charge people each month, they should most certainly get cbs! call 1-888-tw-cable and tell em!
excited for the premiere of smurfs 2 today! cant wait to see what paris looks like through 3d glasses!
@matttni: settle a debate. top 3 numbers: "santa fe" "skid row" "aquarius." who wins? a delicious dinner is on the line. skid row fosho.
ug! autocorrect bowls chunks!
a big happy birthday to my best friend, @edalonzomagic. hope your year is filled with magic, and by that i mean well paying magic gigs.
we took off the geofilter for that vid i tweeted earlier. world, try again!
check out this exclusive #himym video that just premiered
at #comiccon  kids
heres a candid pic of the himym cast before going onstage at comiccon. love this gang.
that comiccon panel was super rad fantastic! our fans rule!
were heading to our comiccon panel, yall!
best robot gymnast video ever: this one lands a quadruple backflip!


as himym nears its conclusion, i urge everyone to follow @himymprod. lots of exclusive content, candid on set pics, etc. good times.
@baileygehring: @himym_cbs @actuallynph we love himym!! 
took the twins to their first circus yesterday! thanks to @ringlingbros and kenneth feld for creating such an impressive spectacle!
love this: a kickstarter to create awesome trophies for everyday occurrences. hilarious video, too.
had a grand time at @absinthevegas. question: wire @tonyhernandez and i not taking this tightrope act on the road?
in vegas for smurfs 2 press junket. sushi dinner at wazuzu @ the wynn, late show of @absinthevegas, cuz its awesome.
how i met your mother, season 9 has officially commenced! we had our first read thru today. cant believe it - the beginning of the end.
happy 4th of july, everyone!

hope your day ends with a bang, but the good kind, not like these people:


im a little obsessed with @rupaul right now. shes both historic and current. and gorgeous. a modern trailblazer. #shebettawork
a special rose for #goodwingames fans: 
@ - . -. . - - -.. . .. -. .-. .. ..
the hidden location has yet to be found. #ushouldawatched
dont drink and drive this july 4th weekend. use uber instead - its rad. sign up, use code 8lf32 and youll get $20 credit. youre welcome.
i directed the series finale of the goodwin games (on fox) and it airs tonight! super proud of the episode, and the cast. please watch!
so stoked for the opening tonight of one, the michael jackson cirque show opening at mandalay bay! bring on the awesome! #crotchgrab
i was just sent this awesome video from youtube. made me smile. its been a good week.
@futureofthewwe3: @actuallynph are you watching big brother tonight?!? umm, only absolutely..!
and prop 8 was dismissed?!?

huzzah!

christmas comes six months early this year! (less one day)
doma-it-just-lost-o
mr. roboto!

so, so happy for edie, et al.
fingers crossed

#equality
holy wow! just had a drink at the most amazing bar in hollywood called no vacancy. theatrical speakeasy, sexy bordello vibe. you must go!
having an outrageously delicious dinner at trois mec. get ready: food porn to come! (check out @nphfoodporn)
@deylamariah: tomasitas is the most over rated restaurant here!  youre wrong, and i will fight you.
just left santa fe again, after more million ways filming. oh man, i love new mexican food. best in town: tomasitas. delicioso!
just left santa fe again, after more million ways filming. oh man, i love new mexican food. best in town: tomasitas. delicioso!
great article in the ny times today re: immersive theatre. first sleep no more, now the great comet, here lies love and murder ballad? yay!!
@charliebyrne14: @actuallynph do you follow 69 people on purpose ? 
i just saw that i have 6m twitter followers. holy shit. i guess i need to start watching my language.
met nice people and had a great time just now at the global smurfs day event at the grove. yes, you heard right - its global smurfs day.
had a nice actual birthday on saturday. thanks, @thelondonweho for providing the great good times.
never mind. ive got the two best gifts in the world sitting right in front of me.
for my birthday, i only want one thing for the world: lots of presents for me. and good ones. well thought out gifts. so tick tock.
so weird. i woke up this morning with infinite wisdom. not sure why
watch the amazing director and exec producer glenn weiss, in the truck, calling the shots for the tony live tv feed:
umm, yes please.


i just love @colossal and the amazingly creative art he curates. check out these phenomenal origami creations:
but truly, last night made me love theatre and revere the amazing and tireless performers working so hard each night. twas a great time.
really, daily mail?!? the n-word? thats your story?!? i would never be so disrespectful and frankly, neither should you.
also, thanks to @emmgroupnyc for hosting our post show shindig. and for @thegeneralnyc for the giant doughnut cake.
such fun last night hosting the @thetonyawards. a big thanks to the 121 performers from every show that played along. youre remarkable!
please watch @thetonyawards tomorrow. everyone works so hard on broadway. im jumping through hoops to assure a good night. #onedaymore
new york is the best! after tony rehearsing, i had a fantastic meal with friends at uncle boons, comfort thai food in soho. #delicious
just arrived into nyc! get ready, @thetonyawards, time to get to work! #oneweekmore
ive re-newly fallen in love with green chiles. they put them on everything here in nm: burgers, eggs, cereal, pudding. im obsessed.
pssst, listen: today is @davidburtka s birthday. lets hide and on the count of three jump out, surprise him, and sing! one, two, three!
had an absolutely wonderful and creative time with the kids at the santa fe childrens museum. one of the best weve ever seen! loved it!
tired legs from a dance rehearsal for a big production number. how did i end up dancing so much? my twins have taken more lessons than me!
hey, check out this pocket watch! &lt;tick tick tick&gt; you are now hypnotized. watch the #goodwingames tonight on fox! pass it on! &lt;snap&gt;
bwaa! dude! tomorrow night, on fox, is the premiere of the goodwin games. please watch. i directed an episode. great show. i promise.
santa fe is filled with middle aged people who dont care what they act like. the good kind of mid life crisis. its oddly inspiring.
shooting scenes for @sethmacfarlane s awesome new western film. you wont believe what ive done all day. #physicalcomedemented
season finale of himym tonight. i promise you, its well worth watching #watercooler
my mom gives the best hugs. happy mother's day!
excited for the #survivorfinale tonight. im still a diehard fan. its been a crazy season, cant wait to see who takes the title.
forgot to get a gift? send your mom a #mothersday e-card from yours truly, and help fight cancer! 
@danielzev: @actuallynph look what i found.
at the mayweather fight at the amazing mgm in vegas. never seen a fight up close like this. undercards are unreal!
i got sandwiched between elton john, rod stewart, and @mrssosbourne and i loved it! amazing night for #racertoerasems
artistic photo during work out w/ super trainer @jeremy_cisneros at the @equinox in woodland hills. #12reps1pic
pacific standard timers: put down the sushi and turn on himym. new episode in 2 minutes! barneys bachelor party! get up in there!
everyone from the mountain time zone (except (weirdly) arizona (?)), new himym in 3 minutes! grab a chair and grab your stuff - its great!
east coast: new how i met your mother, in seven minutes. hurry!
bravo, @jasoncollins34! thanks for stepping up. for standing tall. and at 7 feet, that's saying a lot.
at our great friends @beckybaeling and kris lythgoes murder mystery wedding. the game, as they say, is afoot!
im officially on instagram. my name (title? handle? nickname? alias? moniker?) is: instagranph. come play!
my vote for best dad ever (via @colossal):
love ny theatre! macbeth tonight with the eternally talented @alancumming, last night here lies love @ the public. immersive and amazing!
late night in ny. lovely dinner with friends mark and kelly. drinks at a great spot, wise men. in the lower east side. great times.
@mindmessed: violence is never random; chaos never truly unpredictable.  it is if youre the poor person standing next to the bomber.
sending all good thoughts to boston, after the madness. makes me so sad. so crazy to think that violence can happen so randomly.
orphans is rad. long live @abfoundation. cant say enough about cinderella. its the new wicked. @lauraosnes is perfect. the whole cast is!
just went to the @pointfoundation awards hosted by the magnetic @davidburtka. great night, amazing organization. check it out.
life is good when @davidburtka serenades you with journeys open arms (thanks, @jessiesgirlnyc for kicking 80s ass)
thanks @sleepnomorenyc, for a true once in a lifetime. more so, thanks to @davidburtka. he is the most magnificent man in the whole world!
rest of the night was a treasure hunt blur. multiple clues at three theaters, tequila at toloach, then whisked away to @sleepnomorenyc !
another bday clue! this one led me to @tommyhilfiger where we got to-wait for it- pick out fancy outfits for later?
@reaganyelton: watching malcolm in the middle @actuallynph has grown so much!!  #transformationsaturday  err, umm
complicated clue on bathroom mirror lead me to lunch at babbo! (where @davidburtka used to work) delicious as always, @mariobatali. thanks!
i need your help! barney and robins relationship is at stake! vote here:
this adventure has been truly epic. but nothing tops tonights dinner: masa, in the time warner center. best sushi meal ever. ever.
honestly? disney is the best. bar none. every moment of this leg has been surreal and perfect. thanks, mickey! now: whats next??
wow. went straight to disney world, rode rides, and where did we sleep? lets just say, i was the king of my castle!
@beau_birtwistle: my dad said if neil patrick harris retweeted this hed buy me a new car, @actuallynph i need your help!! pay up, pop.
spent a wonderful night in a suite at the @driskillhotel. champagne, romance, and two episodes of american horror story: asylum. #goodtimes
drove for a bit on rural streets, ending at a restaurant called the salt lick. best bbq ive ever had in my life!
flew from dal to sat. leaving plane, attendant gave me a clue and a gps. rental car led to my own private ropes course!
hey, barney and robin fans: vote to make our coupledom official, awesome, and a win! 
im in the game. got pulled over by a cop, instead of a ticket he gave me a clue! sent me to lunch: frontier burrito!
more bday madness: took a bus thru laughlin. won $215 on a 1 slot-thanks, sex in the city! drinks at dive bar in az. overnite train to abq.
@btrfan_nr1: @cirque @davidburtka haha sounds like you're having fun ! :d
did you take some pictures ? :)  yup:
@pilsterjr: @actuallynph tweets some pics about it please.  done:
@1trickponee: if @actuallynph acknowledged me, id victory dance for 48 hours.  annnd, go!
ive dug up locked boxes, driven to vegas, trained with @cirque folk, eaten amazing food, and now am on a train to ?? @davidburtka rules!
my bday is 6/15. @davidburtka threw a surprise party for me on saturday -blown away. im now on some lengthy treasure hunt that is unreal!
happy easter, everyone! have a great night, and a word of advice: try not to put all your eggs in one basket.
just shot my last scene of himyms 8th season. enormous thanks to the writers and dynamite crew for their hard work. #bestjobever
atandt wifi is killing me! had so many problems! how can our internet be so spotty? how?!? curses! #shakingmyfist
ok, ive done research and narrowed my minivan choices to two: honda odyssey or toyota sienna? is the odyssey worth the extra $$?
super fun getting slimed w/ sandra bullock at the #kca. less fun ruining my iphone as i text with goopy fingers.
are you a @cirque fan? don't miss this event: one night for one drop
wowed tonight at the la gay and lesbian center gala (@lagaycenter) by the org, and honoree amy pascals amazing speech.
i may be partial, but i'm loving this new song performed by @davidburtka, who i also happen to love.
seven incredible marble machines by paul grundbacher. via @colossal. i loooove this stuff.

a new how i met your mother is on tonight! please watch! from what i hear, its a hoot. but i hear owls a lot. so, grain of salt.
oh, snap! nothing to hide is on goldstar?? reduced price tix to the best magic around? order quick, yo:
@wrclark1439 dude. youve tweeted the same fing thing to me 150 times. bad form. the answer is no.
looking to buy a brownstone in harlem. figure someone on twitter might wanna sell. any takers?
celebrated the 70th bday of @davidburtka s father dan at polish village in hamtramck. best polish food in mi!
unbelievable! every one of these objects is made of paper:
one of my favorite wineries, slight of hand cellars, released their 2011 conjurer. delicious, with a fetching label:
please support this creepy ghost story puppet film on kickstarter. kevin is super talented and come on, its puppets!
my friend @jeffprobst has a ny times best seller, stranded, a kids adventure book (ages 8-12). survivor for kids! -
the nat enq is cray cray. we've never had a wedding date, just engaged (prop 8 and all). we're on a cruise as i write. he's rad. all good.
today is international sword swallowers day. im sure there are lots of jokes there, but figured the legit carnies deserve a shout out.
id show what its like to act on the set of himym all day! #ifihadglass
check out my beau @davidburtka host #celebritydish on sunday at 8pmet on @cookingchannel. he profiles great restaurants owned by celebs!
happy valentines day! whether youre in a relationship or not, make sure to tell those close to you that you love em.
justin timberlake is very, very popular.
some chick has a dress made entirely of razor blades.  i feel bad for her nipples. #whaddup
prince: heavy on accessories, light on vocabulary.
i thought there were wardrobe restrictions, carrie underwood. i kept staring at your puffy groin area during your entire number
kelly clarkson has one of the best voices in the history of ever.
rihanna is gorgeous! but i thought that song was about chris brown, not some guy in a black knit ski cap.
i wanna be adam levines clothes.
you think mumford and sons are pissed that the stage is still soaking wet?
loving @rupaul and the new season of rupauls drag race! can i get an amen up in here?? #teamdetox
check out these unreal paper sculptures from artist li hongbo. mind-blowing. i want one!
wouldn't normally say yes to a promoted tweet, but this @kia vid is actually cute!...and has #spacebabies! sponsored
im a lucky guy. @davidburtka made this for dinner: grilled fish, fresh produce from the garden. delicious. boom.
new himym on tonight. please watch. heres my simple pitch:

its robin sparkles 4, yall!!

enjoy.
congrats ravens! great game, so fun to watch. although i think someone picked my pocket during the blackout. i suspect @mrjohncryer
man, beyonces show was powerful
all the lights are out!! its pandemonium!! thank god we have out beyonce finger lights!
i thought beyonce crushed it. amazing. though i did feel a bit bad for the poor person getting flogged by her hair at the end
perhaps my favorite account of someones experience seeing nothing to hide at the geffen:
@logibear__: you probably wont answer this tweet. youre probably right.
new orleans sunrises can be pretty awe inspiring
having a lovely dinner with the mandms gang, hosted by the legendary @chefjohnbesh. chocolaty goodness. @betterwithmms
last night was i blur. dinner at herbsaint? jazz bar and whiskey til 3 am? this photo was on my phone. my head hurts.
lunch in nola. restaurant: lke. happy hour. 50 oysters. boom.
dinner: @revolutionnola. outstanding. best dish: gulf shrimp and grits. just wow.
drink of choice at the moment: sazarac. this from the carousel bar. best ive ever had.
unbelievable lunch at mother. seemed only appropriate, given the title. delicious po boy:
interesting: the boy scouts have created a line to call for your opinion on keeping the ban in place. call 972-580-2330 and affect change!
just arrived into new orleans. first time. bring it.
presto! $40 tickets to any performance of #nothingtohide through february 10. saw it? tell friends! use code nph.
come on, boy scouts, do the right thing. diversity should be honored and valued. there should be a merit badge for it.
looking forward to presenting w/ amy poehler today at the #sagawards. i bet we ignore the prompter and just make out with each other. again.
check out the entire meal, dish by descriptive dish, tomorrow on @nphfoodporn. heavenly, decedent stuff. night.
crazy amazing meal. thank you, @wolvesmouth. if you love amazing food and a memorable night, track him down!
im eating an unreal meal. its a secret, exclusive underground supper club. called @wolvesmouth. artistic. outstanding. details to come.
just told that the bollywood song i sing on neil's puppet dreams is on itunes! all your bovine dreams will come true:
when sculpture meets magic - the unbelievable art of @jontyhurwitz :
a brilliant speech today by @barackobama. inspiring stuff. im very proud to be an american.
currently watching and loving the @ladygaga concert at the staples center. maybe the best concert ever. so inclusive and amazing!
the ride continues. so proud of #nothingtohide. magic is rad.
if you wonder what its like to be abducted by aliens, check out the new neils puppet dreams.
new himym tonight! first one of '13! its a big one: we are finally revealing who the mothe no. no were not. still funny though. do watch.
i just wanna say, @joshgad is hilarious. makes me laugh and laugh. love his comedy.
truly. iris has expert direction, precision choreography, stellar visuals, and a remarkable cast of brilliant performers. bravo! @cirque
just saw the @cirque show iris. once again, blown away. cant believe its closing on the 19th. one of the best shows ive seen. go go go!
congratulations, noah st. john. your passionate recitation made my day, and is an absolute must watch:
now presenting: dream bump, the newest episode of neil's puppet dreams! there may be a cameo by a true blood stud.
"@mongo22407: where can i see some of the previous works of neil's puppet dreams?" glad you asked, karl:
also, i must say i'm very excited for the super bowl. i love football - look forward to it every year. #noagenda
awesome news! we've extended #nothingtohide again thru feb 3rd! read about it:
happy 2013 from the west coast of the usa! yahoooo! hope this year is infinitely better than 12! lets do this!
happy last day of 2012! i hope you spend at least a small part of your day in reflection, and a large part of your day in ebriated.
harper is, as usual, calm and understated.
having a wonderful night with @thejimmycarp and his family for xmas dinner. gideon is rocking a bow tie.
here is @davidburtka enjoying his favorite, much needed, and well deserved gift.
ms. harper likes mr. potato heads fashion sense. she is quite the looker, but i think its a bit shortsighted.
up until 2am constructing a table with wooden trains for gideon and all he wants to do is play with a broom. #merryxmas
sites back up. sorry. go buy tickets for nothing to hide. yay! 
ug. my previous link directs you to a message that their server isn't working..! maybe this is the end of civilization! please hold...
on a related note, if you're looking for a last minute xmas gift, may i suggest tickets to an awesome night of magic?
latest episode of neils puppet dreams -
theres an awesome, hour long himym on tonight. lots of questions answered. please watch. please enjoy. please giggle.
feeling so so sad for all involved in the connecticut shooting. deeply horrible in so many ways. as a parent, almost hard to even process.
happy 12/12/12 everyone! hope something exciting happens today. the same number 3 times wont occur again until 13/13/13. so take it in.
loved listening to @howardstern interview tan mom this morning. hilarity! howard, youre amazing.
episode 3 of neils puppet dreams is now live! titled restaurant. hope you get a chuckle or two. enjoy:
check out my good friend asher monroes new video. hes easy on the eyes and ears!
still cant believe i just hosted the natl tree lighting ceremony. a true once in a lifetime. fun, too, to stare at the rest of the crowd.
david and i are enjoying a sneak preview dinner of @bryanvoltaggios new restaurant range. holy omfg, its unreal! details to come.
@marudelgaizo: barney 's disappointing lately. what are your comments about that?  wait for it
@meowfeb1988: what happened to keeping these posts on @nphfoodporn ? what happened to you minding your own beeswax?
final stop on my dc dining train: izakaya seki. delicious, true japanese meal served by a father/daughter duo. great sake, too. night.
dining my way through dc. 1st stop: @graffiato. delicious pizza and the best brussels sprouts ive ever eaten.
now presenting the second installment of neils puppet dreams: 


rehearsing for the assassins concert on monday. getting chills. its very cool to see everyone again!
loved loved the mystery of edwin drood! the cast was inspiring, rupert holmes is a genius. go see it! you get to choose who-dunn-it!
i could not be more excited to see the mystery of edwin drood on broadway at the roundabout tonight! one of my favorite shows ever!
just left orlando after a stellar 5 days at disney world with the family. some of the best memories of my life. cant wait to do it again.
an awesome review for nothing to hide, the show i directed that just opened at the @geffenplayhouse in la:
@cdubeau5: how did i not know till now david burtka plays scooter on #himym i think the twins should show up next! they already have
@geffenplayhouse: happy opening night @whoishelder @derek_del! tonight the geffen has #nothingtohide
i found out im last in votes behind eric stonestreet whos not even nominated. tweet: neil patrick harris #comedictvactor #peopleschoice
at disney world for the 1st time with our kids. peter pans flight, their 1st ride ever. they loved it. i just sat there crying. #proudpapa
happy gobble day, everyone! hope you took some time to recognize all that youre thankful for. and to eat delicious pie.
this just in: @nerdist released the behind the scenes of my web series w/ the henson puppets: neils puppet dreams!
how modern: you can now just tweet 'neil patrick harris #comedictvactor #peopleschoice' to vote. would you? maybe 75 times or so? rad.
its been a long, long day at how i met your mother. like, crazy. ill explain more later.
dudes! i got nominated for a people's choice award! favcomedictvactr. i politely request multiple votes. start here:
we here at delusion will find you and carve out your nightmares unless you grab tickets at
delusion fans have spoken! final extension tix go live tomorrow, nov 15 @10am! six added nights! tix at
new himym tonight. make sure to watch: we are going to reveal the mother! ok, thats a lie. but itll still be good comedy shenanigans!
i'm not one to solicit, but a fellow puppeteer is in cancerous financial crisis. he was snuffleupagus, for pete's sake.
@sedwards76: @cirque ive only been to o. it was fucking amazing! agreed, potty mouth. but my fave was nouvelle experience. #davidshiner
bummed i cant make it to vegas tonight for the @cirque premiere of zarkana at the aria. maybe i should go see iris instead. its amazing.
maine, then maryland, now washington.  another great day for equality!
yahoooo!  four more years!
please please vote tomorrow. and spend some time educating yourself to make informed choices. its your civic duty. heee. i said duty.
kg asked me to cher this.  i'm happy to oblige:
my ask: when (and if) fox does (briefly) air goodwin games, make sure to watch and show your support. the talented gg gang deserves it.
has a scary good time at @blumhouse last night! between that and @hauntedplay, its great to see l.a. haunts taking it to another level!
happy halloween everyone! hope your tricking and treating gotcha lotsa booty! heres our family costume pic:
my new passion project:
stay strong, east coasters. youre awesome and resilient. sending you good and dry vibes.
set your dvrs! a-list listings, a new series hosted by the dreamy @davidburtka, starts tonight! 8:00pm et/pt
dudes! just went through blackout in la. you must go through it alone! terrifying, intense, a little horny. i loved it. @nychauntedhouse
in the center ring: bday party pic of the swell circus dog show, courtesy of kyra sundance and her dog jadie!
two publications have said that i have twin sons. unless im a truly uninformed parent, im quite sure one is a daughter. #factcheckmate
happy birthday to @gladsheila ,the most amazingest mom ever! im so proud to be her son.
we managed to extend the sold out run of delusion for three more days! nov. 15-17. order quick, they wont last long.
a really nice article about @popuppantry. im excited to be involved.
so @popuppantry's gourmet dinners now include meals created by @davidburtka! sign up at
yay! our run of delusion is now sold out (cue ominous/awesome music by composer, siddartha (
please join me in supporting @stelladot and shop their breast cancer awareness collection benefiting @noreenfraser:
hey instagramers: the jackknife who is claiming to be me - actually_nph - isnt. 22k of you should let him know.
happy ten eleven twelve, everyone!
i'm also voting for this adorable lil' critter because he too believes in equality #forall. cutest pic ever!
i'm voting for president obama because i believe in equality #forall 
if my life werent random enough, im now at the madonna concert at the staples center. madness! sorry, elton.
another aces review for delusion:
mu haa haaa! dr. horrible is finally on tv, tonight on cw! live tweeting, too!
pro: got to eat delicious, green chile filled new mexican food at every meal for the past three days. con: now my bottom stings.
i got so high this morning. um, i should explain: i went up in a hot air balloon with @davidburtka. serene and surreal.
made it to the balloon fiesta! hot air balloons everywhere! amazing! i love new mexico!
brought the family to abq for the balloon fiesta. too windy! they called it off! grrr..! fingers xd for tomorrow. time for green chile!
trying to track down a circus dog act for a party at my house. any one have any suggestions?
holy crapinoli! read this review of our horror show delusion:
be forewarned! tix are scarce for delusion. thursday is lgbt night, supporting @trevorproject. scream and then flirt.
spent all weekend filming 7 episodes of my new @nerdist show, neils puppet dreams, w/ @davidburtka and the henson puppets! #bestjobever
i love when cool people do cool things. my friend marc (@pixeldandy) has an art show on 10/31 called horrorgami:
@feliciaday: dr horrible reunion at haunted play. so fun!  @ haunted play: delusion
me, a novelist? look:
lets get #himym trending!
life is better when you are in vegas and drinking ros by the pool. just sayin.
love las vegas! never left the @cosmopolitan_lv and had an absolute blast. sexy hotel, pool, staff, and guests. cant wait to come back!
having a blast in the pool at the @cosmopolitan_lv  sexiest crowd in vegas! the staff here rocks. good times.
im on @craigyferg tonight. quick, watch! he tries to murder me!
im in vegas for the night! where should i go? what should i do?!?
go see @joshradnor s new movie liberal arts. its good and he worked super hard on it. its also on vod!
the easiest way to get involved is voting. check me out in @rockthevote's #wewill psa and then register to vote! 
ben folds five did a music video with the fraggles! two great tastes that taste great together:
formulate your frightening fall festivities fast! first and foremost: delusion. fancy a fun informal film? phuck yeah:
this himym monologue took me over seven years to memorize:  

if you love @janeespenson as much as i do, you must check out her awesome web series now!!!
youre not gonna believe it, but the book of mormon is funny! like, hilarious funny. i bet itll be a hit. congrats, tour cast. you rocked!
i wish i could move to vegas just so i could work out at this gym:
loving the game show brilliance (or lack thereof): 11 awkward canadian game shows 
it's been 11 years since the 9/11 tragedy. can't believe so much time has passed, and yet in some ways it feels so recent. #remember
people in l.a.: if you like magic, as i do, check out @justin_willman and his show at club nokia 9/29. he'll explain:
spent the weekend with the family at one of the most fantastic weddings ive ever attended. good times. so much love.
another amazing display of artistry, courtesy of @colossal . this time: cut away art on actual leaves! unreeeal!
check out my good bud @ashermonroe in his new video #herewithyou on @mtvbuzzworthy


happy labor day! or, since youre hopefully not working, happy laybro day!
its a full moon tonight. how ominous. a perfect time to start formulating your scary plans for fall. might i suggest
@francoberry: no way! pixar studios!! way. waaaay.
oh man, i just toured what is perhaps the coolest place of all time! bucket list moment. almost started crying. #woody
i teamed up with hasbro on catchphrase - check it out! dont dither (or get dither in catchphrase - its impossible)!
from one neil to another: you affected the history of the world, mr. armstrong. few will ever achieve that. rest in peace.
@istandabove_: are you acting in it as well? depends on the night. go and find out. :) never know who youll see
im co-producing a terrifying interactive horror play in a 107yr old mansion in l.a! limited tix per night. check it:
good morning! gandh are rocking their rad high chairs, about to have pancakes and bacon. a lovely day! @babybjornus
we have had amazing meal after amazing meal in san francisco. an embarrassment of gastronomical riches. food porn pics to come
crossing the bridge to san francisco. excited to perform in back to back variety shows for @sfoutsidelands later today!
had a first rate dinner: @scarpettabh  thanks for the deliciousness, @conantnyc  food pics aplenty: @nphfoodporn
ah, this explains the new necklace and why my legs are so sore..!
goodbye, nice! ill miss you, fancy vacation! take care, dream reality! back to work, driving, and changing diapers.
i absolutely love the views here in the south of france! :) #district14
i absolutely love the views here in the south of france! :) #district14
thanks to everyone who called and are supporting the firefighters who saved the magic castle. all 150 tickets sold! a resounding success!
federal funded bigotry from my home town, albuquerque. this one hits home:
@koppitegrrrl: my fiancee just died of leukemia, help me raise money for research with this link
the magic castle is opening its doors for 1 night only to 150 callers to honor the brave firefighters who saved our club. 8/6. 323-851-3313
super random question: does anyone have a contact number for an air france person at lax? i left something on a flight and need to find it!
spending time with the burtka family in michigan. i love this part of the country. great people, beautiful weather. loving life.
my favorite thing about paris is the double kiss on the cheek greeting. it is both intimate and disarming. im totally stealing that.
annnnnd, scene.
ug. what a day. i need a smoke. no matches. there's a lit candle, nice. what's with these cracks in the sidewalk? i'll use the stree - wham!
you won't believe this! the mirror slipped out of my hands and is now cracked! merde! what did i ever do to deserve all this?!?
i just bought an adorable victorian hand mirror and a small crystal salt shaker - still filled with salt!  what luck!
found a cool antique store while walking around paris. weirdly, my umbrella won't seem to stay closed while i'm shopping in here. oh well.
so hard to tweet while i walk. and all of this construction on the street! oh, wait. there's a space there under that ladder. perfect.
looking forward to the new big brother tonight. but if there aren't any super hot people that are also cool, i'm out! #majortimecommitment
i was very moved by this story when i read about it at @tlrd, happy to hear its becoming a documentary. support:
my great friend and outstanding uk magician @derrenbrown is finally available to the us via hulu.
night. its late in paris and i must sleep now. im this tired:
broadway costume designer martin pakledinaz passed away this morning from cancer. he was a wonderful man and will be missed.
had the loveliest of evenings/mornings with an even lovelierest friend in windsor. exquisite home. one of the gardens:
@daddycolebomma: @actuallynph if i had to go gay for one person it would be you dude. #rockoutwithourcocksout love it.
pip pip! im in londontown! the fanciest of pics to follow. cheers!
@mrelliottjack: my dad said i looked like u yesterdaydoes that make it wrong to have a crush on you? nope. just good taste in genetics.
@tabret2004: i found the other week you were gay. i refuse to believe it. youre wearing a tank top and a cowboy hat. you believe it.
@404_no_username: @actuallynph my great grandma turned 95 today, can i get a whoop whoop? would she even know what that means?
.@ireno9 the ne article is bunk. d and i are awesometown. no wedding plans because its not legal yet. all is good in our world.
paris: dinner at kong. waited an hour for our table, wine uncorked onto my pants, entree dropped on my jacket. bad form! #tweetpercussions
happy 4th of july, everyone! enjoy your bbqs, burgers, and freedom fries!
paris is not so exciting and romantic when youre jet lagged and alone. #crankysmurf
since im back in la, david threw me a belated birthday party today! thanks @perrier_jouet for the champagne! im d-runk!
i love my gym. just going to @equinox makes me feel healthier. working out is hard, yet easy. plus they supply towels, which i dig.
this is what i yearn for my dreams to look like:
my final meal in mtl was an epic sushi feast at park. thanks @chefantoniopark for your spectacular taste in food!
goodbye, montreal! i had such a great time - the sights, the food, the people - i think you might be my favorite city in canada!
.@athorn90 is still pretty fin awesome for even doing the first costume. respect. you, sir, are rad.
i love me some dominoes action. saw this video, called starry night by vincent van dominough. well done. 
dr. will kirby, the greatest big brother contestant ever (and my good bud) is now on twitter: @reallywillkirby  welcome!
it's been 18 days, @athorn90 .  where's my emmer effing clown pic?!?
@sameckhardt3: was this for himym, or a movie role? i'm still filming the smurf sequel. himym starts back in august.
this was me tonight. i love my job!
ate a gigantic meal at le filet in montreal. super delicious! i took pics - food porn on its way. check out the courses at @nphfoodporn
@eve1dissolved: need the leather sofa in your living room for my new home! where can i buy one! restoration hardw, err, totally custom!
mike tyson is heading to broadway in a one man show directed by spike lee?!? sweet gods of comedy, now i have to host the tonys again!
and now a most disturbingly awesome video to get you through the rest of the weekend:
we had lunch at park (enjoy the pic), saw the new cirque show, amaluna, then dinner at au pied de cochon! yum!
thanks so much for all of my b'day tweets! i had a spectacular day in montreal w/ the delicious @davidburtka. i'm liking this 39 stuff!
@sweetthang444: if you don't have it, gotta get kinect disneyland adventures for the xbox. you will love it! gah! must have!
my last b'day gift suggestion didn't fit everyone's price range. don't fret - you could instead get me this:
congrats to my friend @danbucatinsky whose hilarious new book "does this baby make me look straight?" is now here:
my birthday is friday, so if you haven't already purchased your gift(s) for me, might i recommend:
more unreal art! are you kidding me?!?
this art is unbelievable! now i know what i want for my birthday:
@dcedillo: the guy sitting behind the lion king head was unamused by the prank he was my writer, the hilarious paul greenberg.
ok, off to set. have a swell, twitterific day.
@ekwalsh416: how is it being away from david and the kids? it's the worst part. miss them like crazy. thank heaven for facetime!
@alexanism: how was it to perform with ms. patti lupone? she's brilliant, and game for almost anything. love her!
@tamster21: if you could of switched with any of the performers to do their number, which would it be? james corden. physical comedy rocks
@don_vare: do you get to hang out with trey and matt from the book of mormon? no, they're too fancy. they shooed everyone away.
@amnosjenn: what was with the crowd surfing girl? and the man with the lion king head! i wanted some 'wtf, dvr back!' moments throughout.
@samsvirtuallife: did you sing the last note of the out of time song for the live audience? no. same gag for them.
@josiexjonas: did you meet @nickjonas? i did, backstage. tried not to gush. or stare.
@redjello: how long was the preparation time from inception of numbers to show night? almost a month? constant changes and refinement.
@culbek: did you write the songs? no, david javerbaum and adam schlesinger: opening and closing. michael john lachiusa: mid show mashup.
@caseyimperial: what does steve kazee smell like? heaven.
@chris_m_stern: what's next for you?? any features? yup. i'm back in montreal, still filming the smurf sequel.
finally got some rest. the tonys are over! had a blast. thanks so much for watching! happy to answer any questions...
theatre report: saw evita. @ricky_martin sounds great. but rob ashford's musical staging was superb. best part of the show.
.@thetonyawards are tomorrow. i really should start preparing something...
here's a nice article from the hollywood reporter about preparing for @thetonyawards:
haven't been able to tweet in a while as i'm neck deep in @thetonyawards prep, and rehearsing all this spiderman wire work is taking months!
@erictheactor11: @actuallynph when does the next smurfs start? filming now in montreal. out next year, i think.
@deadair311: just curious, will you ever post a negative theatre report? not during tony week. but i do choose my words very particularly.
theatre report: saw newsies. i'm a diehard and loved. @cgattelli 's choreography was spot on. easily the best dancing on b'way right now.
and thank you @oprah for your gift:  wine! @davidburtka and i drank all 6 bottles and promptly passed out. #deeeelicious
theatre report: saw clybourne park. loved. kind of can't stop pondering it.  i suspect it'll be performed around america for years.
@itsjennysturn well done.
theatre report: saw once. intimate, heartfelt, emotional. @stevekazee was truly great.
@athorn90:
@athorn90 picture 1: entire body covered in plastic wrap. but not just wrapped around you body - each extremity fully wrapped.
@ezinder: @athorn90, i think us followers now have a completely legitimate vote on what pictures to ask for." }} agreed. bring it.
theatre report: saw end of the rainbow. tracie bennett rules, shouting and popping pills and belting out tunes. made me miss my mom. i kid.
theatre report: saw porgy and bess. totally unfamiliar with the show - blown away. best performances i've seen by norm lewis and audra mcdonald.
la friends: buy tix now for a special screening for #rockofagesmovie w/adam shankman to benefit the trevor project:
great day. ate another spectacular meal at @chefantoniopark. unfortunately i'm filming all night long. so late night tweets are appreciated.
maybe everyone should ask @ozboateng to dress me for @thetonyawards. that seems to be the consensus.
i iove this british designer ozwald boateng, but dandg is great. paul smith, too. i'm getting nervous for show time.
what tux should i wear for @thetonyawards? i need to pick a great designer... suggestions?
an awesome @davidburtka youtube birthday mash up:
happy birthday to you!
happy birthday to you!
happy birthday, @davidburtka,
happy birthday to yoooou!
(i don't have to pay royalties, do i?)
a heartfelt thank you to all of the men and women who serve(d) in our military. what you did, and continue to do, is awesome.
@speezer13: i'm not picking sides but i show you wasted your 1000th tweet on allyn too.  burrn!: (thanks, @cmsugrad )
@allyn101: @actuallynph err, according to this, you aren't quite there yet...
this video made me laugh. i think i've found my new favorite catch phrase. 
@pubey3k: @actuallynph this is my first time tweeting you and i don't want a reply ;) #reversepsychology but... wait... but...
in the just so you know department: incessantly tweeting me to respond to you will almost assuredly achieve the opposite result.
last night i had the honor of hosting a celebration of the brilliant @sleepnomorenyc 's 500th show. loveliest people ever. don't miss it!
theatre report: saw matinee of best man yesterday. great production, excellent cast. perfect timing for a presidential revival.
i just now came across this amazingly creative music video.
theatre report: saw death of a salesman tonight. beautifully directed. what the actors go through each show..! it's masochistic.
theatre report: saw the matinee of nice work if you can get it.
theatre report: just saw one man, two guvnors. loved it - easily the funniest play on broadway. howled with laughter!
an important read:
back in nyc for a few days to see shows and prep for @thetonyawards. gorgeous day! i love love love this town!
donna summer passed away today.  same day as jim henson, 22 years ago.  in honor of both:
today @thejoelstein 1st book, man made, comes out. ive been told its great. albeit, by joel.
loving the kind tweets and positive reaction to last night's himym season finale! thanks! here's my favorite:
himym season finale tonight! back to back episodes, barney's bride revealed, lots of magical surprises! i may even be naked. do watch.
oh my god. i just revealed that my mother eats people. on this, of all days. what have i done? what have i done?!?
the more boobs the merrier!  click here and let me give your mom breast wishes for mother's day!
every time i watch @kellyripa these days, i just feel like she's cheating on me. #toopainful
2 nights ago i had another wonderful meal at park. just go and sit and let @chefantoniopark rule your world. here's what i had:
course 1: duck tataki salad w/ fresh watercress, garnished with shaved parmesan. also yuzu caviar on a spicy pickle!
@barackobama: president obama announces his support for same-sex marriage:
@toooshie: or members of the pink ladies and the t-birds. or ninjas. or modern dancers. their futures are so bright!
this, from yesterday. i miss my twins! apparently they will grow up to be either bank robbers or mimes:
north carolina passed amendment one. unbelievable.
@beaslma or....or.... watch these dominos fall down :-)
ok, back to emails.  or the vow, can't decided.  thanks for helping pass the inflight time.  xo, n
@tkmlac how has your experience as a child actor helped you in your development of barney?  hard to answer in 140 characters. i'd have to sa
@lizzylovefinny have you ever read bed time stories to your kids??? please stop shouting at me.
@lizzycody cheese or chips? chips, tortilla.  with salsa, pace picante sauce (medium).
@timdaker what is the best thing you have had in your mouth ever?? err umm next question.
@bonovox1984 favorite drink? cold sake. or an old fashioned. or a pina colada. or a mimosa. or a margarita. wow. that was revealing.
@megannormansell what's your favorite smell? hawaiian flowers or the smell in the air while on pirates of the caribeean.
@98realstella if you could have any super power, what would it be? teleportation. this airplane seat smarts.
@delinage do you like himym finale? are you happy about it?  it's gonna be rad, yeah. shouldn't dissappoint.
@xochrissy3 if you had to be any type of car what would it be, and why?  inspector gadget's matra murena, cuz la traffic blows.
@carmenluigina favorite author? obsessed with clayton rawson at the moment.
@rbrucekerr was it hard to decide to adopt? didn't adopt. went with surrogacy. extremely happy with the outcome(s).
@monkee_ce if you could sit beside any superhero right now who would it be? mandrake the magician.
@killertvmd in your opinion, which of doogie howser's love interests was the hottest? wanda plenn. her lips were amazing.
@couger8 what's the hardest roll that you acted in?  i'd have to go with sourdough. freshly baked. painful.
@foote_k why are you heading out to montreal?  filming the smurfs sequel. already missing the family...
btw, super gigantic congratulations to @josswhedon for the avengers! shattering records! huzzah! so well deserved! @cobiesmulders
i'm on a plane, heading to montreal.  think i'll answer some questions for a bit. ready... go.
only a few days left to win a walk-on role on himym:
@isirius: hey @actuallynph do you recognize this adorable little plushie? 

yet another my life is random moments: oprah came over to our house today. i made her pizza. here i am pointing at her.
tomorrow morning. tony nominations. the biggest day in the world for a very small faction of people. can't wait! @thetonyawards
i heart @tarankillam. that @cobiesmulders picked herself a winner. enjoy this fantastic video:
alright, no more wedding pics. wait wait, just one more: the dapper groomsmen, on their way to the ceremony.
and here's a view from the rooftop of the villa where the wedding was held.
here's a pic of the happy couple. feel free to tweet your congrats. @emmabates and @joshuazar.
loving the blog
just arrived back from a florence photo shoot w/ @davidburtka & @cobiesmulders. thanks to @fsflorence for their brilliant hospitality!
a very awesome video of things being destroyed in super slow motion:
it's a beautiful day.
cobie smulders is officially on twitter!  check out her clever handle: @cobiesmulders  follow that little tiger!
oops. wrong account. go to @nphfoodporn for more. sorry...
restorante la giostra. best meal in florence, hands down. buckle up - it's gonna be a yummy ride!
but the finest man in italy is still:
it's easy to buy things in italy when the person selling them looks like this.
i keep trying to high five people here and they just frown, mutter 'americano...' and walk away. oh well. 

no worries. tomorrow i eat!
wait, that's not the rencen.  that's... the duomo! santa maria, we are in florence!!
well that's strange. we just went through customs. i know detroit is tough, but this is crazy..! where are we?
for ever, dick clark... so long.
@hii_imrachel @actuallynph so do you really have pinterest? cause it says you folllow me hahaa :) &gt;&gt; not on pintrest. imposter!
@steveo_in_nm @actuallynph with all the food bragging going on, should come home to abq soon for a chili fix! &gt;&gt; i miss nm food so much!
just tweeted many pics and  descriptions from an amazing meal on wednesday. go to @nphfoodporn. this was one course:
i love tweeting food pics, but some don't enjoy. so i now bring you: @nphfoodporn (thanks @arnoldcam). follow if you like deliciousness.
@jasonsegel i'm your costar. @davidburtka and i got engaged over 5 years ago, but we can't get married in ca. maybe jay can talk to someone?
just got back from three days in montreal. great town, and the food rocks. last night ate at park (@chefantoniopark). delicious pics soon.
@danademo: @actuallynph the nph story. who plays you? dwayne johnson.
@paddybiggins: neil patrick harris landed the role of barney on "how i met your mother" after purposely messing up the audition. true?  no.
so as my 3,000,000th follower never responded, the ducky tie now goes to #3,000,001! congrats, @forcefieldjer. dm me for deets.
very happy to hear the documentary @bullymovie was given a pg-13 rating by the mpaa. it's a powerful film that should be seen by all.
i adore amy sedaris. just watched her as the tooth fairy on yo gabba gabba. she's maybe the coolest chick around. that's all.
all in all, a lovely meal. very french and fancy. extra expensive, though. good for a special occasion..?
dessert: my dapper dining companion, @davidburtka. sweeter than the tastiest confection.
course 4 also came with an assortment of salts and peppers to add. i dug the presentation.
course 3b: atlantic halibut. wild ramps and white zucchini. ramps are back in season. eat them whenever you can.
course 3a: black bass "en ecailles". english peas, spring vegetable sea broth.
course 2b: truffle pasta. tagliatelle, enough grated perigord black truffles to feed a family of ten. wow.
course 1b: hot and cold foie gras. blood orange, rhubarb and kumquat.
course 1a: egg caviar. lemon-chive crme fraiche, american ostera caviar. fancy!
amuse bouche 2: fennel flan, orange gele, cashew foam, vanilla oil. also a salmon roulade and roe w/ puffed rice.
so @davidburtka and i had our anniversary meal at mlisse in santa monica. here's what we ate. let the food porn commence! (trumpet sounds)
ok, the # i chose last week was: 1,347,850 (# of sexual partners). the winner, 2 away with 1,347,852 is @philiphodgetts. dm me for dinner!
tomorrow i reveal the (rannndom!) winner of the 3m contest. and continue my food porn with our anniversary dinner. 'night.
dinner at melisse in santa monica. delicious. i'm so full i may burst. will provide a full pictorial report tomorrow.
today @davidburtka and i are celebrating our 8th anniversary (a day early). there will be champagne, gifts, sex, and most likely food porn.
here's how i assured accuracy:
still tabulating. but the 3 millionth follower is @sarahbeep. random congratulations! dm me and i'll send you something random (ducky tie?)
having a rough time sifting through all of these guesses. twitter won't let me access all of the responses! stay tuned...
times up! no more guesses allowed. give me a night to look through the responses and figure out the winner. yay, this is fun!
in honor of @derrenbrown: i'm thinking of a # between 1 and 3,000,000. closest guess wins. i'll stop taking guesses in 3 hours. good luck.
so for reaching 3m followers, i'm gonna have a contest. right now. winner will get a wicked great prize. ready?
3 million.  egads!  as promised, i'll give a cool gift to someone, and explain my plan tomorrow.
@ojoya: i've never understood giving a future follower a prize. why not give a random follower something when you hit 3mil?" good point...
i wanna give my 3 millionth (!) follower something cool. how would one quantify that? is there some sort of log?
this week at work is our last show of the season. 24 episodes! time flies when you're suiting up, drinking, and shagging actors. having fun.
remember that cool comic book i mentioned before? (@smokemirrorsidw) get yours now at your local comic shop or

oops.  pic:
course 8: vanilla bean pisco flan. stewed strawberry. great end to a wicked good meal. @piccaperu  well played.
course 6: arroz con erizo. peruvian paella, mixed seafood, sea urchin sauce.
course 5: sea scallop sashimi, fresh sea urchin, jalepeo relish. not on the menu. one of the best things i've tasted.
course 4b: anticucho corazn. beef heart, rocoto walnut sauce. everything is so stellar, i didn't flinch.
course 3: anticucho black cod. miso glaze, crispy sweet potato. unreal.
course 2: anticucho beef filet. sea urchin butter, garlic chip. lots of skewered things!
oops.  wrong pic.  scratch that last one, that was from before...
course 1: anticucho alitas de pollo (it's peruvian, deal with it).  chicken wings, lime. outstanding.
the restaurant: @piccaperu 

tapas. open kitchen. sexy mixology drinks. we just had the chef being dishes out. it was a great call.
i know i quit the food porn. but, i had an amazing dinner last night and took pics. so the snarks can suck it! prepare for deliciousness.
must go home now and eat tums. 'night night.
course 13: tortino. warm molten chocolate cake, amaretto, salted caramel gelato.
course 12: tiramis. espresso, meringue, coco snow (which, oddly, is also my drag queen name).
can't... stop... eating...
course 10: lombatina capricciosa. pounded veal chop, ciabatta crust, tomatoes, arugula, parmigiano, lemon vinaigrette.
course 9: abbacchio. california lamb chops, farro, artichokes, dates, almonds, salsa rossa. phenomenal.
course 7: polipo harissa. grilled octopus, harissa, ceci beans.
course 6: bucatini all'amatriciana. hollow pasta strands, san marzano tomato sauce, guanciale, pecorino, black pepper.
course 5: rigatoni. thick pasta tubes, fennel sausage, white wine, garlic, parmigiano reggiano.
course 3: granchio. dungeness crab, endive, grapefruit vinaigrette. crisp, tart, delicious.
course 2: ricciola crudo. yellowtail, star anise, cucumber, orange, tarragon.
course 1: kampachi crudo. hawaiian amberjack, taggiasche, avocado, pomegranate, lemon.
can't say enough about the greatness of @equinox gyms. and if you sign up and say i sent you, i think i get a free massage. so join! #noagenda
bypass battle rounds and bossa novas. barney's battling black belts and begging for becki's beautiful booty.  new himym tonight!
@rfivezerofive: @actuallynph what do you think about the @unmlobos love the lobos! my parents are season ticket holders. miss the pit...
begorrah! we found a leprechaun! a real life lil' leprechaun, we did! maybe we'll keep her!
happy st. patrick's day! the la weather is perfectly gray and drizzly in honor o' the occasion. may the eve be full o' irish luck and whiskey!
@randlewis: how do you like your bugaboo stroller? i'm looking to invest in one. we love it. and the company is on twitter! @bugaboo
boy, the background actors at maclaren's today were better looking than ever!
since our house is a wifi disaster (network? timewarner? ghosts?), i am now seeking an internet superhero to fix my life. suggestions?
@xcarlycohen: 13 tweets to @actuallynph in search of a happy birthday tweet. i need a hobby. lucky 13. happy b'day, c.
check out @janetvarney and her new podcast, #jvclub. first interview: christina hendricks, and her dorky teenage years!
all done. the 'stretchy stuff sack' is off and i'm back in a suit. plus, more importantly, i'm finally able to eat. #nachocheesedoritos
i'm totally nude on set later today. and filming outside. less than anxious to stand in front of the crew wearing this:
@whittywhitters: @actuallynph this is in the ward at northwick park hospital, london. greatest clock ever?
@gladsheila: @actuallynph what? are your ears actually bleeding? question submitted by your biggest fan aka mom. no, mommy. just joshing.
that kirk cameron is hilarious!
flying 1st class: grand. having the flu: not so much. ears not able to pop for 90 agonizing minutes as we descended: umm, priceless..?
@momconfessional: @actuallynph performance at #disneyfantasy. memorable.
david javerbaum, last year's tony opening scribe, wrote the awesome opening # for last night' show. and he's hilarious as @thetweetofgod.
spent the evening emceeing an event, christening the new disney cruise ship, fantasy. it is (and i'm not being paid to say this) phenomenal!
catch restaurant is on twitter, as it turns out. @catch_nyc  good stuff.  'night.
why does my stomach hurt right now? i blame @hungqhuynh and all his deliciousness.  i love new york.
course 4d: chocolate brownie cake, tres leches ice cream, rum chocolate sauce.
course 4c: fresh baked cookie bucket. chocolate chip cookie, brownies, fried oreo and more.
course 4b: banana brule split. raspberry bombe, gianduja bombe, cookie dough bombe.
course 3f (i know, i know): cantonese lobster. perhaps the best lobster i've had.
course 3e: applewood bacon brussels sprouts.
course 3c, d: truffle fries, sugar snap peas.
@brwn81: @actuallynph if i was to ever have sex with food, i think it would be that dish. that looks good as fuck.  right?!?
course 3a: bone-in 28 day dry aged strip steak.
course 2c: beef bourguignon pot stickers (not on the menu!):
course 2a: crispy shrimp with spicy miso.
eating at the new restaurant catch. 1st course: sushi rolls (hellfire, catch, and mrc rolls). a fantastic start.
food porn coming up soon. i'm in ny, sitting down to eat. pics soon.
@96becky happy birthday, ms. stinson.
never thought technology would let me use an iphone to play with my balls, but check this out:
all you ninja naysayers can suck it:
watch the new episode of himym tonight and try to spot the awesomest of dudes randomly hanging out at maclaren's. #dontblink
tonight we saw @absinthevegas. wonderful show, acts are fantastic. most importantly, it's the hardest i've laughed in a decade. a must see!
late night dinner at blue ribbon sushi. omakase. amazing. sushi, then sashimi, then fried chicken? then bread pudding?!
at comme ca, a fantastic restaurant in las vegas. why do i always tweet about food? we are celebrating jen burtka's 40th b'day. good times.
yeesh.  nitpick, much..?
i just kicked the s#!t out of five ninjas. my life is random, yet awesome.
course 9c: apple, caramel, bunt wood ice cream. one of the best desserts i've ever had. outstanding!
course 9b: grapefruit, curd, cilantro sorbet, line merengue, avocado pure. odd.
course 9a: textures of chocolate - ganache, soil, twill,  once cream, coffee cream, and a sesame seed cake.
course 8a: beef cheek, fried tendon, carrots, tofu mustard and nasturtium. i'm getting full, but i can't stop eating.
i love david for putting up with my food journalism.
course 7 b: spaghetti, giant squid, squash, hazelnut pesto. fantastic. pasta with no real pasta.
course six b: sea bass, cauliflower, smoked raisin, caper, brown butter sauce.
course six a: skate wing, asparagus, mushroom oatmeal, mushroom hay. haaaay!
course 5: lamb tongue, snap peas, chickpea cylinders, yoghurt spheres, curry jus. told 'we need some tongue tonight'.
course 4: roasted carrots, coconut ice, cardamom soil, carrot juice, curry. chilly and great.
course three b: foie gras, waffle cracker, smoked maple marshmallow, hot sauce. perhaps the best i've ever had.
course three a: raw tuna, dashi sponge, radish, grapefruit, crispy rice. yum.
1st course: beau soleil oysters with mignonette ice. aphrodisiliciois!
i'm'a gonna tweet our amazing valentine meal at ink (@mvinkla), course by course. prepare yourselves...
at a delicious valentine dinner w/ the fetching @davidburtka. i'm both happy and hungry.
yowza! look what arrived for a certain me on set just now. thanks, @davidburtka. how romantical!
happy valentine's day, everyone!! hope your day is filled with love, or at the very least a good shagging.
so becki newton, my sexy new himym squeeze is on twitter, but her handle is @newtonbecki and not what i tweeted before.
great grammys! bravo to the entire gang that produces this show. seriously, from backstage it's unreal. crew, handlers, producers: bravo!
adele!!  i kissed her. on both cheeks. just sayin'.
nicki minaj was outstanding. levitations rule.
just hung out with fergie. not only is she hot and talented and super cool, but she's a 2 time grammy winner tonight.  8 so far. respect.
katy perry doing a magic illusion on the grammys just gave me a boner. is that wrong?
taylor swift! and sheriff swift! and coal miner swift! and prospector swift!
the amazing kelly clarkson singing her face off on the set of hugo!
chris brown was just channeling q-bert with some flying squirrel dancers!
pimpin' in our dope grammy ride:
such sad news about whitney houston. she was a legend, but what a life..! my thoughts and prayers go out to her family.
here's a story about @magiccastle and the recent fire:
@stixanimated most likely. i reference clue: the movie whenever i'm able.
just watched the super bowl halftime show on tv. i think it's one of the best produced shows ever. big ups to all that worked so hard on it.
tonight's himym episode was crazy to film. just know: all three acts are exactly the same length. it'll make sense after you see it.
at last: a brand new episode of himym is on tonight! it's a 'structure' episode, one of my favorite kinds. hopey you likey.
oh, and i finally ate at @stelmo! so happy i couldn't stop crying. partly because we got a table, mostly from the spicy shrimp cocktail.
what a day at the super bowl! all i wanted was a close, exciting game right up to the last play. it didn't disappoint. congrats, ny giants!
kidding aside, we had dinner at @recessindy and it was fantastic. great concept, lovely staff, and spot on food. yum!
saw @billyeichner on the street with a camera crew. i wanted to jump out of the car a play a game with him. love that guy.
got a reservation at a fancy place i found online. famous for their beef and sweet drinks. called steak and... shake? hope it's good.
just tried to get into st. elmo (@stelmo) for dinner. booked solid until 10:30!  what is this, the night before the super bowl? #boo
very excited for a super bowl weekend in indianapolis. where should i go? i hear there's a big football game on sunday.
comics fans: my friend and fellow magi @cardjon (with @mikecosta) put a cool idea to paper. check it out at @smokemirrorsidw
@evamour: @actuallynph should play a sad clown.has the perfect eyes for it...  umm... thanks?
honored to help m&ms reveal @mmsbrown this week in la! watch her tv debut this sunday at the super bowl. #spon
rock climbing with @davidburtka today. chill sunday fun.
about to watch the second episode of american horror story. what a trip! reminds me of the shining. i fear i'm hooked.
learn more about m&ms new character - ms. brown - on the book of face: 
happy australia day, australia! our awesome baby nurse is from down undah, and she taught our tots to sleeeep. i am forever in your debt.
@madeupmakeup: @actuallynph , my girlfriend doesn't know who you are. what should i do? #confused )) break up with her.
@davidepedroli: @actuallynph an orphan w/ automaton in a train station or a movie pioneer?" kinda both! and a love story. and an adventure!
just got back from seeing hugo. i loved it. if you haven't seen it yet, the 3d is spectacular. and the magic? my favorite movie of the year.
seeing hugo tonight. in 3d. can't frigging wait! i collect automata, so i'm already loving it. happy that it got so many oscar noms.
m&ms asked me to announce that a new character, ms. brown, will be unveiled during the sb. meet her before her big debut: @mmsbrown! #spon
if any of those sundance gifting suites want to include @davidburtka, let me know and i'll tell him. #athomeandwantpresents
i'm at home herding frenetic and fearless babies while db is hanging out with celebs and hipsters at sundance. bollocks, i say!!
in today's current political climate, i suppose it's no longer appropriate to say 'bully! bully!' as an expression of admiration.
egads! i'm totes loving all of your foxy suggestions for other old/new words. thanks. and that's no poppycock!
i kind of want to bring an old word back into my vocabulary. hmm. ooh, got it! grody. as in 'ew, that's grody'. welcome back, old friend.
@johnwluke: @actuallynph my license plate of wwnphd is up for renewal. should i let the joke die or renew? you'd best renew, mr. picard.
what's in the box?!? what's in the boooooox?!?  i can't stand it! i got's to know!
dooods! it worked! i won a people's choice award! as did the show! thanks so so much for voting, and for just being generally rad.
so this box arrived from the syfy network. if i open it, i keep the loot. if i resist temptation, they'll give a gift to humanity. hmmm...
minivan update: the honda odyssey is crushing the others in your replies. toyota sienna distant second. smartcar dead last.
@soulofarainbow: @actuallynph have you got a favourite elton john's song? too many to choose. rocket man? levon?
i've found a new tv obsession: celebrity big brother uk. can't stop watching youtube videos! i so badly want to partake!
minivan. as the kids grow, the looming inevitability of a minivan stands before me. is one model preferable?  ug. a minivan. who am i?
should i get our daughter harper into pageants?
game show fans: please watch the price is right tomorrow. i get to play. and spin the wheel. and i may get tackled. good times.
it's only the 2nd day of the year, and one of my wishes is coming true: there is finally a new episode of himym on. tonight! huzzah!
congrats to daniel radcliffe on his final performance of how to succeed on b'way. 8 shows a week for 10 months demands respect. kudos.
rt @chrisisalover  being proud of yourself is a really important thing. stand tall, chris. individuality is sexy.
@hyacinth_clare: loved you in the adventures of tintin:
@talayeh13: @actuallynph iris or ovo? ovo's crazy good, but for a younger mentality. iris is so visually challenging. my answer: yes
happy 12/25, everyone. we've had an amazing xmas. loads of gifts! quick question: coal is good, right? a sign of respect?
as a special holiday surprise, i thought i'd show you a picture my thick noble wood:
merry christmas eve! (interestingly, that's also my drag queen name.)
while i 'less than three' presents, i don't 'less than three' wrapping them...
there may be nothing more deliciouser than hagen-dazs chocolate peanut butter ice cream. it's nirvana.
had an amazing night at the @magiccastle tonight. 1st time for @jessetyler and others. great magic, awesome crowd. proud to be president.
i love buying christmas presents for people!  especially when that people is myself.
@hollabee13: @actuallynph if u could be any animal what would it be? easy: dolphin. no wait! a practical joke playing monkey. either way.
@steingas: @actuallynph favorite song right now, go!  lucky, by jason mraz.
@lindazilla: @actuallynph what is the name of the sushi place you love love in the studio city area? i need a fix. kiwami. the best.
only in la would demi moore's being a client be justification enough for putting leeches on your face...
at a party last night i met a doctor who performs leech therapy. when asked the benefits, he said "you know demi moore? she's a benefit." #?
nice! just heard about @howardstern. thrilled he is the new judge on america's got talent! just became appointment tv. he'll be amazing!
happy to be home. about to trim the tree with david. that's not a euphemism. not yet anyway. fingers crossed.
that was my 666th tw - whuuh, what's happening?  what's happening to mmmm - red rum!  red rum!  redddd rummmmm!
just left the happy, hypnotic haze of disney world and entered the harsh realities of actual world. it's a cruel slap in face, i tells ya.
wow. just cried during the wonderful finding nemo stage show at the animal kingdom. love that show, miss my kids. #sap
still loving disney world. animal kingdom today. fantastic. thanks to all who braved the weather for tonight's candlelight shows! #downpour
...zip-a-dee-ay! my, oh my, what a wonderful day!
check out & download my friend @gavincreel s new song #noise to raise money for @broadwayimpact and equal rights.
laers: see the wonderful holiday show snow white christmas! perfect for the family. i'm in it! here's a review:
btw, tonight's himym is worth watching. cobie smulders is so rare and funny and subtle and dope. attention must be paid!
less than 24 hours to vote:
@enews: excited to announce that @davidburtka is joining us as a correspondent for e! news starting in january! welcome! congrats, db!
just saw the b'way play other desert cities. glorious, intricate, superb writing, impeccable cast. a brilliant night of theatre.
now that my duties with live! are done (huh, huh... i said duties), what nyc landmarks should we show the twins tomorrow?
truly sorry for saying the word 'tranny' on live this week. twice! should have been more thoughtful. didn't at all mean to offend.
@mr_jtee: @actuallynph bro..where do you get you suits from? that gray one on the kelly show is too fly. thanks. that was simon spurr.
something random and super cool to watch when you're bored: 
having such fun spending my mornings with @kellyripa. i'm kinda sorta falling in love with her. what do i say to david?
just got home from the most spectacular evening at @sleepnomorenyc. i'll explain all on live tomorrow morning with @kellyripa.
happy thanksgiving everyone. there are so many things to be thankful for this year, i'm very blessed. hope you had a stress free day.
saw the wonderful @markconsuelos performing in standing on ceremony tonight. great show. can't wait for it to someday be a period piece.
saturday night we ate at the restaurant lexington brass (lex twixt 48&49). maybe the best fish and chips i've had:
loved cheering @jasonsegel on at snl on saturday. he killed it. although watching him making out with paul rudd almost turned me straight.
loving nyc! it's chilly! it's autumn! (only when i leave l.a. do i remember this whole 'weather' and 'seasons' thing...) #iwannamove
congratulation on an extraordinary run, regis. you're an inspiration, and a class act. you and @kellyripa were great together. thank you.
laugh 4 a good cause! join @sarahksilverman @kenjeong @rob riggle will ferrell & more 2morrow @ #varietypoc. buy tix at
if i win another people's choice award, i promise to put them on the precarious shelves right above the babies' cribs!
calling all fans (and all people who make those awesome robo-voting programs):
i was just looking back at my first few tweets, and i realize that i've really grown a lot since then.  matured.  i have finally learned tha
favor for a friend: los feliz charter needs a 1st new playground! text vote clorox3905 to 441-44 or
at long last, @jasonsegel is live on twitter. be warned. be afraid.
break a leg, @billycrystal. the oscars are lucky to have you.
duuudes! @ew gave us an a! great good news!
david's @gourmetmd served fantastic food presented in the most disgusting ways imaginable (didn't mean to offend). gross, yet gourmet.
booze was provided by corzo tequila. hangover was provided by dehydration. 'twas delicious swill!
recovering from our halloween party last night. it was a crazy fun time. everyone put a lotta effort into their costumes.  loved it!
rt @sararymarcsuk @actuallynph my friend's halloween costume.  it made my life. 
rt @martehveem @actuallynph 
rt @six2midnight @actuallynph trick or treat....hi! i'm russell from "up"
hope everyone partied it up last night, costume-style! send me pics. i wanna see what you wore. i'll rt the great ones.
rt @yic147 @actuallynph here, i've got something that will make you feel better (clink). oooo, it has real gold flakes..! &gt;&gt;yum! (slam) grr!
i love the new h&k xmas movie. it's rad. talking about myself in 4 minute interviews for 7 straight hours? not as rad. #mushybrain
i just woke up.  my head is pounding.  my toilet is filled with gold!  what just happened?
bluuughh (pour)  gabbbel smarthy wanna trrr (slam) grrr ! can't stahhhhp throwing uuuhp! (poor)  mommmmy (slammed) ...whyyy..?
myyy head iz spinnining... therrrre'z actual, flaaakes of gold in this baht... this bahht...(pour) this glass. eyeohfeelzogood. (slam) (cry)
two million followers?!? oh my stars! how should we celebrate? wait, what's this? goldschlger? um, okay. (pour) cheers! (slam) grrr!
dear time warner: as you are (annoyingly) my only option, can you please improve your connection speeds? i feel like i'm on aol, circa 1989.
i saw easily the scariest walk thru haunted house/play of 2011. called delusion, it's terrifying! all la'ers must go!
the people choose: click here and vote, if you wanna:
watching the ed alonzo's psycho circus at knott's. best show in the park. screw mazes, check out his hilarity! love ed alonzo!
loved the hanging at knott's! well done, stunt actors. well done, writer jeff tucker! hilarious.
happy international suit up day! pimp your threads with pride, and send me pics as i want proof of your awesomeness.
and i'm in awe of, and so grateful for, @davidburtka. he is, in my humble opinion, the greatest dad in the history of ever.
things i dig: our twins gideon and harper, who are one year old today! they are glorious. so proud to be their papa.
rest in peace, steve jobs.  your genius will live on for generations to come...
rt @therealjackc @actuallynph please watch this. it's dedicated to you.
my smurfy friend hank azaria is starring in free agents, a new comedy tonight at 8:30. yes, it's on nbc, but he's too funny not to watch.
i can't get over it. best concert i've ever been to. and i'm not a shill. just a fan. wow.
elton's show was f***ing unreal! he's fanfriggingtastic. if you go to vegas... see. this. show.
midshow. i'm so lucky to have somehow been on elton john's radar.  his show is fantastic. he's better than he's ever been!  great night.
@atigs  break legs, andy. specifically, captain hammer's. i'm sure you'll knock 'em dead. and the 'em is, one again, captain hammer.
things i dig: sonos wireless music system. listen to different music in every room of the house! a perfect gift for, say, rosh hashanah.
just saw the premiere of cirque du soleil's new show iris. it's ammazing! if you come to hollywood, it is a must see!  best show in years!
equinox gyms turn 20 today. i must say, they don't look it. #happy20thequinox
dudes, i wrote this thing. if you fancy, take a gander:
best tattoo ever! though when the show is cancelled, i bet they'll need www.drtattoff.com for a few.
things i dig: chick-fil-a.  ohmygodtheirfoodissodeliciousandtheyareopeningalocationinhollywoodinthreedays!!!  gah!! i'm obsessed.
how i met your mother premieres tonight! tell your friends, alert your neighbors, cold call random people. it's a good one. i even dance.
just preordered my copy, @hitrecordjoe. i appreciate the constant creativity, sir. can't wait to watch/listen.
things i dig:
whether, not weather.  jeez.  such vitriol...
things i dig: @howardstern. weather a live show or a best of, king stern and the gang make driving in l.a. a blast. huge fan. baba booey!
looking for an affordable, reliable, awesome handyman to help with a big family project in abq, nm. anyone interested?
and fireworks! wowza!
at the hollywood bowl, listening to tchaikovsky by the glorious la philharmonic. sometimes it's nice to just still and listen for a spell.
things i dig: monkeys.
things i dig: equinox gyms. not cheap, but worth it. best staff, hottest members, latest equipment. they make sweating sweet.
things i dig: sushi. sitting at the bar being served amazing fish, omakase-style, is the best. kiwami in studio city is my current #1.
rt @whasabae @actuallynph have you been watching #cbsbigbrother this season? if so, your thoughts on it...) jordan, all the way. i love her.
things i dig: pottery barn kids. just got me a changing table and a rug and such. the twins can't stay away:
things i dig: ventriloquist puppets. old school vaudeville and creepy. here's one i own:
book seats to live local events thru @goldstar. they just sold their 5 millionth ticket! read the @techcrunch write up:
oops. steve jobs and tim cook apparently have different twitter names. sorry, other dudes that i just wrote about.
crazy respect for @stevejobs. the technology that he championed? phenomenal.  best of luck, @timcook. long live apple.
sorry i haven't tweeted lately. i fear i've run out of things to say. like we're on an awkward 4th date, staring at each other in silence.
back at work on himym's season 7! i must say, the premiere episode will definitely be groovy.
terrific. now, instead of blocks, all the twins are wanting for their birthday is a mega-yacht.
had a lot of fun with @bravoandy last night. here's a picture of me pointing at him:
rt @bravoandy there's nothing @actuallynph can't do!! what a great guest. thanks neil
@howardstern, where was eric on the red carpet for the smurfs premiere?!? i was dying to talk to him!
rt @kellyripa hey @actuallynph check it out! smurftastic!!
smurfs premiere this afternoon in nyc! hmmm, what color should i wear..?
had a blast guest judging sytycd this week! the top 10 dancers are so talented - almost better than those chicks that danced with snoop.
what a rush! i must say, i feel so proud of all of the dancers. from dress rehearsal through live broadcast, they gave their all. well done.
just finished dress rehearsal for sytycd. such pressure. i'm really really nervous right now. and i'm only sitting in a chair!
i love having the 405 freeway closed. traffic is nonexistent. carmageddon is the best! i'm gonna carma-get-in my car and run some errands.
gideon & harper are 9 months old today. having a low key party. 400 people. viper room. slam dancing. pitbull is performing. should be dope.
had a wonderful afternoon with the great @stephenfry today.  it involved cameras and took place in my living room, and for once wasn't porn.
happy 5th of july! for those of you that already miss fireworks, here's a fun, sexy video i found: 
my mother's father, g. walter scott, passed away this afternoon. he was 95, and was a great influence on me. rest in peace, grandpa scott.
so i'm directing a cool theatre show, expert at the card table, 7/13 to 8/7. limited seating. watch me pimp it:
@richardblais @flipburger likewise, rb. you're an inspiration. let's open a flip burger in l.a.!
just left atlanta after a few days of fun. amazing restaurants! flip burger was unreal. woodfire grill tasting: spectacular! top chefs rock.
my three go to's: pasta bolognese, a burrito, or some delightful version of a chicken sandwich.
i wish every meal could be a tasting menu, chosen by the chef and served as a surprise. otherwise, i always order the same three things.
and now, for something far less political: a rock juggling otter! 
weird that drudge report has not a single mention about the marriage equality vote in ny? does he not want to admit that it happened?
david and i did propose to each other, but over five years ago! we've been wearing engagement rings for ages, waiting for an available date.
i'd sure love to get married. please, ny senate, vote in favor of marriage equality today. my family would really appreciate it.
@shadowolf19 try booking thru @goldstar. they are amazing. i strongly endorse them. see live events at a major discount:
laers: i'm directing an intimate, magical theatrical production called expert at the card table from 7/13-8/7 check it:
may be seeing sleep no more again tonight. but as everyone wears masks throughout the show, you'll never knoooooow..!
the answer was 'scott' or 72688. the numbers represented the letters on a telephone pad. to everyone who solved it, well played...
speaking of codes, solve this:

9428 47 843 643353 6263 63 69 766? 

hope you don't get hung up on this one...
flying east.  loving loving the wifi on the plane!  thank you gogo inflight.  you keep me away from skymall and it's wondrous treasures.
company will extend its run from june 23rd to june 26th at many movie theaters across the country! visit www.companyonscreen.com for deets.
@ball4ny please vote yes on marriage equality. it'd mean a lot to me and my family.
then, in the backyard, he hired a group of acrobats to do this epic cirque-like show in/around the pool. with fire!! @davidburtka rules.
my b'day was unreal. d created a surprise 'murder mystery' with 25 close friends in character. i was the detective and had to solve crimes!
company is starting is limited run in theatres today! 1 show per night.  only 4 nights. buy a ticket for my birthday!
after many many months, spider-man opens on b'way tonight. to the great cast and crew who knew not what they were in for: congratulations!
kudos also to david javerbaum and adam schlesinger for writing the tony opening number and for having difficult names to spell.
better link: youtu.be/4cr-sait8le
walking the high line for the first time. about to see the sun set. the vibe here is great, everyone is so happy. new york is fantastic!
spending way to many hours at mario batali's amaaaazing italian market/restaurant/food mall eataly. david is in culinary heaven!
having a perfect relaxing day with d. just saw the alexander mcqueen exhibit at the met. intricate, sexy, hypnotic and inspiring.
in prepping for the tonys, i find that i only have 2 1/2 hours of spiderman material, and need much more. so. favorite spiderman joke. go:
normal heart: joe mantello gives the most riveting, honest, passionate, brilliant performance i've seen in years. i am so deeply impressed.
saw the normal heart tonight. riveting. i'm a mess. all gay people should be required to see it. all straight people will be changed by it.
jane lynch is hosting this year's emmys. great call. perfect choice. can't wait.
i must say, new york theatre is so impressive this year! tonight i saw motherfu**er with the hat. i fucking loved it.
the love of my life and daddy to our twins - @davidburtka - was born today. i am very glad he was. would you send him a b'day message?
@tykapfh is there ever a show you don't like?! // oh yeah. i'm just very specific in my wording. compliments don't always equal raves.
saw sleep no more tonight. 1 of the single greatest things i've ever seen. immersive theatre on a whole other level: www.sleepnomorenyc.com
nyc-ers: my friend nick has a hilarious show he co-writes called shells, and it's at joe's pub tonight. critic's pick:
what number can book of mormon even do on @thetonyawards?!?
book of mormon tonight. hardest i've laughed during a show in years. a f***ing plus. everyone is brilliant. must must see.
more theatah: saw matinee of catch me if you can. norbert leo butz is outstanding. aaron tveit (again, robbed!) is so crazy gifted.
crows=crowds. stupid thumbs...
the tony preparations continue. saw how to succeed last night. daniel was robbed. rob ashford's direction rules. the crows went nuts.
just saw sister act on b'way. no expectations - and we loved it. patina miller (the lead) has every reason to win a tony.
himym season 6 finale is tonight! you should watch, as one character will die! not really, but it's a funny show:
just saw priscilla, queen of the desert on broadway. gayest thing i've ever seen, in the good way. audience loved it, as did i.
@gottaloveyou1 the other day i announced that i would have a sex change just so i could have a chance with @actuallynph. --- that's hot.
ashton's replacing charlie?  good times! cbs shindigs just got much easier on the eyes...
@georgaldinho: i think i've turned gay for you.  ---  that's hot.
my friend and great magician derek (@derek_del) is performing a magic show live, via twitter, on 5/19. whuua?
nyers: i'm trying to find a simple, furnished sublet for our nanny in the upper west side-ish area for a month or so.  any leads?
the tony awards are now on twitter: (timpani...) @thetonyawards  (and spin it, and spot it, and spin it, and spin it, and splits!)
i'm hosting this year's tony awards.  (crouch, snap! - step, snap! - step, snap! - jazz hands!)
happy mother's day, everyone!  i'm very lucky to have a mom i respect and love. sheila (@gladsheila), i'm super proud to be your son.
oof.  just ate a giant, nasty beef burrito for dinner. happy cinco de mayoh, no..!
oops. mormon, not morman. (insert your own joke here: ____________ )
navy seals are the s#it.
everyone is sitting around my living room, mouths agape. wow, what a night. thank you, mr. president, for such an eloquent speech.
going to a friend's to watch the ufc fights tonight.  i need to learn how to discipline the babies once they become toddlers.
@nathanfillion thanks, err. um. i've.. gotta... err.  i'm now feeling a little... naus... umm... i should sit down, now, nathan. um, thanks.
i'm directing my first multi camera pilot for cbs in a few short hours. hoping the comedy stars align, and all goes swell. fingers crossed!
eating the most delicious sushi dinner at asanebo, in studio city. the food is blowing my mind hole:
unsolicited rave: i love equinox and their gyms. super clean, new equipment, great employees. makes me look forward to working out...
good news: i just received my shorty award in the mail.  less good news: it arrived broken and a bit shattered.  #likemyspirit
watched the first part of amc's new series the killing. i'm hooked. loving it. hoping the murder mystery makes a big comeback.
@rhydlover we are super duper happy. david is my hero.
gadzooks, was that company experience grueling! and just like that, it's done. crazy. if you saw it, great. if not, i hear you might soon...
@meritthorson @jeremysmolik congrats, you two.
company rehearsals are exhausting madness. colbert is kigass: 
just arrived into chilly nyc to start rehearsals for company. show starts in five days. sweet lamb, i've got a lot to learn...
my friend @marycmccormack is back on in plain sight. the new season starts soon, so set your dvrs. she's great and it films in abq (bonus!).
i'm sick of these negative responses! rude, hurtful, constant - it's too much. i'm leaving twitter. love to say i'm joking, but i'm not.
oooh, i gotta good tweet. here goes: 'aw snap, those kardashians is so craaazy! wtf?!?'

good, right?
so i won a shorty award for tweeting. very cool. but now there's too much pressure. i don't know what to say. i have tweeter's block...
just performed at a benefit in ojai, ca. at the dinner after sat next to friggin' @conanobrien and his lovely wife! he's very rad. #teamcoco
harry houdini was born on this day, 137 years ago.  when using handcuffs or other restraints tonight, please do so in his honor.
@mikenitty91 mike, i appreciate your saying that.  thanks, man.  that was a cool thing to acknowledge.  props to you.
ok, no more answering of questions for a spell. knuckleheads keep sending the same ones to me hundreds of times...
@heterosexismdoc sorry mate. my dance card is fill right now.
@packman1984 hey what kind of phone do u have?....patrick williams from indianapolis // iphone (rocks). 3g (rocks). at&t (not so much).
oops.  "potubef" should be "potubhf."
more of a puzzle than a riddle.  enjoy.
xibu 2071t nvsefsfs ibwf j qmbzfe potubef? hp up 'playdeadnyc.com' xjui uif sjhiu botxfs boe zpv'mm xjo 41% pgg ujdlfut up 'qmbz efbe'.
@ampnga there will be another h&k. a holiday flick - in 3d, no less!  and come on, a shotgun blast can't keep a drug-addled nph down...
@petesawesome my advice? bad relationships provide knowledge you'll need for the good one. nph from h&k? bang some strange. our babies rock.
i've decided to start replying to more tweets. so every time i check twitter, i'm gonna respond to the latest one. we'll see how it goes...
thanks for seeing @beastlymovie, those that did. now if each of you tell 287 of your friends to do the same we can beat rango! let's do it!
himym picked up for 2 more years! yahoo! with so much job security, i should buy something extravagant. like a pony. or some gold teeth!
john boehner: no disrespect, but please don't claim to speak for all americans and what they want their leaders to focus on. you don't.
happy oscar sunday!  i'm grateful that i'll be watching from my living room this year, and not hyperventilating offstage, about to perform.
just bought a new (and expennsive!) baby monitor system from summer infant. staring at the many screens makes me feel like a bond villain...
gearing up to do lotsta of press for @beastlymovie this week. you name it: bench, permanent, full court, im.  get ready.
arcade fire!  i'm having... a... seizure..!
nicki minaj's hair made me hungry for carnival snacks.
i must say, watching the crew backstage strike and set up 18 different acts is amazing. truly. they deserve an award themselves.
i'm backstage. i've already declared cee lo's my favorite performance. you'll see why shortly.
holy cripes..!  ninjas!!
big fan of the monocle. so glad to see it making a comeback.
loved lady gaga's ode to haunted mansion's pipe organ.  respect.
alright, it's decided. i'm going with the wrestling singlet and the glitter. can't wait!!
excited for my 1st grammys! what should i wear? i'm thinking a black tux with that metal robot headpiece will.i.am wore at the super bowl.
@ithacappella's cover of "firework" is now on itunes! 100% of proceeds go to #thetrevorproject. please support 'em.
@realjoeyfatone thanks, jf. that means a lot coming from someone in the rent family. best to you, n
great fun, the super bowl. loved it.  #whatsoproudlywewatched
i'm loving the new ipad newspaper, the daily. it's fantastic. interactive. i'm finally living life like i'm in an epcot center ride!
cbs just emailed me promos for the katy perry ep of himym. not sure if i'm supposed to tweet 'em yet. oops.
this pic kind of sums up my life right now:
interviewing brian henson was rad. thanks for your muppet questions, everyone. the show was a blast! pointing pic:
@ralphanatorx no, never.
@caleb5107 it's not me.  i'm anti-facebook.
meh, maybe i'll just spring for liposuction and 639 muscle implants...
finding time to exercise is difficult with babies. i'm thinking of trying p90x. thoughts?
@gabrielmoro i'm been told by the higher ups not to tweet a pic of the two of us. trying to figure a way around that one. stay tuned.
@emsilyanne i love scavenger hunts! hope you win!
ny theatre: go see playdeadnyc.com. fun, ghostly chills and unholy resurrection. plus, the perfect excuse to grope your date in the dark.
happy b'day @nisadwyz. hope it's a stellar year for ya.
@fasjr609 please thank your friend profusely. my phone is safely in my digits.
saw spiderman musical last night. won't review, as still in previews. will say this: the two leads (@reevecarney & jennifer damiano) rock.
sincere thanks for all the pca votes. couldn'ta done it withoutcha. (cue music) also like to thank the cast, the crew, my agents, and finall
wow, queen latifa gets an a+! best host ever! and she's totally not pinning me to the wall backstage, choking me... as i... write this..!
i'm a grown man.  i'm 37 years old.  and yet, i still giggle when anyone says the word 'duty'.  why is that?
neil's new year resolutions, part last: make shorter lists.
neil's new year resolutions, part 8: more nachos.
neil's new year resolutions, part 7: spend a small part of every day reading.  not surfing, not searching - just reading.
neil's new year resolutions, part 6: host less, sleep more.
neil's new year resolutions, part 4: send more thank you notes. it only takes a few minutes, and is a very nice gesture.
neil's new year resolutions, part 3: try not to insult aged soap stars, especially when you're on the same network.
neil's new year resolutions, part 2: much more yoga. long, lean muscles. calm, clear mind.
great congratulations to david furnish & elton john on the birth of their son, zachary! can't wait for play dates in the south of france...
ho ho ho, 'ho!  merrrrry christmaaaas! i hope you got everything on your list, and a few things you didn't even know you wanted!  xoxo, n
merry christmas eve, everyone!  here's a kigass little vid to keep you staying festive: 
here's the greatest holiday video maybe ever: rt @motancharoen: happy holidays yo! with love from me and @jedwhedon
love dan & jen. love watching them interact with the twins. i'm noticing that babies make everyone act so lovey and giddy. it's awesome.
opened presents tonight with david's dad and sister, who are leaving tomorrow. great gifts!  bbc sherlock dvd, new sondheim book, many gcs.
don't ask, don't tell repealed! so proud of congress for making the right decision. now all soldiers can serve with integrity. a great day.
my favorite holiday song: 12 days of christmas, by the muppets. why: beaker singing 'mee mee mee mee mee mee!' slays me.
now i feel bad for the d-bag comment. don't know the guy personally. i'm just fiercely protective of our show.
two merry questions:  what's your favorite holiday song and why?
himym holiday party today after work. can't wait. it's catered by... @gourmetmd!  deee - wait for it - licious!
we've recast with ray wise, a fantastic actor who makes any part 'substantial'.  super excited to welcome him to the family!
a million followers. 

rad. 

thanks for reading the stuff i write.  i'll try not to misspell words very otfen.
there is still hope for a dadt repeal! voting saturday, it seems.  i hope so. fingers are calloused from crossing them so much...
rest in peace, blake edwards.  you gave us more than a lifetime of laughs...
@nathanfillion and to you, sir. as delightful and debonaire as e'er.  thanks for telling me the secrets to the walking dead.
the hot vga trophy girl is wearing a metal dress, so she can't sit down. all night.
backstage at the vgas. show is going well, live is nerve-wracking. but these premieres are unreal. technology rules!
@marlimt @actuallynph hey quick question: are you in the new animated movie rio?  nope.
@frankdecaroshow true, frank.  i love you, too.
i'm so glad that howard stern signed up for another 5 years at sirius/xm! he (and @rqui) makes driving in la something i look forward to!
i'm hosting the video game awards this saturday on spiketv. they're using 'augmented reality' technology throughout. crazy new amazing.
why would anyone choose that default robot greeting on their outgoing voicemail? does anyone want to 'leave a callback number'? ever?
i just got a call from the people's choice people. i'm in dead last place. fewer vote than the movie salt...
what i'm thankful for, part 10: walt disney world, our himym resident director pam fryman, canon s90, this guy:
sorry.  sorry.  harper was playing with my iphone...
what i'm thankful for, part 9: eeeeechkt... unnng, unnnnnng, baaah... eechhhhkt... waaaaahhhh!  waaaaaaaaahhhh!!!
what i'm thankful for, part 7: the fact that everyone is taking a few hours out of this day to vote 10000 times (
what i'm thankful for, part 6: a great meal from @gourmetmd (
what i'm thankful for, part 5: my mom, who's new to twitter (@gladsheila), pixar everything, omakase sushi, kristin wiig, the magic castle
what i'm thankful for, part 3: jason segel reviving the muppets, frontier burritos, our troops here and abroad, burp cloths, doodle jump.
what i'm thankful for, part 2: barney stinson, leftover turkey sandwiches, the dopest twitter followers around, bristol not winning dwts.
what i'm thankful for, part 1: david b & the wonder twins, haagen daz chocolate peanut butter ice cream, the walking dead on amc, ianything
excited about tomorrow. my 39th annual 'what i'm thankful for' list will have many chapters, and overstay it's welcome. much like relatives.
west coast theatre peeps, go see a fun british panto - cinderella: www.cinderellalivela.com opens saturday, thru dec. 19th. good family fun!
my thanksgiving break starts right... wait for it... now!  yahooooo!
sorry, here's the link:
i just got a troubling call from the people's choice people. it seems some of you are not meeting your 'five gajillion votes for nph' quota?
i'm wanting to buy a piano. ooh, maybe one that plays itself, like magic! suggestions? is the yamaha disklavier the best? thoughts?
i'm apparently up for a people's choice award. if you have a few minutes, please vote for me five billion times. 
has anyone been on the california screamin' roller coaster at disney's california adventure lately?  i hear it's better than ever...
'circus', the fantastic new documentary on pbs, starts tonight. compelling stories, amazing shots. i can't recommend it enough. brilliant!
this is my new favorite animal!  the magician of the sea: 
in this sesame street controversy, i keep getting mentioned as the 'shoe fairy'. false! i was the 'fairy shoe person', thank you very much.
check out: www.houseathauntedhill.com  
support your local, home made haunted houses!  i love halloween. so appreciate what these guys do.
sad news: tom bosley has passed away. such a wonderful man. we worked together in cabaret on broadway. so kind. he will be missed...
i think sleep deprivation is making me punchy. night night.
@fireman_pat  tried to ignore, then it gets picked up by other sites, (ny post, etc.), and becomes understood as fact. daddy no likey.
come see this immersive theatre show i'm producing: accomplice. discount tix! $45 tix in hollywood $40 ny fridays!
youngsters. they cry a lot. i thought it was just a long bit that they were doing. i keep saying, "annnnd, scene!"... but nothing happens.
babies!!  on 10/12, gideon scott and harper grace entered the burtka-harris fold.  all of us are happy, healthy, tired, and a little pukey.
crap. it's bazaar, not bizarre. sorry. bazaar=delicious dinner. bizarre=me.
amazing dinner tonight at bizarre restaurant. yum. modern techniques to create delicious small courses, like this:
the sentence is in order.  just not the one you think.
decrypting.  encrypting would be pointless.  sorry.
my last tweet is a bit of a game.  have fun encrypting.
iy uar ati tete akhn, moyuf vr tfag elg reio ar ofea etcbmews hdencof.
this week's returning himym guest star: hilarious, hilarious, friggin' hilarious. we love us some wf!
was in ny today to promote himym being in syndication, starting today. twice a day. everywhere. all the time. cable-icious..!
scratch that. this event is kick ass fantastic. old footage of the making of disney audio animatronics figures from the 60s. very very rad.
i need a computer savvy person in new mexico (preferably abq) to help my brother with some it issues for our restaurant. any suggestions?
sexy crowd at these fashion fetes. models and hotness at every turn. my view of the strokey goodness: 
sexy crowd at these fashion fetes. models and hotness at every turn. my view of the strokey goodness: 
just left the tommy hilfiger runway show and party. how very fashiontastic! 
just saw a little night music on b'way. intimate, lovely. bernadette peters is beautiful, strong, fragile, kinda perfect. try to see it.
my sincere and heartfelt condolences to whoopi goldberg and the loss of her mother last week. so sad. please send good thoughts their way.
just read a letter given to me at the benefit, was supposed to read it while there. so sorry, rita. happy 32nd anniversary to you and kelli!
and a very fetching crowd, to boot.  nice people.  good times.
just participated in a benefit for www.musicaltheatresw.com in abq, after a fire destroyed all their inventory. donations would rock.
just spent the day on set with frances conroy/wayne brady. very proud to be their son/brother.  excited about season six of himym.
rumor watch 2010: i'm absolutely not leaving la or the business. errant reporting, popeater. total bunk. oh, and good morning everyone!
f'in h..!  i spelled his name wrong. kevin pollak. no 'c'. sorry, good sir. fun, lengthy interview. kevinpollakschatshow.com.
so, get this: david and i are expecting twins this fall. we're super excited/nervous/thrilled. hoping the press can respect our privacy...
sytycd finale tonight. i was rooting for robert, but completely satisfied that lauren won. such a great series. they're super human people.
thanks, @envelope.   boomer rules.
rent 1st performance last night. very, very proud. remarkable, considering it was the first full run thru with lights, orchestra, etc.
too busy with rent rehearsals to applaud the decimation of prop 8?  crikey, i've gotta get my priorities in check...
first run thru of the entire show tomorrow, after 5 days of rehearsals!!  i'm so, so proud of this cast. they are uniformly fantastic.
vanessa's awesome. bringing her own ideas, so we've decided to change some of the show. here's her new solo: 
fred's brother watson is jealous about all of fred's positive twitter response. so in the spirit of dogquality: 
pic from even earlier in the drive: oh my god! aaah!  it so bright, and so vivid! aaaaah! (sob) it's so beautiful! 
link didn't seem to work. take 2:


road tripping across america with david and 
the dogs. i never knew utah had such amazing terrain:
best polish meal ever. polish village in hamtramck. next course: golbki (stuffed cabbage). i feel like bourdain. 
went to the best wine shop in the eastern market: cost plus wine shop. such a great selection. tell them i sent you. love deeee troit!
not sure about the rest of the movie (though it has tom lennon, who is hilariawesome), but the nph stuff is crazy, nutso,  out of control.
just wrapped harold & kumar 3. in 3d, no less! had a crazy fun time filming. i think it'll be funny. dark and super raw, but still funny.
just saw toy story 3.  how is pixar always so perfect?
lindsay lohan crying in the courtroom - true, authentic regret or yet another theatrical performance? so hard to tell with actresses...
this year's emmys should be fun, so many friends will be there!  very excited about @jessetyler and his nomination. albuquerque represent!
in santorini, the katikies is sublime!  not to shill, but i'm loving these leading small hotels of the world. if they need an ambassador...
in santorini, greece. epic cliff town with the most fantastic sunsets. life does not suck:
@nessaaahudgenss  love that you're working so hard in preparation, v hudge.  i'm excited to see what you will bring to the table.
in athens, on vacation. hiked up to the acropolis. saw the parthenon. blown away. so much more authentic than the one in nashville...
experienced the mermaid parade today at coney island. lots of glittery, spandexy bodies that don't often wear such wears. i loved it!
getting a star on the hollywood walk of fame - awesome. having it be in the same year as the muppets - priceless.
the cbs gang got me perhaps the coolest gift ever - the actual immunity idol from survivor: china!  check it:
rode rides, saw shows, including the new world of color at dca.  brilliant! puts the bellagio fountain shows to shame. bravo, mr. lasseter!
so, as part of my b'day adventures (which is actually tomorrow, there's still time to shop), i got taken to disneyland! with a vip guide!!
things i want for my birthday, chapter 8: a rolla bolla, vip seats to the us open, this skill:
things i want for my birthday, chapter 7: a goose that lays gold eggs for easter, map to one-eyed willie's treasure, lifetime supply of tums
changed my mind.  instead of socks, i want a three bedroom loft in soho.
@callousnstrange   i start sending thank you cards?
errr... that was chapter 4.1.
@theblumtheblum   congrats, team!  first place, over the net high-five!
things i want for my birthday, chapter 4: a saltwater aquarium, rad clothes from all saints, wood burning brick pizza oven, and disneyland.
things i want for my birthday, chapter 3: a working, authentic fortune teller booth, and danielle staub's sex tape - but only on blu-ray.
things i want for my birthday, chapter 2: haunted mansion memorabilia, an actual muppet, the superpower to eliminate oil from water, a pony.
hey, found out my birthday is the day after real housewife of nj's danielle staub's sex tape is released. um, no need to get me any gifts...
wow, you are all testy.  a potential *new* mortal kkkkombat movie.  yeesh...
mortal combat, the movie? check it:
oops. it's @regis_and_kelly

my bad. sorry, kel.
had such a kigass time cohosting on @live_regis_kelly. ripa rules. i wish i could come back every day.
saw @stuffedandunstrung last night atthe union square theatre. henson r-rated improv puppet comedy. loved it so much! please, please go!
these hyper-physical b'way musicals   make me feel old and weak. saw fela last night (loved!), and almost sprained my back just watching it.
pulled off david's surprise 35th birthday party last night. masterfully, if i do say so myself. great, great good times. he was gobsmacked.
i haven't read the reviews, don't know the consensus. but i watched the @lost finale last night, and i loved it! bravo cast/crew/creators!
late night with the survivor all stars.  heading to the dirty east village club, thr box.  i'm in reality heaven.
about to be on hour four of the today show. kathy lee and hoda.  these chicks be crazy, yo!  send good vibes... 
holy f-ing ess, i'm trending!  coooool!  thanks for the kind glee words, gang. i just landed into nyc, so i missed it!  no spoilers!!  xo, n
@debskittles well then... happy birrrrrr... (inhale) ... rrrrrr... (inhale) ... rrrrrr... (inhale) ... rrrrrr... (inhale) ... rrrrrr...
mussssst sleeeep...  need to bed a sleep to find on.  sooo tiiire...      ...     ...         ...          ...        ...    ...    ..d..
tonight's smurf filming is the first in a string of all nighters. i beg your forgiveness, in advance, if my tweets are punchy and random.
.noitucexe ni naht yroeht ni gnisuma erom hcum si gniteewt sdrawkcab
@mikus16 happy 18th, young mike.
@pepevolt thanks, jose. i love me some land of enchantment!
duuudes! 24 hour sale! $40 tix to any accomplice show, any future date.  use discount code 'slipknot'. tix here:
thanks, aa employee kim (@dtw) for being great at your job. helpful to all, hero to me. fixed delta f-up #2 this am, with minutes to spare.
oh, nwa = northworst airlines, not the kick-ass rappers.
@jessbloom says who, jess?  i ashamed that you're following me. aaaaand, block.
almost done casting rent for the hollywood bowl. it's like alchemy - a bit of this type, a dash of that. i'm excited.
david burtka, my better half, has joined the twitter revolution! well, he has through his new catering company: @gourmetmd  give a follow!
this is what i see all day, acting alongside the smurfs:
the muppets recorded a podcast with the brilliant chris hardwick (@nerdist).
the show was very breezy, very mad men.  katie finneran killed.  i am a fan of rob ashford, too.  easy, throwback, musical comedy fun.
bloody bloody andrew jackson. rock musical at the public.  what a terrific, gifted ensemble.  everyone was strong. raucous good times.
just left an east village staple: decible sake bar. 9th x 2nd & 3rd. good times. off to the theatre.  walking is hilarious!
i dare say my favorite alcoholic beverage is cold sake. leaves me happy, buoyant, a little giggly. drinking it now. close second: tequila.
in the audience @ watch what happens live w/ @bravoandy and guests @jessetyler and @bethenny. hilarious. look:
@jessetyler perhaps you could bounce at the knees and sing it, like 'day-o'?  

you're welcome.
had so much fun going to accomplice: hollywood yesterday & taking friends that hadn't done it! /via @perezhilton  www.accomplicetheshow.com
i had so much fun going to accomplice: hollywood yesterday and taking friends that hadn't done it! /via @perezhilton  accomplicetheshow.com
the always amazing amy acker (wife to ber talent @thejimmycarp) has joined twitter! clever title: @amyacker  feel free to follow them both!
our appetizer was a roasted dove that mario batali shot himself earlier today. as a foodie, i was stoked.  as a magician, i was ashamed...
dinner at mario batali's babbo.  time and again, the best italian food in nyc. tonight, i at the best rib eye of my life. unfrigginreal...
just watched david burtka perform at birdland in nyc.  beautifully sung.  i didn't think my heart could get much fuller...
@emmarler wow.  classy.  feel free to not attend.
@perezhilton: well, i hope when you see it, you like her.  i look forward to reading your post-show wrap up.
@perezhilton: agreed. most mimis have been much older. but there's something tragic and vulnerable and raw about a very young addict...
@perezhilton: zoe is great, but mimi is 19.  i think casting someone age specific, especially at the hollywood bowl, will have added impact.
@perezhilton: don't be such a hater about vanessa in rent. she came in, smoking hot, knew the part, sang it great. why not be open it?
fans of dr. horrible, feast your eyes on:
nyc is sexy.  just finished dinner at a new restaurant the collective on little w.12th. neo junkyard chic! great food, hot vibe. love ny.
not for nothin' or nothin', but check out this random popularityometer: 
@joannehumes i'm not performing in it, i'm directing. for the hollywood bowl. aug. 6-8. have a few surprises up our sleeves. can't wait.
@blackbeltncrazy  i must respectfully disagree. tim is a consumate pro and he's treated everyone kindly.  who is your client?
if you're not watching life on discovery hd, for shame!  it's magnificent.  absolutely unbelievable.  for heaven's sake, tivo it.  xo, n
glee wrap up: super talented, ber nice group. they all work so hard, and deserve all their current kudos. morrison is the man. joss rules.
oops... errr... dwayne didn't find my last tweet as funny as i did: 
as if life couldn't get much more surreal these past weeks (oscars, glee), i'm about to board a private jet to vegas with jlo and the rock.
hank azaria will be playing gargamel for the smurfs film, not just providing a voice. he'll be live action. perfect casting, can't wait!
post-glee day 2 wrap up: filmed the musical number. sweaty fun. matt morrison is great. always on point. (not as in ballet. professionally.)
super kind responses. word up. thanks. oh, fyi: my first day of filming glee was yesterday. 14 hours. tired, but worth it. they all rock.
being asked to open the oscars - awesome.  rehearsing and performing - awesome.  reading some of the vitriolic reaction - not quite so much.
i told you i wasn't doing a duet...
@ewausiellofiles sorry, michael. but do i have your blessing?  i'll do my smurfiest to represent well...
i will not be performing a duet with martin short to open the oscars. misinformation, i'm afraid. should i maybe pull a kanye, mid-show?
@jessiedymack no trouble at all, actually.  those who aren't understanding have more to learn.
best answer yet! ----&gt; @jessamarie9 me as elphaba!
so i'm directing the hollywood bowl's staged concert version of rent.  random question #72: who would be ideal to cast and for what role?
bobsleds are cool.  they look so modern.  i wonder what's inside of them?  cup holders?  ipod docks?  mood lighting?  flat screen tvs?
agenda-free plug: as far as gymnasium organizations go, equinox is fantastic. they are classy, state-of-the-art, and everywhere. my 2 cents.
i friggin' love the olympics. i never thought i could care so much for people or sports that i just learned about six minutes beforehand.
oh, and happy valentine's day, everyone!  i hope you spent some time being open to love, being expressive in your feelings, and cuddling.
jennifer lopez was really great - hot, cool, and funny.  and well prepared! she gave me a few pointers. here's one:
follow friday pick: the dan band. one of the most hilarious, best concerts ever. google 'em. better yet, follow 'em: @thedanband  eff yeah.
the ever-hilarious craig ferguson has joined twitter. @craigyferg  please make him feel welcome, or i fear he'll start drinking again...
j lo's on himym, not glee.  at least not yet.  future ted mosby got to her first!  how bout that?  bang!
i get to work with jennifer lopez on friday.  j. lo.  i get to work with her.  yep.  i'm gonna get my work on with her.  nph and j, um, lo.
to all my twitter pals that came to the cube taping, that stayed all the way to the end: i thank you for sticking around, and for being rad.
stunning immersive theatre last night: shunt's money:
@derrenbrown could have the greatest apartment i have ever seen in all my days. holy amazing magic! i'm in awe. and he's very cool, to boot.
random question #681: what was your favorite game show growing up?  what's your favorite game show now?  me: match game and survivor
london is dreary and drizzly and perfect.  i'm here filming a pilot for a new show.  it tapes thursday.  send good vibes?  thanks.  cheerio!
apparently the kelly ripa that demands you to submit to be her friend is a fraud.  i'm glad, because the real ripa is dope and would never!
everyone follow jesse tyler ferguson (@jessetyler) and kelly ripa (@regis_and_kelly) so they will stop talking smack. btw, london is grand.
that being said, i have a new favorite word and obsession:

ipad

(drool...)
as much as i love me my iphone, it's unbelivadiculous how crazy often my calls get dropped. curse you, at&t and your exclusivity!!
if you live in l.a. or are visiting or have friends in town, read this:
@dustingibson thank you so much.  random that you bolted for the door when you finished and didn't allow us to say anything..!  but, thanks.
last night's haiti telethon was both exhilarating and humbling. so much passion and concern.
this week's awesome guest star:
i'm newly on the bod for the trevor project. it's a truly great organization. if they could win that $$$, it'd be phenomenal. please vote!!
dudes, i voted for @trevorproject to win $1 mm with #chasegiving on fb. please fan, vote, and rt!
sitting directly in front of this guy:
sitting at the our table is robin thicke, chase crawford and mayor villaraigosa. eclectic. just poured them champagne. let the party begin!
in the car heading to the golden globes. pouring rain. i wonder how it'll affect all that fancy hair. so glad i didn't choose an up-do...
reading all the stories/tweets about haiti.  so, so sad. the devastation just seems insurmountable. hope to hear some positive news soon...
@daniels_den absolutely not me.  51,000 fans?  lame.
final himym 100th post (probably not):  i found this making of vid, thought you might dig it. 
spread the word, peeps.  himym episode #100 airs tonight! let's get 30 katrillion majillion people to watch.  ok, maybe 29...
dr. horrible alert: commentary! the musical is now available on itunes. it's rad. made me laugh. fans should find it and buy. i sure did...
now i need a massage. best masseuse in the valley?  suggetions?
new year resolutions going strong! started doing pilates - part cirque du soliel, part s&m sex club. lotsa springs and pully contraptions.
@thadcastle dude, that link is hilarious. 
@revenfuego again, i was formally thanking those that were mentioned publicly for representing, and nothing more:
@heathermarie79 dude, i was thanking him in the context of supporting me in that afterelton poll.  i thanked everyone that rallied troops.
holy wow, gang! i won! thanks a million for voting. this totally makes up for the peoples choice awards that i was strangely not invited to!
holy wow, gang! i won! thanks a million for voting. this totally makes up for the peoples choice awards that i was strangely not invited to!
@neilpatrickbenn love, boss benn.
and npr.  damn it, the right answer is npr.  shoulda said that.  it's great.  you should pledge.  love npr.  it's on my homepage.  carry on.
nice.  for me: loved tiki towers. until i didn't. then rope 'n fly. now peggle!  productivity: ghost cam annnd... indiana jones sound board?
ok, funish question: what are your two favorite iphone apps? 1 game and 1 productive type.  or 2 games.  but the bestest!    

ready..?  go:
@thatkevinsmith didn't realize the upset my words caused.  looked back at what you said, and i concur.  ignorance on my part.  apologies.
yowza! just got home. who knew barrowman liked to play so rough? i need one final nph push! (that sounded naughty...)
if you're feeling it, throw a vote my way:  
happy 'aught ten', everybodies!  may your next year be full of adventure, good health, close friends, and a reasonable amount of sobriety.
merry christmas, gangstas! hope you get many gifts, drink booze a'plenty, and eat a meal to remember. i'm in brooklyn. rep. resent!  ho ho h
@mitchlschwartz i'm done with the whole 140 character joke. i looked back at my history of tweets, and was shocked. the overt repetition isn
food tweet #1973: having our big xmas dinner at mario batali's babbo, david's old stomping grounds. so full of joy: 
next to normal on broadway. fan-frigging-tastic!  see it at once.  original cast. wow. aaron tveit leaves soon. hurry. it's a life changer.
tree trimmed. balls hung. good times. 

lookie:
holiday airline madness! flight to ny cancelled, mad dash to find seats in full planes. feel like i'm on the amazing race. in the bad way.
sushi post script: kiwami sushi rocked my brain hole. thanks for all the suggestions.  i'm lucky to live near such amazing fresh fish.
best sushi in studio city area?  suggestions, please.
even cooler: washington, d.c. approves marriage equality in an 11-2 vote.  heading to congress.  it's a good day. 
thanks, gang, for the globe love.  i'm most excited to be in the same category as michael emerson!  his work on lost is spectacumazing.
favorite website for cool things to buy: @uncrate i check it daily. gear, gadgets, tools, clothes. they cull and link to other sites. dope.
my first holiday party of the season  fun, great good people. here's the hostess: 
christina hendrick's holiday party. david's providing food. has a catering company now. delish!  here's the spread:
@everythingloria thanks, glo!  we miss you at the himym!  it's episode 101, called 'jenkins'. amanda peet guest stars. she's rad.
holy didn't really appreciate my last tweet.  meant no historical disrespect. twas a joke about my pointing pics only. sorry. i'm tired.
two secret service agents tackled me as i went up to robert kennedy jr., pulled my hand out of my pocket and pointed at his gut. so no pic.
sitting in hotel.  doorbell!  in walks bobby kennedy.  yeah, i just chilled with bobby kennedy.  that's how i roll.  pointing pic to come!
come experience accomplice: hollywood, a show i'm co-producing in l.a. watch: www.nikkidesmond.com for backstory. kinda treasure-hunty.
there r fewer things better than great meals with my newly chef'd bf. tonight: momofuku sam then milk bar, nyc. why do i always tweet food?
wi-fi during your flight is the greatest advancement in aviation since, well, the airplane.
@jillmgut katsu-ya, studio city. hands down. spicy tuuuna on crispy rice. unng!  lust.
back home. mexican food is great, but aaahh...  suuuuuuushi..!
watching late night web soup marathon on g4. chris hardwick, heck, the whole show, is high-spanking-larious. a must tivo! (he's @nerdist)
happy slapsgiving, everyone!  make sure to spend a few minutes being thankful, and letting those that you love know about it.  xoxo, neil
i do like actualnph. but should i have just gone simple? maybe i can convince @neil to let me take that one. better? ooh, no, i've got it: @
maybe i chose the wrong twitter name. when i read everyone's posts,  it seems like you're correcting me.
happy day before thanksgiving, peeps! i'm in nm, visiting the family. gettin ready for the big meal tomorrow. gonna eat me some albu-turkey!
@sciencemandan  nice. we already approached tyra banks, but her schedule is crazy this year...
@renthead4409 i try to keep a prop from every gig i've done. yes, i have the goggles.  i wear them when i tan.
@impalajones so tough to pick just one. slap bet?  naked man?  the pineapple incident?  oooh, wait!  of course!  my all time favorite is th
just saw penn & teller at the rio. always have new material. awesome. pic of them giving me some magic pointers: 
@tutakalaka i don't know that i agree w/ you. i actually directed that parody commercial and it seems overt in it's comedy. made me laugh.
offstage, about to go on: 
make-up chair with mama ripa:  
about to tape regis&kelly at encore in vegas. sweet lamb, this hotel is classy!  and k.ripa = good luck at the blackjack table! pics 2 come.
@jbmcguinness hi, james.
at the cnn hero awards, which airs on thanksgiving. a must see. i have never been more humbled or moved. amazing.  
make that @stacykeibler, guys. she just reprimanded me. for spelling her name wrong, not for my pointing at her teets.
@wolven.  damn skippy!
feeling much better. wait... ah, ah... aahh
cough! cough! people's choicecough! awardcough!  sorry, must be allergies...
oops. tweets.  w.   t-w-e-e-t-s.  my bad. teets are different.  they are always used for comedy...  apologies.
listen gang, not all of these teets will be for comedy.  sometimes i have actual things to say. charity is important. i've always said, "nev
at good news for kids gala, honoring my great friend becky baeling. she is amazing, as is the phoenix house organization. well played, beck!
filming dance numbers is taxing!!  when watching at home, you forget there were 1,420 thousand takes.  i just slipped and nearly broke my co
@sigafoos  - best idea ever.  do it.  go on.  do it.  everyone's doin' it.  it's the cool thing to do.
so many super cool responses.  a thousand thanks everyone.  this is fun.  no more 140 character hulabaloo, though. even i am beginning to ti
alright, alright.  i'm done with the '140 character' running gag.  sorry, it makes me laugh.  but as my wise father ron always says, "know w
ok.  so.  now that i've figured out this 140 character stuff, get this - tim gunn bursts out of his room, walks right up to me and says, "ne
on set. best guest star ever!  the entire cast/crew was super stoked. no one more than me:
@alwaysmix : ah, perfect.  thanks.  i totally get it now.
'morning.  reading backlog of responses and sipping coffee.  how many times should one tweet per day?  btw this character limit hokum is pis
holy pete, so many responses!  thanks, gang!  i'm still trying to figure out which button does what..!  and this 140 character limit is craz
my first tweet, peeps.  i apologize in advance for my slow learning curve.  nice to (sort of) meet you.  it's amazing how quickly 140 charac
my first tweet, peeps.  i apologize in advance for my slow learning curve.  nice to (sort of) meet you.  it's amazing how quickly 140 charac
my first tweet, peeps.  i apologize in advance for my slow learning curve.  nice to (sort of) meet you.  it's amazing how quickly 140 charac
my first tweet, peeps.  i apologize in advance for my slow learning curve.  nice to (sort of) meet you.  it's amazing how quickly 140 charac
my first tweet, peeps.  i apologize in advance for my slow learning curve.  nice to (sort of) meet you.  it's amazing how quickly 140 charac
my first tweet, peeps.  i apologize in advance for my slow learning curve.  nice to (sort of) meet you.  it's amazing how quickly 140 charac
e-cigarettes would be a million times cooler if they were a thing back to the future accurately predicted.
fun icebreaker topics for talking to strangers at a holiday party: annual income, family history of mental illness, israel
you deserve a break from thinking so check out the 21 best gifs of all time of the week:
thank you @newcastle, @dosequis and @josecuervo for sending us wheel barrows of beverages for our holiday party!
some minions stopped by the office today and it was the best. check out
#ff @best_coast and @wiltern one of them is the historic la landmark where tupac was born. you figure it out.
19 gifs of animals knocking out kids because we all need this right now
this hot new ad for our game is the most sensual thing you'll ever experience:
want to win a trip to la to visit our office and be in a video? buy our game and here's how you can make it happen:
smoke weed every christmas shirts available now in our @bustedtees store! 
"quit your job, leave your family and do nothing but watch the wire." -white people when they hear you've never seen the wire
our basement is sexy as fuck for the holidays.
someone who rts wins a ron burgundy scotchy scotch toss glass! get the game for iphone/ipad:
damn, that's a pretty good donut.
why is wikipedia always asking for money? do they have a coke problem?
eight nights of alcohol and free stuff you'll never use. hanukkah is basically jewish sxsw.
7 amazon prime air drone competitors
we've got a new video w/ @best_coast coming out tomorrow! strictly for people who like balls.
in the dramatic season finale of lady time, the gals head to the salad convention but run into some limo trouble:
want to stay on top of the latest food trend? then you need to see these 8 foods that go great with blue paint:
knowshon moreno crying goes predictably perfect with "cry me a river" by justin timberlake:
oh shit. amazon prime air might be leading us into a world we're not entirely prepared for...
amazon prime air + dominos pizza tracker = nobel peace prize
23 gifs of bill murray being straight-up delightful
all of our priceless @bustedtees shirts are $12 w/ code "cybermon" in honor of cyber monday! go get 'em:
if a person tells you their name is haiku, is it socially acceptable to respond, "are you serious?"
watching @peteholmes interview @conanobrien is like a bizarro late night tv world that's still funny:
watching dads fight used to be the only way for kids to have fun. lucky for dads, we've got a new party game:
hanukkah dinner after thanksgiving feels about as exciting as jury duty after coachella.
thanks to everyone who went out to buy our game today! here's where you can get it if you're more of an indoor kid:
thankful for that time bill pullman was president and he flew an f-16 to blow up some aliens.
thanksgiving eve at your hometown bar is a black friday sale for banging someone who went to your high school.
thanksgiving is finally sexy again with these steamy thanksgiving sex tapes. warning! not safe for turkeys:
comedian @pats24hrs is doing 24 straight hours of standup this friday for a great cause. get involved:
oh! sweet stuffin' by the velvet hungerground #thanksgivingsongs @midnight
tough day at the office.
8 activities that'll make this the best thanksgiving you've ever had
we made an animated short about turkeys killing humans on thanksgiving and we hope you have fun watching it:
google glass is the most advanced technology in stuff you can put on your face to not get laid.
blank check is a science fiction movie set in an alternate reality where one million dollars can buy you a castle full of dope shit.
ron burgundy's scotchy scotch toss game has arrived! 300 new ron burgundy quotes! enjoy:
if you like girls wearing lobster costumes in a hot tub, you're really going to enjoy this week's lady time:
in case you missed it, @sethrogen and @jamesfrancotv's shot-for-shot remake of kanye's "bound 2" video is the best:
black friday orphans: the musical is a new holiday classic about scrappy orphans whose parents died on black friday:
the best of @billcosby's twitter takeover:
thanksgiving: a historical faq is here to answer all your questions about the upcoming holiday
thanksgiving and hanukkah are on the same day!  can @nickkroll do both? find out in his zany new holiday movie:
links! @theonion reviews "the hunger games: catching fire," 39 cats that look like @rickygervais and more
we helped @sarahksilverman make her new comedy special and we'd love it if you tuned in. tonight. 10pm. @hbo.
so your phone's text alert is a duck quack. very good choice. totally normal and not annoying noise to be coming out of your pants 100x a day.
#ff @itsaliveanimate and @jackjohnson one of them animated our @billcosby thanksgiving special and the other one is jack johnson.
it's friday! time to stop reading emails and start enjoying the 21 best gifs of all time of the week:
thanks again to @billcosby for such a phenomenal takeover! please follow him and tweet questions @ him, he'd love to answer a few more.
yes. ladies and gentlemen and children of all ages, this is what i do. signed, mrs. annie pearl hite cosby's oldest child, william
...from that point on, until i raise my hand to say, "goodnight, but not goodbye," we will have had a wonderful, healthy, laughing...
you are sitting in the audience. from the curtain, you see me walk towards the station. you applaud...
@theawesomeator ...like a miner in the hills. digging. deeper. to make a story (i do not create, i invent).
@theawesomeator it starts with a funny thought. a funny feeling...
...however, the company had to stop because of financial diminishing returns. :''(
i think that the pudding pops were my all time favorite commercials because they never filled me up. and i loved to taste them...
central high school! philadelphia, pennsylvania! class of 204! one of the reasons i am who i am.
@paulthemurph a very very wonderful get on.
@flyinglizards ... advice. predictions. how true. this is very difficult because one has to call up the melancholy.
@flyinglizards let's put it this way: one day i thought and found that words addressed in sentences to me...
@alex_sooch if i could watch the otter for three hours a day, it would be better than any relaxing music etc.
@alex_sooch mongoose!
...but dear, it's all they had other than oatmeal jambalaya.
confession to mrs. cosby: i'm sorry, dear, but i ate boneless fried chicken and spicy collard greens this afternoon from dooky chase...
@tweetsfortroops ...it shows the reason for the connection. the subjects to study to acquire the bait. you catch things with bait.
@tweetsfortroops ...we let them smell it, feel it and know that they can have it. the bait...
@tweetsfortroops bait. things that the young people want when they hear about it. we show them...
@jeremiah256 this is what i was writing to @joerin_12. these things make me smile. and i'm coming back to hawaii soon, keep an eye out!
@marygrace_cole tom werner and marcy carsey. great partners.
@rowleytowels strong for our city rivals. unpredictable outside.
i need someone to help me find him. temple university, philadelphia pennsylvania. remedial english class. 1960. back to the questions!
help! i'm looking for a man who was my professor in 1960 of september. remedial english class, temple university.
@willcarb1 ...then i entered the digital age, which exploded. like the wrong thing in a microwave.
@willcarb1 first, there was the pencil. that went on until 1967 and i entered the age of the typewriter...
@joey__t just about everything i did after i spy has cosby or cos in the title. that's my brand. it stands for enjoyable entertainment...
@jessconsultancy remember you are a parent. look it up in the dictionary.
@joerin_12 ...they tell me about my life's work. some of them, 80 years old or more. some, 11, 15, 28, 40. they all have bill cosby stories.
@hollymarie23 golly, that's a long answer. oh my goodness. i will say when i sold out the academy of music in my hometown, philadelphia.
hello! this is bill cosby and i am absolutely forsureidly here.
mr. @billcosby has taken over! tweet questions for him now and read his live answers here:
the track list for r. kelly's new thanksgiving album is out of control:
tech corner w/ @breagrant does a head-to-head comparison of xbox one and $500 worth of rice:
this special melissa bachman edition of zoobooks was not the best idea:
in case you missed it, here's ron burgundy singing rob ford's new campaign song on @teamcoco last night:
hey, guys! @billcosby is taking over this acct tomorrow at 1pm pst! get your questions ready:
the thanksgiving channel is the only station teaching you how to cook thanksgiving dinner live 24/7 365 days a year:
a polite email from george zimmerman's lawyer:
we've got exclusive new footage from anchorman 2 that will rock the shit out of your world:
comedy legend @billcosby is taking over our twitter this friday at 1pm pst to talk to you!
save the last dunk w/ @baron_davis tells the story of a passionate coach and a girl who is terrible at basketball:
get the free new farewell issue of the occasional for ipad and iphone! goodnight, sweet prince.
the face on every american apparel model says, "so, i'm getting paid for this, right?"
can you buy quaaludes on etsy?
the best of @nerdist's twitter takeover
the 16 best gifs of people throwing punches
this new lady time is called "preggers can't be choosers" and it's exactly as glowing and full of life as it sounds:
"hands on ron burgundy" has begun! keep your mouse on ron and you could win a 2014 @dodge durango! start clicking:
sometimes you need to eat a burrito like it has the cure inside it.
the always dapper @andersoncooper sporting a limited edition @wolfblitzer dashiki
a man pushed to the edge is forced to break up with the woman who doesn't pay him any attention:
season 5 walter white + snake in escape from ny = the governor on last night's walking dead
what if @upworthy wrote movie titles? you'll want to see what 21 of their posters would look like:
the bachelor finally premieres its first gay season w/ gay bachelor bryden (@jessetyler) and host @georgetakei:
congrats to will ferrell and ron burgundy for making the cover of @gqmagazine's men of the year edition!
thanks to our friends @dfarecords for sending us this awesome care package of music! we love you.
do you like spaghetti? do you like trumpets? are you kinda high? then you're gonna love this video:
the fod crew with @pharrell today at his studio
rob ford yolo shirts available now in our @bustedtees store!
renata ford, rob ford's wife, breaks her silence to address the many scandals surrounding her husband:
in a world with so much bullshit, #sfbatkid isn't the feel good story we deserve but he's the one we need. just the best.
#ff @paulscheer semi-professional astronaut/ballon animal artist
weird @alyankovic takes you on a magical animated journey w/ @therealoderus and the rest of the gwar gang:
twitter after midnight. rt @smickable: what's the most socially acceptable form of self-harm?
uncharted: drake's excel sheet #boringvideogames @midnight
it takes a lot of people working very hard to make the entire la freeway system smell like weed during rush hour.
the guys in @dawestheband get a "fixer" to help them find new musical inspiration:
finally! @djsteveporter mashes up footage of rob ford talking about crack with jay-z's "tom ford" and it is glorious:
a family-wide email from richie incognito's mom w/ some topics to avoid this thanksgiving:
deaf punk #oldermusicians @midnight
hashtag warrior @thomaslennon recalls his legendary performance on @midnight and discusses why he's so awesome:
the only shocking thing rob ford could admit to now is that at some point in time he did his job as mayor.
17 gifs that suggest this isn't exactly how bowling works:
"shake it like a white lady" is the new song from @nickcannon that's guaranteed to get your arrhythmic booty moving:
a cult friend finder #ruinawebsite @midnight
watch @davidkoechner serve up some jokes on a new @midnight tonight at midnight on @comedycentral
dame judi dench enlists the help of steve coogan to win a pg-13 rating from the mpaa for their new movie:
oh and please watch @midnight on @comedycentral mon-thurs after @colbertreport! it am fun.
gang, thank you for allowing me to invade your @funnyordie feed! i'm over @nerdist. no i never had sex with @jennymccarthy. #geekcrestout
@nickkeele the process of making things i care about! #awwwwwwww
@nat_hale what's not to like about a wee pancake sandwich?
@timomajere @nerdist someday i shall!
@raaaahman @nerdist not complaining but i wasn't able to do doctor who this year. ferguson did a bang up job though! #eyb
@panthersblueman i have this weird sensation....
@louisem297 @nerdist yes and those are usually the jokes no one else laughs at.
@timomajere @nerdist wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
@worldendswithu technically yes but they can never identify me through the jigsaw killer mask.
@tkantel @nerdist yup.
@brettinson @nerdist hm. anywhere from 9 to a million dicks probably. i mean with that kind of dick load, they're always in use i'd say.
@bennyesanu well i like a good hammer but i gotta go with the staff. loki.
@jtmacready @nerdist i thought you looked familiar!
@jjmahoney3 @nerdist my fat drunk brother peter hardwick. he is dead to me.
@devaun38 @nerdist well i didn't so much get involved as invent it. i was tired of working on shit i didn't care about and wanted my own thing
@sarahhmariie @nerdist we shall erect many jokes in your honor.
@dylnerwn @nerdist i guess he's also entitled to being attacked by big daddies.
@andrewhowell18 @nerdist ah yes. only a true nerd would present his opinion as a universal truth. well done!
@j_kalva zach said he'll post it if you send in no less than 32 pictures of dog butts.
@johnniemonsta @nerdist death by canada
@badwolfebay @nerdist ohhhhh boy! (quantum leap reference)
@seanbesaw @nerdist in the next couple weeks. it's recorded! and it's because i basted it in its own juices.
@dylanma28417295 awwww you're right. i'm sorry i re-trolled you. i take it back. fwends?
@ryanvolk02 @nerdist yeshiasdfoaidf;a'';;a ;asdf'a
@braximum fanx!
@devaun38 i did. i was obsessed with it.
@briannemillerrr @nerdist @i_am_rob_o @midnight you may need to seek medical attention in that case...
@badastroknot heisenberg. even if there wasn't an apocalypse!
@rickhoutx @nerdist mrs. howell's chimney. heyooooooooooo
@misplacedthings @nerdist nah. don't miss it. it made me fat, broke and sad. who wants that?
@jrnogueras so fast.
@sarahhmariie would love to! hopefully early 2014.
@susanf89 @nerdist bill. fucking. murray.
@natasharesent oh shit really??? that was fun!
@dillon_abrams @nerdist that's not the abnormal part of that equation.
@cutandrun i would swap the kardashians for the dodo. in a heartbeat.
@sammarxcomedy @nerdist ugh. fine. we're the fucking droids. ok? now what??? lightsaber to your imperial face is what.
@jertown the story arcs are great but there are too many monologues. sometimes, less is more.
@ambrzpl8 @nerdist i'm like, google-able!
@badatrain i do not! but i enjoy them.
@properlypond allonsy!!!!
@seanbesaw @nerdist only if you hate your job
@jordanplosky @nerdist locke and key
@phillyphan9208 mwah. mwah hah. mwaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh....i'm sorry what was the question?
keep up the great questions and read all the live answers here:
@smhwritesthings honestly better than anything i've ever done! it's weird! (but i do prefer it this way)
@danielgonza6 yes! and you will acquire telepathic powers.
@vittorants @nerdist was lost continent the one with the lemur? that one! "thanks for annihilating everything i know!!!"
@randa525 @nerdist truly @midnight is pretty damn fun.
@badatrain any night but spaghetti tuesdays.
@tyepri it's not smiling right now. :i
@iservice @thedougiewho celebrate my bday and watch tennant and smith cavort around the universe.
@joemommasdaddy1 grape! i'm not a heathen!
@baitwalker @nerdist got em!
@angpin513 @nerdist oh i'm afraid shipmates is at the bottom of the sea waiting to be explored by james cameron in a submersible.
@joemommasdaddy1 i've suggested to differ but never beg.
@seanbesaw @nerdist they sent it to me last week and i wasn't able to play it because of work schedule. i suck.
@fonasty @nerdist @laina622 it hasn't been posted yet but she was awesome!
@panthersblueman i think rhys is hilarious. he just started this show for our youtube channel:
@panthersblueman i think rhys is hilarious! he started doing this show for our youtube channel:
@treezy we're trying to pick up some of the slack they left at nerdist. i miss g4. it was a terrific place to work w/ terrific people.
@sqlubenfarber don't tempt me...
@matt_kinson saw michael jackson rehearse at the vmas in the 90s, moderating comic-con panels since.
@oglethorpe4ever track your time per task, manipulate it to your will. set goals, learn, don't be afraid to fail, enjoy the process!
@casslandrabee @1iota handles the audience stuff! they're nice.
@braximum chicken fried chicken, mac and cheese, green beans a biscuit and cornbread
@abfablee he acted exactly the same off camera.
@pbatour yes. we have new team colors and everything. that's how that works, right? best jersey colors win??
@slamb007 i did not have an a1 day afterward. #ripbb
@destruct0x i'd call it "mad mentions" but no one has asked yet.
@abfablee it's always midnight to him.
@dianadee16 big bang folks didn't want to bowl, almost had the sunny folks but scheduling didn't work out and would jeremy clarkson bowl???
@scottotd yeah it's not going to help. :(
@misswiggs marie curie, noam chomsky, vicki the robot
welcome to my digital bubble of narcissism! i am chris hardwick (@nerdist) and i look forward to talking about myself via your questions!
chris hardwick (@nerdist) has taken over! tweet him questions now, read live answers here:
today on a new lady time, kathy presents the girls with an exciting business venture and some sexy fbi agents stop by:
the words on miley cyrus' butt at the emas finally say what we've all been thinking:
taken 2: electric boogaloo #suckyactionmovies @midnight
"hey, pass me a beer 2" is, without a doubt, the most epic beer passing trick shot video sequel of all time:
chris hardwick (@nerdist/@midnight) is taking over our twitter tomorrow at 1:30pm pst!
the announcers at the cahoga county veterans day parade deliver some shocking stats about supporting our veterans:
want to fly to la to join will ferrell and the entire anchorman cast for a live reading? ron burgundy has the scoop:
most of being a good dj is just not listening to bad music and knowing how to look dope when you turn a knob.
texting someone a picture of your penis is somewhere between cyberbullying and terrorism on the scale of just don't do it.
twitter is great for seeing who of your friends is awake but hasn't texted you yet. (via @whitneycummings)
how is there not a handheld steamer named selfie-steam? sometimes nothing about this world makes any sense.
very rare photo of @xdannyxbrownx driving a prius
#ff @robdelaney he's got a fantastic new book and a delightful old soul. if that's not enough for you, go screw a mountain lion.
6 'free birds' posters translated for your convenience
it's friday! feast your eyeballs upon the 21 best gifs of all time of the week:
'seamon: cologne for mermen' has some really interesting advertising:
christian baileys irish cream #celebritybooze @midnight
congrats to twitter on the successful ipo! we hope you do something innovative and unexpected with the money like give it to us.
in the battle of cat vs. windshield wipers, there can be only one victor:
nostalgia connoisseur @danabramson fondly recalls 16 memories of blockbuster that he'll never forget:
everyone on twitter w/ more than 5 followers is crawling out of the woodwork this morning like a distant relative at a rich dude's funeral.
if you're going to send a dick pic, you might as well put some thought into it. @sydwilder shows you how:
of all the things a tribe called quest got right, they really nailed what a pain in the ass it is to go to el segundo.
netflix announces, "we told you so."
the new @brooklynnets (@deronwilliams @paulpierce34 @shaunlivingston and @tyshawntaylor) are bringing tiny shorts back:
grandmaster splash #crappyrappers @midnight
the referees have been more recognizable than most of the lakers on the court in the 4th quarter of games this year.
14 important life lessons you can learn from al bundy
it's weird that being mayor is the only job you're allowed to keep when you get caught on video smoking crack.
nothing says tuesday like a comedy sketch about a dry vagina. brand new lady time w/ special guest @davekrumholtz:
middle americano #badcoffeeflavors @midnight
blackberrys last employee (@davesfoley) introduces his companys latest (and final) device:
behold! the new anchorman 2 poster is here and it's the greatest thing you'll see all day:
it's sunday so that means links! 20 years of conan, 12 rejected pilots we demand to see and more
you're probably going through some real shit if you're buying bed sheets at a gas station.
bumped into this mother fucker last night.
tried putting arcade fire lyrics over pics of kanye and the result is he seems super chill and reasonable:
shooting a new @mtv show today called "human code" w/ @taraholt and  @cassiescerbo
happy friday! sit back and enjoy the 21 best gifs of all time of the week
ron burgundy isn't just a world-class news anchor and master flautist. he's also a published author:
crabba-zaba #rejectedcandy @midnight
a lot of people at bars tonight should've just gone as their dignity and stayed at home.
some lucky folks having a blast playing our game on the @hasbrogamenight party bus in nyc
thanks @hufworldwide @crapeyewear @greenbardrinks @baxterfinley @disney for sending fod staff halloween goodie bags!
our san mateo office representing with some exceptional holiday garb.
some really spectacular halloween costumes from our la office! how many can you name?
this slutty edward snowden costume seems to be reading more as sex offender it guy to people at the office.
happy halloween! forget trick or treaters, go buy a mountain of sugar and have a fantasy candy draft:
congrats to every adult male in boston who will spend a year acting like they personally won the world series!
want to learn all about horrible people taking selfies at funerals? tune in to a new @midnight tonight at midnight on @comedycentral.
psa: just because it's october does not mean you are required to put pumpkin in everything.
chris brown headline generator predicts the next time he winds up in the news for punching someone:
21 halloween costumes that will honestly be tough to beat this year
russian gas station attendant caught breakdancing on top of a car in the greatest dashcam footage ever:
irony man #lamecomicbookcharacters @midnight
watch @pattonoswalt on a new @midnight tonight at midnight on @comedycentral!
8 life-changing chipotle hacks that will forever change the way you order a burrito:
happy national cat day! celebrate by acting like you don't care then chase a laser pointer and take a shit in some sand.
this gif of "chris brown's punch-out!!" for nes is everything:
.@marilynmanson shares scary halloween stories w/ teens around a campfire in "are these tales spooky to you?"
go green w/ @dougbenson on a new episode of @midnight tonight at midnight on @comedycentral!
at a bar across the street from a slayer show. a 50 y/o guy in a denim vest is screaming that hollywood used to be fun. clearly it still is.
hasbro is taking the @funnyordie game around nyc on a party bus! follow @hasbrogamenight to catch a ride.
chris brown's latest arrest could lead to jail time. it could also lead to dr. dolittle powers or being a better human. all equally likely.
the top 12 sexiest halloween costumes
find out why ordering at starbucks is so darn hard for moms on the halloween edition of parent news w/ @fred_willard:
can you discern between @jeff_daniels' butt and @kimkardashian's? find out in the free fuck issue of @occasionalmag:
some links that might make your day better: 13 potatoes that look like channing tatum, breaking bad on ice and more
bravo has put more awful people on tv than america's most wanted.
"all i want for my birthday is a big booty solution for world hunger." -bizarro @2chainz
"team miley" shirts now available for $12 in our @bustedtees store! wear locally, twerk globally:
tgif, you guys! it's time for the 21 best gifs of all time of the week:
billy on the street's @billyeichner takes @therealdratch to the scariest haunted house in new york:
every taco bell drive-thru should be a dui checkpoint after 2 am and we could get this country out of debt in no time.
honey butt cheerios #badcereals @midnight
19 irresistible gifs of cats in boxes
our new party game is not xbox compatible. yes, we broke an xbox to take this picture.
not sure that hbo ads on a bus are hitting their target audience.
the top 19 halloween costumes for 2013:
game of scones #fattvshows @midnight
enjoy this clip about butthole tattoos and tune in to a brand new @midnight tonight at midnight on @comedycentral:
this new anchorman 2 trailer is better than a punch to the ovary.
who thinks @mlb should just let marcia gay harden (@beloving2) announce the world series wrestlemania-style?
12 shadows that look like penises:
book of more men #sluttymusicals @midnight
watch @kurtbraunohler, @tvsandydaly, and @brendonwalsh on a brand new episode of @midnight tonight at midnight on @comedycentral!
glad someone finally has the courage to say it. rt @nickwiger: mary steenburgen had no business being on the back to the future 3 poster
goo-lish visitors get @carmenelectra hot and bothered about her seedy past in this nsfw video:
cool cat scopes out the ladies from his litter box:
rosemary's baby #filmpoops @midnight
our new show @midnight premieres tonight at midnight on @comedycentral after the colbert report! catch the action!
one of coach @jimoheir's rookie kids has a run-in w/ the law in the finale of everyone's favorite hard knocks parody:
tinder, but for chill dogs in your area looking to play catch and hang out.
11 celebrities riding invisible bicycles:
outtakes from @thomaslennon's interview w/ @nerdist. @midnight premieres tonight (at midnight, duh) on @comedycentral
"the walking dead" should be called "wait, who the fuck was that?"
has anyone ever seen peyton manning and dave matthews in the same place at the same time?
links! what if nfl logos were fat, crazy drinking games from around the world and more!
always fun to check twitter sunday morning and scroll through the public nervous breakdowns of saturday night.
theater management politely requests no texting during 12 years a slave:
an open letter to america from washington redskins owner dan snyder:
will ferrell with @dodgers pitcher brian wilson at wednesday's game.
21 best gifs of all time of the week:
the ceo of the flesh-eating drug krokodil gives you some straight talk about his product:
space jam for president
this is just a good video of a bear playing tetherball:
get ready to have your mind blown by our new party game.
the biodiesel school bus #hipstercartoons @midnight
@seakolper a confederacy of dunces
@fun6001 steve coogan
@realmattkurtz you play the yazz flute.
@alltimealiciaa dana carvey and mike myers. those two were so prolific it's insane.
@fun6001 it's just one plaid shirt, i just have controls to switch the colors around. it's not out on the market yet.
@harktheumpire right now i'm on ps3, but i have xbox and like xbox. i'm playing in portland and that's just what i have there.
@theshaunnavarro not as much. this time, the sketches are a little more solitary.
@notnotryan i love seattle and have spent a lot of time there. really good times. we do that to establish some contrast, but it's not real.
@allylovesnyc sushi.
@allylovesnyc late on friday night. we would be rehearsing sketches and that's when everyone was in a giddy mood.
@digmuzak definitely.
fred armisen is leaving in 10 minutes, last chance to ask him a question! read all his answers here:
@bob_haver it's a friend of mine named woody. he has a studio in los angeles.
@gayzal bob mould at doug fir in portland
@billy_digital travel to other cities and see what their gallery scene is like. keep working on your art. treat it with reverence.
@joseramonmarmtz i loved doing steve jobs.
@effdot they did, and we have them on standby.
@melophobia howard stern and david letterman were real high points of getting to meet people. howard stern was so cool and so sweet.
@brittanyslomba enjoy each other's company. get to know the other writers and listen to them and enjoy them and become friends.
@hodgson29 the drums.
@real_iancaputo rice milk.
@harktheumpire also: stereolab, style council, paul mccartney, sex pistols, sleater-kinney and kraftwerk
@harktheumpire the clash.
@joseramonmarmtz modest mouse. i also loved arcade fire, foo fighters paul mccartney and prince.
@wakeupblake that's very nice of you, i don't drink.
fred armisen is still around for another 30 minutes! keep tweeting questions @funnyordie and read live answers here:
@corbincharles28 who are the other 5? are they also me? favorite hobbies? grand theft auto 5.
@maxmeier6 that's very nice of you. thank you. keep writing, keep going, everything turns out great.
@captnmarvelfan consider yourself part of the family, cousin marvel fan!
@realtronalddumb i've never really tried it.
@missmariamac i really do love pittsburgh. it has a strong art community, strong art history and it's 3 rivers make it a powerful place.
@kgrock3 and why isn't this an answer?
@dudgee i never weighed them, but i'm going to guess...20 pounds.
@dazedreverie i had some serious laughs with bill hader, especially our last year.
@katethe0nly male characters because the clothes are more comfortable. female clothes are so complicated.
@vivsavage i don't like to take sides, so i'm saying "yes" to both. and also thank you.
@bogmon yes, we do have a portland comedian who writes for the show. her name is carrie brownstein.
@adammathow candace.
@nated80 stockholm?
@efsmith leonardo. he seems the most friendly. definitely, he was an inventor as well.
keep tweeting questions for fred armisen @funnyordie and read his live answers here:
@feelsempty i'm an expert. a pit is man made.
@louzherr i don't know, that's a good question. it seems like different worlds.
@adammathow gavin, the home recording studio aficionado.
@jockybat i really do like phish. they did a cover of "remain in light" the entire talking heads album. brilliant musicians. 100 glasses.
@adamcarlyle i haven't heard that, but now that you say it i can see it as true.
@joe_m_cordova griffin dunne and rick moranis.
@fleurluxe every day is halloween for me.
@brigerrity to get to spend with my friend carrie brownstein and to get to spend some time in portland, a city that i really love.
@seattleguy23 the sketch was about introducing band members. not exaggerating, it was my funniest memory.
@seattleguy23 i wrote a sketch with maya rudolph in my office. the sketch never made it to air, but we laughed so hard. and that was that.
@vantol777 ...or is it?
@vantol777 all chicken is organic.
@trixie_s thank you, no we purposefully improvised the whole thing so that it seemed more chaotic.
@milkamilka it's cloudy and you get to wear your favorite jacket. and there's lots of coffee.
@jakebenson90 absolutely. in fact, the stress is fun. i enjoy the stress.
hi everybody! ...thanks for all the support for the funny or die video with @theclash.
fred armisen is taking over this acct in 1 hour! start tweeting questions for him now!
18 easy last-minute halloween costume ideas:
top 10 christian grey replacements for the 50 shades of grey movie:
"if at first you don't succeed, take a nap" shirts available now from our online store:
times are tough, so we built a drug lab in our kitchen.
fred armisen is taking over this acct tomorrow at 11am pst! get your questions ready, he will rock you.
ian rubbish (fred armisen) interviews @theclashs mick jones and paul simonon about the punk revolution:
mr. @davidspade is the most uninteresting dude in the world:
brilliant child wishes for the best thing anybody has ever thought of:
just saw @brianwilson38 play frisbee w/ himself at @dodgers stadium. didn't even know that was possible.
mr. @davidspade releases previously unseen outtakes from his inappropriate pilot series:
20 things you probably didnt know about manatees:
living in los santos without health insurance is a dangerous game to play:
people talk a lot about the horrible things christopher columbus did, but he also directed home alone so maybe cut the guy some slack.
christopher columbus' first conversation upon landing in america:
please do not fart inside of the club/airplane/movie theatre.
maximize your sunday pleasure w/ @dannydevito dildos and much more in the free new fuck issue of @occasionalmag:
links! the 13 kinds of 'always sunny' episodes, kanye confirms he's working on new solo child and more!
we hope you enjoyed #breastcancerawarenessweek on fod. please donate to @bebrightpink
mr. @daveabrent might do the best @schwarzenegger impression of all time:
taco cat was an inside job.
"planet earth with boobs" is a big improvement on the hit bbc nature series:
"planet earth with boobs" is a big improvement on the hit bbc nature series:
coachella should do a week 3 that's just for dogs.
still been watchin' real housewives on the low.
whoever thought to put a severed head in the milk drawer definitely has the halloween spirit.
this sketch is called "two huge boobs" and we guarantee you've never seen a bigger pair:
the very photogenic @sydwilder teaches you how to take a slutty selfie:
mind blowing breakdown of the vfx that brought alfonso cuarn's "gravity" to the big screen:
16 gifs of the most hilarious kiss cam goofs ever:
9 alternate 'gravity' movie posters:
billy on the street's @billyeichner plays a game of "obamacare or shut up" with @oliviawilde:
watching "russia's toughest prisons" on netflix. it's just exterior shots of russia.
the 11 best internet reactions to the new fox news set:
ask not what your congress can do for you. no, seriously. don't ask. because they don't give a fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck.
@samitrap colin tilley... thanks for the support. i'm signing off guys. grab my new album here
@herbaljay504 40 acres ft dream but u pick one and let me know, click here.
@dannyeatsrice this my takeover...no kanye questions unless u post the purchased link to this
@dannyeatsrice alpo and rich porter dopeboy era...highly influential in my creativity.
@nickkillian136 vortex is my favorite song right now. rager is the king
@darealshikoh @kendricklamar is a great dude to work with and s/o compton #nosetalgia
@killermike74 i own @cthagod he's my son, ask him...
@ryanmuthiora  would u like me to rap and book my own concerts?? just click here
@spectrumeclipse i'm his favorite rapper ever... click here and see why
@baby_christina1
@rossjames92 cause it's sold out jack... but click this
@slohoggn is that a racial question cause i'm a black man?
@itsmeeddiee yeah man no ask a damn question and click this
@itsmeeddiee u know it baby!! click this link again
@jacobdelauder favorites are 8's
yes 100 percent @kooliv_ffmg
this is pusha aka kingpush aka the creator of the hiphop album of the year: my name is my name... buy it now
.@pusha_t has taken over! tweet questions for him @funnyordie now and read live answers here:
the one and only @pusha_t is taking over our twitter in 30 min to talk to you! start tweeting questions for him now!
arizona iced tea's open letter to miley cyrus:
great new comedy doc called "the muslims are coming" that's worth checking out. it's on itunes, so no pants required:
coach kilmer (@jimoheir) starts training camp after a dramatic offseason threatens his pee-wee football team:
congress needs to go to an island resort and get its groove back. maybe have sex with a younger governing body.
21 best gifs of all time of the week:
a behind the scenes look at the team that made the woman with three boobs from the original total recall:
maria bamford (@mariabamfoo) answers 50 sexy questions in the free new fuck issue of @occasionalmag:
links! 26 viral news stories that would break the internet, hulk hogan spoofs miley cyrus and more!
attn every club dj everywhere: please play "under the sea" from the little mermaid. thank you.
"fuck it. yolo." -congress
this is just a great video of a husky going ham in a big pile of leaves:
#ff @flyinglotus and @soulwax started from the bottom now the whole team has a gta v radio station.
see how these comedians would handle themselves at an orgy in the free new fuck issue of @occasionalmag:
our @occasionalmag just released the fuck issue! get it free today for ipad and iphone:
thanks for your questions! go check out @acodmovie this weekend in ny and la, next weekend other cities. if you want.
@bettyjoanperske always
ok last question y'all
@ejbolinger dory
@izbeqaman poehler's one-legged bachelor contestant
@heyythereclaire yes! let's do it!
@hayleyleier lumberyard all the way
@hayleyleier one before the last was the best
@cheapreward i dont know
@wyattcalzones next greatest event of tv history nov 7 adult swim
@l_weitz men
@freudianslip_22 a lot.
@l_weitz i think so
@notamberkate the greasy believer's banana music
@nbcdevotee @acodmovie is claymation
@itsmeitsmedevin yes, oh my god yes
@immymcc wow. so great, really.
@kettlemickeyd kicking asses, taking names
@amykwalter thank yoooooooou
@bwrabbitt maybe sometime, not sure when
@danetheridge tell me more about how much you love to crap in public restrooms, dan
@loverrlylucy i like eating eggs overlooking a deep, cloud-strewn valley with a hawk on my shoulder
@helpascott sure let me know where to send
@pamjeanne was fun hating each for @acodmovie
@katiegeishirt yes and yes
@schultecourtney yes i love iowa. go wildcats!
@optigrabber i love that one
@margo_max undercarriage
@bhass114 my hands and feet, legs, thoughts and disposition
@shyde13 the proposal probably
@vittorants griff eats world: take good notes
@miss_autonomy i love nathan for you
@jazzmineabriana i don't know, will get on that
@melissaa_rose of course
@newsnerdmel yes
@come_on_united steven martin
@sadiefkatz stay in school, goddamnit
@bhass114 soccer mom
@wurmthemadness no
@melissaeweiss getting there
@schmandydandies camp of course
@staaacyho never. they're all coke addicts
@madhatterq london
@boordtodeath i really doubt it
hello it's adumb scoot and i'm ready for your questions
.@mradamscott is taking over our acct in one hour at 10am pst! start tweeting questions for him @funnyordie now!
think you can come up with something funnier? prove it with our new party game:
"thanks for the letter, sinead. it really made me think," miley types pensively while twerking naked in a whole foods.
happy to announce @mradamscott (parks and rec, @acodmovie) is taking over our twitter tmrw @ 10am pst to talk to you!
watch the free premiere of we are young: a feature-length comedy about being drunk, nervous, weird and in love.
the best of @rjmitte's twitter takeover:
cheating cat has an unfair advantage on the ping pong table:
we need to send @jontaffer to congress so he can bar rescue this country.
the official rules for becoming a member of arcade fire:
alternate ending to breaking bad involving walt jr's friend louis:
typical uncle sam to shut down fun stuff like yosemite and fund bummers like parking enforcement and whoever keeps quaaludes off the streets.
hey, ny! tix still available for our very special event this sat w/ @billyeichner! someone who rts this wins a pair!
adult children of divorce like @mradamscott are raising the bar for being unadjusted:
go behind the scenes with the man responsible for the dynamic score of keeping up with the kardashians:
this fail video compilation reminds us that everyone gets hurt sometimes:
informative step by step guide outlines how to pet a dog:
thank you all so much for the questions and thanks to @funnyordie for letting me take over.
@trumalu i think jr. has family issues to work out first before we can think about money
@caferue lafayette
@ahollywoodbowl yah i have my moments
@allie_jayyyy i think we were beyond words
@hayjub_denera i think everything that happened happened for a reason.  jr will grow from this and be there for his family
@bmarrec i think skyler will fill them in once everything cools down
@jimbobueno yah you can get it from impound abq, new mexico dea office
@zackbrokebad_ "i am the one who knocks.."
@nancystewart_m not on set but last night was really interesting. i still can't believe this happened and i was so happy to be apart of it.
@smohawk no what walt has done is unforgivable but he is his fathers son and he will always love his father
@joey_not_joseph whatever hires me i have some stuff here and there but just looking for the next great thing and maybe a little breakfast
@nancystewart_m it was easy letting go.  i love bryan so much it was an honor to be able to be his son for seven years
@kawaiibabydoll i think jr had a lot of growing up to do and i think they have a few things to work out
@tigerfanatic09 it was a seven year master class.  i wouldnt be who i am today without breaking bad and the people who worked with it
@phunkadellic no but i just tried again
@markhameggs they're both smokin' and i love them both!
@marikainguelph no not at all, you cant take back real life. these are real decisions and they will have to be lived with
@loewenchris it felt fulfilling and an honor to have been apart of such an amazing show.  whatever hires me :p
@ryanberry_ breakfast
@cubansuperman no best meal of the day!
hello everyone  i am @rjmitte from the show breaking bad here to answer some questions.  lets get this started.  thank you @funnyordie
we're handing over our acct to @rjmitte! tweet questions now @funnyordie! read answers here:
breaking bad's @rjmitte is taking over our acct in 25 min! tweet him questions @funnyordie now and read answers here:
breaking bad's @rjmitte is taking over our twitter at 3pm pst today to talk to you/answer questions! have an a-1 day!
jennifer hudson (@iamjhud) is searching for a scandal. too bad the affordable care act fixes all of them:
links! the 8 biggest transitional seasons in snl history, 100 pop-culture things that make you a millenial and more:
an alternate universe where breaking bad goes on forever but it's the worst show of all time.
there are few things scarier than looking around and realizing you're in pasadena.
domino's could make billions with a service that picks your drunk ass up from the bar and drops you off at home with a pizza.
a spoiler free recap of the last season of breaking bad:
a spoiler free recap of the last season of breaking bad:
amc unveils new poster/marketing plan for low winter sun:
the 24 best internet reactions to the final season of breaking bad:
#ff @mrbobodenkirk @aaronpaul_8 and @bryancranston meth'd actors.
"huell's rules" w/ @lavellthacomic is the new @breakingbad_amc sitcom spinoff about huell's life in the safehouse:
infographic: how landry from 'friday night lights' grew up to be todd in 'breaking bad'
zach galifianakis can't stop spanking @justinbieber.
getting increasingly hard to deal with the fact that three psychos in gta v live a more balanced and productive life than any of us.
zach galifianakis interviews @justinbieber in this brand new episode of between two ferns:
9 photos of billy ray cyrus fighting back sadness:
do you like puppies? obvs course do. what kind of monster doesn't like puppies? just follow us on pinterest already:
a normal manly day in the life of @nick_offerman:
we are young: a feature-length comedy about being drunk, nervous, weird and in love. coming oct. 3 to funny or die!
a "30 for 30" about the people who buy lord of the rings merchandise on skymall.
in case you missed it, will ferrell's spectacular appearance at the 2013 emmys:
the theme song from "back to the future" works with literally everything:
9 children's dolls that'll make you say, "yo, that's messed up"
burger king unveiled healthier new fries with 30% less fat. or you can just take 100% of your fat ass somewhere else for lunch.
"mac story" is a new pixar movie that's just like "toy story," but with apple products:
seemingly nice woman looks a whole lot like joseph gordon-levitt:
suzi barrett visits california's beaches in the finale of her "i hate california" series:
jack breaks the news to andy about mumford and sons breaking up.
honestly can't tell the difference between half and half, non-fat milk and trigonometry.
homelands navid negahban (abu nazir) has some tips on how to become hollywoods next favorite terrorist:
links! @louisck hates cell phones, an oral history of the groundlings and more:
play a game of "fuck, marry, kill: john travolta edition" in the free new health and fitness issue of @occasionalmag:
12 inanimate objects desperately screaming to escape the nightmare that is their life:
"i will hold down the finest papers on my desk with this." -bruce campbell's (@groovybruce) acceptance speech at tonight's eyegore awards
dancing to new drake is about to pass texting for leading cause of automotive accidents.
21 best gifs of all time of the week:
#ff @notoriousrod future heavyweight champ of the universe.
spoiler alert! we've got an exclusive clip of this week's new breaking bad! see what's next for hank (@deanjnorris):
this tutorial shows you how to re-create that aging woman time lapse video with a few simple effects:
54 things you must do this fall:
when you die, you have to watch a 30 second ad before you can go to the afterlife. (via @terribletown)
honest version of chipotle's scarecrow commercial:
woke up in a new burrito.
the biggest keyboard talent agent in the biz (kim coates from sons of anarchy) talks to the out of control hashtag:
comedian @sammyobeid is setting a record for 1,000 days of consecutive stand-up! tonight is day 998 and he's performing on @teamcoco. tune in!
killer backstage @oddballfest vid shot by comics:
always a blast to have breaking bad's @deanjnorris in the office!
while other sixth girls had crushes on jonathan taylor thomas, sarah only had eyes for jeff goldblum:
a woman giving birth needs her balls. @ju1ianmorris' balls:
#robin ?? @chrisodonnell
the surgeon general is probably a real downer at parties.
if @samuelljackson is in a movie, your kid probably shouldnt watch it:
calling in sick today with a bad case of gta v.
helpful psa: ladders get you to high places, but don't get high on them if you're getting high.
the most hipster hobby you can have in 2013 is going out in the woods and scattering old porn magazines.
tv news: we may not have all the facts, but we are talking. (via @shelbyfero)
consumer electronics review's own reggie explains the real reasons you should be excited for gta v:
links! the 20 best characters from conan's late night shows, key and peele's east/west bowl 2 and more!
comedian @peteholmes answers 50 questions in the free new health and fitness issue of the occasional. here are 10:
nyc! first 30 ppl to come to 404 on 10th and say "possible!" get in to our @itspossiblelg party! open bar and some awesome surprises coming up.
little girl wisely chooses to enjoy her cookie monster birthday cake by rubbing it all over her face:
hey, nyc! we're throwing a big party tonight for the end of the @itspossiblelg road trip! follow @itspossiblelg for ticket giveaway info!
#ff @andymated know that miley cyrus/homer simpson gif? this guy made it. follow him if you're interested in more awesome stuff.
21 best gifs of all time of the week:
thanks to everyone at ithaca college who came to our class today led by professors franco and @mintzplasse!
#ff @brimcgi and @kellynp road warriors.
there are some spectacular remixes of movie studio intros on fod today! here they are in one playlist:
"super buddies" is a movie about dogs with superpowers. here are all the best scenes:
the @oddballfest w/ dave chappelle and flight of the conchords marches on! denver tomorrow and irvine on sunday! tickets:
hey, chicago! be on the lookout for this funny or die fire hydrant in your fair city.
glorious supercut of every "ay-ya!" from 3 ninjas. it's over 3 minutes long:
dogs have the right idea. put your head out a moving window every chance you get.
shocking unused scenes from miley cyrus' "wrecking ball" video:
this un-aired clip of an interview with syrian president assad reveals the real reason he used chemical weapons:
saw a kid just spinning around in circles saying the alphabet backwards. he's going to crush dui checkpoints when he grows up.
we made some improved wrecking balls for miley cyrus to ride:
mad men's @kiernanshipka is also a psychologist to the child actors from modern family, moonrise kingdom and looper:
been in therapy your whole life? emotionally distant? @mradamscott is here to say you might be an a.c.o.d.
holy shit. it really exists! @ south park city
the 24 best leslie nielsen gifs on the internet
19 predictions for apple's keynote address:
dear aaron sorkin: in a world filled with so much bad tv, we need the newsroom. but we need it to be better:
18 gifs that are completely bananas:
this week's predicting bad makes awful shots in the dark. still not worse than the ones from last night:
the nra is finally putting guns in the hands of those who need them most:
mr. @thomaslennon bewilders your body into superb shape in the free new health and fitness issue of the occasional:
it would be nice to love anything as much as white people love coconut water.
dave franco and chris @mintzplasse showed up for our @itspossiblelg road trip in a helicopter! expect a crazy week.
"a night of comedy and big game cats hosted by will ferrell" tonight in san diego
#ff @itspossiblelg follow for live updates from the road as we travel across america next week w/ dave franco and chris @mintzplasse!
21 best gifs of all time of the week:
dave franco and chris @mintzplasse are doing an ama on reddit right now before their crazy road trip! get involved:
drunk girl tries to record a twerking video, accidentally sets herself on fire:
thinking about baseball during sex can have unexpected consequences:
9 classic sitcom character face swaps:
forget madden 25, this new ray lewis nfl video game hits harder:
the beginning of con-air is so frustrating. it's like "don't do it, nic cage! or we'll watch all of you on cable w/ commercials every time."
book clubs aren't safe anymore. natasha lyonne, @tarynmanning and @traceeellisross learn that the hard way:
in case you've ever wondered what "dilbert" would be like if his penis was always hanging out:
dave franco and chris @mintzplasse embark on a quest to do everything they ever wanted and prove it's all possible:
do puppies brighten your day? what about kittens? "mean girls" quotes? you should follow us on pinterest:
19 hilarious gifs to help you understand twerking:
the wild new @alyssa_milano sex tape has leaked! watch it exclusively here now:
going to a robin thicke concert must be a lot like listening to the radio for an hour and wondering when they're going to play blurred lines.
time for a new predicting bad! jesse blabs to hank, everybody knows walt is lying plus some bad predictions:
smile at strangers! it doesn't cost anything and also it's kinda creepy as hell.
50 shades of grey: buns of anarchy
14 porn categories depicted by stick figures:
prepare yourself for tonights @comedycentral roast of @jamesfrancotv with this playlist of james' best fod videos:
happy labor day! it's amazing any of us go back to work each year after remembering how fun it is to be unemployed on a monday.
guest editor @terrycrews whips you into shape w/ the terrystick from terryco in the free new issue of the occasional:
shoutout to everyone at burning man right now trying to maintain some grasp on reality while their face melts into a jaguar (via @robhuebel)
fat dudes who swim w/ a shirt on: it doesn't hide that you're fat. it's just awkward. rip it off and pat that belly, seriously 10000x better.
21 best gifs of all time of the week:
get this "winners don't lose drugs" shirt to let people know you love 90's arcade games and narcotics:
it's 103 outside in la. our frozen yogurt is just yogurt, all yoga is hot yoga and screenwriters are in starbucks just for a/c. pray for us.
.@pattonoswalt takes heavy metal very seriously. he also takes it very literally:
the always delightful @jennyslate25 and @gabeliedman are besties! here's a new bestie x bestie to prove it:
"would you like cheese on that?" "no thanks, i'm a monster who's afraid of enjoying life."
the @oddballfest w/ dave chappelle rolls on! hartford tonight, pittsburgh tmrw then tinley park and detroit! tickets:
it's hard to follow what's going on in syria when none of the headlines involve twerking.
we asked @terrycrews to guest edit the health and fitness issue of the occasional. he was very qualified:
here's the @julieklausner cat video we showed to 20,000 people tonight:
grumpy cat is here and she's basically the barack obama of this thing. btw grumpy cat is a she. #catvidfest
dj catmau5 is throwing down a crazy set right meow at our silent disco! #catvidfest
inflating a giant ferrell cat balloon for our silent disco. yes, there will be a cat dj.
we're at the minnesota state fair for the internet cat video festival! check out the celebs that are here:
.@hannibalburess tries to buy a joke from @almadrigal:
geena davis proves there's no crying in archery with these amazing trick shots:
the internet's best photo and gif reactions to miley cyrus' vma performance:
arcade fire = white wu-tang clan
"how to build a biological clock out of a potato" by @meganamram:
modern family's @ericstonestreet helps @dodgers pitcher @claytonkersh22 train for his charity ping pong event:
subtle thespian @mrtonyhale pulls the curtain back on his acting process:
dexter needs to kill the people writing his show.
on this week's predicting bad, a recap of a very awkward dinner plus some less than educated breaking bad guesses:
suzi barrett visits beautiful lake tahoe for part 2 of her "i hate california" video series:
billy ray cyrus and alan thicke, please pick up your children. (via @kellyoxford)
spoiler alert! hank from breaking bad (@deanjnorris) reads the final scene of the show:
pictures and video of dave chappelle's triumphant return to stand-up over the weekend:
hey, young people! on october 1st, health care will be cheaper than your cell phone bill. here's where you sign up:
links! what it's like to audition for snl, the collected wisdom of chris rock and more:
please don't bring your baby to a music festival.
@jubleee no sequel. but go support it on the big screen if you want another pegg / frost joint in the future.
@timbo_1983 maybe a vole.
@gonep yes. you are all my children.
@rynalan who wouldn't want to see napoleon dynamite hulk out?
@doloresquintana marmalade.
@hourgiee i loved doing the musical sequences. shooting brie larson singing black sheep was literally a rock concert.
@conalfz oh man. it was the greatest. i was so high at the time.
@giulia321 go and take everyone you've ever met to see it and then let's talk.
@shawngraves9 there's about 12 minutes on the bluray. but that's from 12 weeks.
@brubaker we didn't drink a drop on set. too many life threatening, bone breaking stunts for that.
@jaoharts 2001!
@irkmeingram i was not. which should give you a good idea how tough this was to shoot.
@agentorange01 chilled. i am not british. oh wait, i am...
@olivoctopus it's the best. pegg and frost are just as nice and funny as you'd think.
@elliott1301 mint.
@adrielric it's about time someone made a film of 'bates motel'.
@cloughed i have. they told me you had also.
@bongbong you mean catch fish?
@derekallan he really is.
@sparrowredhouse all of them.
@carlosfugazi no. i think you guys like to see our silly little island.
@wildwildlife always wanted to do 'strontium dog'.
@cdulaney85 yes. why would anyone not watch alison brie?
@kingof__fools proud of shaun, fuzz, pilgrim and world's end. fistful of fingers? it's okay for a film made by a 20 year old.
@leoelso kurosawa / mifune / wild zero.
@drewhulsey a lot.
@czeed it is nick frost's favourite film. for reals.
@imarecluse nick frost would be your last man standing in any situation.
@cybert00thtiger is this an answer?
@erasing lots of coffee.
@yayjuice that would be a dream project.
@goodbadpodcast probably not. the best version is 90 seconds long.
@robhunter82 i wake up every morning and thank god i'm not @robhunter82.
@joshuakitchen robert rodriguez scored two scenes on 'hot fuzz' as a musical goof.
@fanchise5280 i dig you.
@jamesisginger never give up. make mistakes. be tenacious.
@j_mclaughlin83 can't go wrong with 'halloween' ('78)
@trusttorust i am a big fan of 'raising arizona'.
@brytermoon the goodies always win.
@windog the network are taking over. all hybrids. all blue and green.
@mr_kiss_yo_girl yes.
@chrisbures chicken mole. see previous tweet though.
@paulrroman an american werewolf in london. or evil dead ii. or raising arizona.
@mr_george_b todd ingram was quite a big douche.
@x2seeybir a little.
@probablyricky my name would be ricky picnics.
@hannakovacs he's the greatest. can't wait for 'seconds'.
@scott108 more like shaun.
@thenaked_nerd yes. and sort of. we didn't want to gloss over it as many comedies do.
@connormarsden7 'orange' by jon spencer blues explosion.
@imjohnbruce i am so happy with the 92 percent rating of rotten tomato, i would still kiss the faces of the other 8 percent.
@hannahhembree a very transparent attempt to get free ice cream.
@seanpware he's the best.
@krosenfeld49 boxers.
@inkstar27 you've got red on you / yarp / let's boo boo. can't choose.
@shandy1121 thank you kindly.
@mapezzula seeing my best friends pegg and frost kick robot ass onscreen.
@jonacuz will answer that when i finally see alpha papa.
@cody_hawk (storms out)
@ladygouldian dawn of the dead '78.
@queueyoueyegee it's adam ant. it's a stretch for him.
@grahamrpf action. beer. laughs. beer. feels. beer. head smashing.
@smceneaneyirl knock knock. who's there? i map. i map who? etc.
@tomspillane1 strawberry. better than advil.
@beaux_selector i will try. ros pike's character is based on my ex girlfriend who met up with her. she used to say 'oh crumbs' a whole lot.
@coxythelegend a brief collapse. then a new movie very soon.
@conorgentes i love seattle. i'm in.
@spielbergspecs we wrote a part for a 'timothy dalton type' and he said yes. he is the coolest. voice like red velvet cake.
@trevorwhaley it seems unlikely. maybe if bryan lee o'malley wrote more books.
@matt_ramstead i look forward to him telling superman to 'argofuckhimself'.
@captainsexyman they are all hard work to make. but equally proud of them.
@keithprice75 i think you have to jack it in and go and see the world's end.
@richtea345 yes.
@livinwithgold i have to fly every plane i board. it's a real fucking drag.
@murtazaismyname it's junior mints i think.
@jonathandbrown yes. see you at starbucks in 60 minutes. there's just one right?
@turki_sm he's tiny.
@asherlymartin oh yes indeed. there will be a boxed set.
@handleydobbs a baby soft 4.
@labrataa i like to think of myself an ice cream maker who sells ice creams.
@jm3k it's when gary king makes a decision. he's made his mind up. he's also drinking from a beer (head).
@bonesschance1 nick frost is the funniest man alive. so hanging around with him is amazing.
keep tweeting questions for edgar wright @funnyordie and read all of his answers here:
@iknowwdles please take this up with your cellphone provider.
@epicrypto ben affleck.
@fanchise5280 i am also very pale. it's called edgar syndrome.
@imarecluse yes. he is a very english chucky.
@richtea345 i love pegg and frost like brothers so i'd love to work with them again. these three films are a trilogy that is complete though.
@timemal i have an 01 visa to work in the us.
@alarcool i am an englishman.
edgar wright here!  tweet your questions, i'll do my best to answer as many as i can in the next hour.
mr. @edgarwright is taking over our twitter in less than 30 min to talk to you! start tweeting questions for him @funnyordie now!
north west looks like she's trying to grab the camera in that picture. so cute, she takes after her dad!
#ff @rjmitte wish him a happy belated birthday! and stop talking to him about breakfast, that's got to get annoying after a while.
the dahk knight
behind the scenes outtake from "tetris: the movie" w/ @millajovovich
a coffee table book that's just people eating alone at chipotle.
jerry stahl engages in some shameless book promotion with @redhourben, jason schwartzman, michael c. hall and @flea333:
16 gifs of @demetrimartin's best bite-sized jokes:
neil patrick harris (@actuallynph) channels buster keaton in this story of unrequited love:
whoever decided that movie titles need to be typed in all caps is definitely someone who writes movie titles for a living.
kermit the frog and @stevemartintogo face off in a battle of dueling banjos:
will ferrell offers a sneak preview of funny or dies star-studded new videos:
mcbain from the simpsons is actually a full-length film when you put all the clips together:
we probably all would've let dr. phil's tweet slide if he opened with, "i mustache you a question."
if you're a table without chips and salsa, why bother? tables w/ chips and salsa have you beat. also, how are you reading this? you're a table.
a psa for gentlemen and lesbians from the women who want you to stare at their boobs:
we changed all of cathy's "aack's" to "fuck's" and made that comic strip about a million times better:
here's a little taste of what it's like to be at home with @johnlegend:
if you want to be a modern dad, you need the pump-a-tron 5000 breast pump for men:
new york seizes 250+ guns in what officials are calling the most successful traffic stop of dmx riding an atv.
welcome to the new @funnyordie! here's everything you need to know about our fantastic new site:
two nerds (@rjmitte and marten weiner) try to create the ultimate babe (@angelalessandra) in weird science 2:
we did it! we spent 6+ years and $50 million updating our logo! oh yeah, our whole website is bigger and better, too:
filming today w/ mad men's @kiernanshipka and @amandlastenberg from hunger games!
sunday links just for you! imagining the seinfeld movie posters, the late night guest hall of fame and more:
a tie in sports is like kissing your sister:  it's an affront to god and usually happens behind a rusted shed in arkansas. (via @ghostpanther)
#ff @occasionalmag semi-daily updates and jokes from our semi-monthly digital magazine. warning: you may laugh a lot. it can be exhausting.
terrifying chasms have opened up in the streets of nyc! betty kornberg reports:
conan plays a "harrison ford angrily pointing at stuff" supercut for his guest harrison ford:
#ff @apocalypsehow and @tylergposey two of the people responsible for giving you "the giving tree" movie trailer.
heard someone say, "it's american, not a sprint." congrats on making no sense and total sense at the same time.
the free new health and fitness issue of the occasional w/ guest editor @terrycrews is out now! download it today:
isteve, the first steve jobs biopic and the first fod movie, is available now on @netflix! watch @justinlong in all of his turtleneck glory.
the incomparable @millajovovich looking pleased with the free haircut she got at our office today.
8 even doofier casting choices than ashton kutcher as steve jobs:
there's never a best time for a breakup, but doing it as someone tells you they have cancer might be the worst:
9 greatest tv teachers of the 90's:
on this week's throwing shade, erin and bryan dish about hot yoga and play hibrow/lobrow w/ guest @dlanceblack:
diane meets millionaire philanthropist ike poole (@thomaslennon) in a chipotle to interview for an internship:
there's a movie where rodney dangerfield dresses his son up like a girl to play soccer. that shit exists. and it cost millions of dollars.
finally, someone has the courage to come right out and say it. rt @realjeffreyross: fuck kale.
oh shit, shots fired. kendrick lamar reportedly calls out bobby flay, pixar and all 32 members of arcade fire on upcoming verse.
11 examples that prove tv news has pretty much given up:
the dark film adaptation of shel silverstein's "the giving tree" starring @tylergposey has a brand new trailer:
looking forward to the awkward moment on next week's breaking bad when walt asks hank to open the garage door.
the 9 types of professors you encounter in college:
shooting today with alessandra ambrosio (@angelalessandra) and a very happy @rjmitte.
teen dipes are the new totally extreme diapers made just for teens!
links! 9 incredibly reckless cartoons, conan launches a massive joke database and more:
behind the scenes of a real intellectual thinker's piece we made over the weekend.
21 best gifs of all time of the week:
watch these fod videos w/ all-star casts! presented by 'we're the millers' b/c dayummmn they got a nice cast:
#ff @sfoutsidelands edition: @the_national @nilerodgers @robhuebel @thesoftwhite60s @dillonfrancis @nineinchnails @nickthune
7 unlikely 'breaking bad' endings:
"cars" and "planes" were just the beginning! check out these trailers for disney's latest vehicle movies:
breaking bad's @deanjnorris spoils everything else on tv:
"breaking badge" is a new amc original series about the dangerous world of girl scout cookies:
19 shocking photos of muppets as you've never seen them before:
breaking bad's @deanjnorris stopped by with a script from the final episode.
shit... those justice forever pussies just showed up.  mother russia?  get off the pot!  f me... gotta go.  been fun bitches!
@mrcrimsonp shit... someone is pounding on the door. i think it's justice forever. fuck...
@amberr1982 mother of what?
@fatchickinla fist
@spike_demon i like it... my demon just got all spikey.
@mikameekz i like where you are going, but bazookas are a bit of a sore spot with me...
@armaya_chey i like knife parties... as long as we invite kick ass.
@zombie_familiar let me check with my assistant...
@charliekeiser newt gingrich.
@drawesome21899 yes?
@tmariak nah, just a bad attitude and a love of me.
@olliemunoz holding chainsaws?!?!?  ooo... i just got hard.
@deborah_j_ong they haven't invented a scale that can handle my awesomeness...
@ah_greenghost if they make us laugh.
@wotv_ "evil tattoo"
@supersam3 how do you choose?  that's like asking me to pick between pregnant kim kardashian and pregnant jessica simpson.
@seedofsmiley sharks!
@mikameekz the feeling is mutual.
@harveygt_1 dude -- you can run my evil army if you have that kind of intel.
@mikameekz i like to hang myself from my door knob when i'm... uh... never mind.
@ivonwuchina thank you, good sir.
@noahontheblock yes.  that is the kind of out-of-the-box evil thinking we need in the tmcs.
@stellamaryluce dude, if you are asking me to take your daughter on a date, you have serious problems.
@wotv_ if you are the first of the new breed, i want to make more...
@tomlukezap thanks, buddee.
@nalareyes maybelline. 'cause i'm worth it.
@awesomesherrel no, but i'd like to.
@ivonwuchina bruce lee. not even a contest.
@spike_demon my humps.
@roy4114 wear leather.
@letsignoreroman that sounds cool... can i join?
@rohitcr2k the only facial hair i respect is the soul patch.
@charfernandez_ heeeeyyyy... what are your digits?
@xzxmickyzzxzx ruling the world, bitches!!!!
@xzxmickyzzxzx 'cause that was my superhero name.  pay attention.
@_jessiegould they are a bunch of weak ass weenies.
@evelyncadena exercise is for poor people.  i pay people to carry my shit.
@roy4114 ron jeremy.
@roy4114 death.  i also like the clown prince of crime.
@mcrmy_together cool. gonna check that out... if i ever leave this site.  mahahahahahahahahaahah!
@benjaminfilms "i'm a sweet transvestite!"
@elguluso javier is my bodyguard. when i call him my butler, he gets all pissy...
@xxreatorxx sharks
@mcrmy_together dude -- that is so cool! where did you do that?
@armaya_chey she's a tall glass of russian vodka... she's got like a 16 pack for abs... and she smells like a dirty underwear. tasty.
@misterbitey nah, the real hotties hang at the evil lair.
@mcrmy_together sounds like a fetish happy meal.
@bedbugcrazy are you shocked? pussy.
@zombie_familiar dude... i can't talk about it.  i'm still (sniffle), still too upset...
@valerie_garcia2 i like a good tickle fight.
@redon_theledger i'd make him listen to beiber.
@evelyncadena neither... but i do like a little union j.
@ohaiitsmefelipe hells yes
@evelyncadena i only wanna be me. 'cause i'm winning!  oooo wait -- maybe i would be charlie sheen? that guy gets laid.
@zach1782 best question so far!!!!  you are funny... no need to die. answer: hilary clinton.
@jemxcarstairs your love for me is unquestionable.
@josephbynature depends, are you more evil than me?
@l0vey0uc0c0zza tweeting you...
@charfernandez_ no need to make us the last men on earth... i'd make a flesh suit out of him tomorrow.
@lslhungary yes, i am super bad.
@9gerian_tomi including your's?
@tony_mazo it's so much more fun being a bad guy than a boy scout.
@davethewave19 me.  'cause if they don't laugh at my jokes, bad shit happens...
@ah_greenghost if you like breaking rules and you'll swear allegiance to me, you are in.  bring snacks.
@steviemanmuppet since you are a muppet... i'm going to say, "clowns."
@ash3032 thunder cats. i'm allergic.
@jimgilhooly1957 wait -- you get to take stuff when you die!?!?!?
@nalareyes i'm gonna drink his milkshake.
@ash3032 my evil army... the tumor, genghis carnage, black death, mother russia... those guys are so rad.
what up bitches? it's me @motherf_cker and i own funny or die now - so be funny. or die. tweet @funnyordie, follow at
the motherfucker has taken over! tweet questions for him @funnyordie and read his answers here:
the motherfucker from "kick-ass 2" is taking over our twitter in one hour at noon pst! start tweeting questions for him now!
can't remember how people expressed love before emojis/that thing where you put two hands together to make a heart.
this is just a good video of a news reporter accidentally drawing a penis:
the motherfucker from "kick-ass 2" is taking over our twitter tomorrow @ 12 noon pst! prepare some super questions.
it's not easy knowing the "" in beyonc will live a fuller life than you.
on this week's throwing shade, bryan and erin talk about the hit song "asian girlz" and russia's cold war on gays:
17 pictures that beg the question: "what's going on with horses these days?"
willpaper
there's pretty much only one reason a bus seat smells like pee.
a memo from the ceo of the 'weiner leathers' company who's confused about all their recent attention:
the moral of jeff bezos: for $2.50 you buy the washington post and solve a crossword. $250m you can buy it and put your balls on the front page.
we sent amish correspondent jebediah jacobs to the x-games in la to see what all the fuss is about:
flowchart: are you watching a cartoon for adults or for kids?
trailer for matt damon's new movie where he's a robot named wall-e on a mission to find love on elysium:
links! the 50 worst movie taglines ever, the pope's new relaxed rules and more
thanks @millajovovich for having us over at your house today for a bbq!
a missing teen (@edensher) has the misfortune of being found by lizzie and ali:
stocking up for the weekend? don't forget our new party game!
every group of ladies has its "carrie."
this humorous scene set in an office features light, carefree energy and whimsical flavor:
cock-blocking is the adult version of pausing super mario bros. when your friend is in the middle of a jump.
this trailer for were the millers" starring jennifer aniston and jason sudeikis is very touching  and very nsfw.
here's how baseball fans can spend their time if a-rod gets banned for life:
apparently, every new fiat 500l comes complimentary with an italian family in the backseat:
these amazing gifs prove that an escalator can never break; it can only become hilarious:
anthony weiner refuses to stop being himself in the race for mayor of new york city:
here's proof that sharks make every movie better:
apparently, no one watched this smurfs 2 trailer before approving it for release:
in the wake of a scandal involving slutbag" interns, these wanted ads for the weiner campaign were spotted in nyc:
throwing shade returns, as @bryansafi and @gibblertron discuss all the issues important to ladies and gays!
these mls all-stars dropped their hot new rap hit today. 5 people who rt this win rad gear worn in the video!
these 15 animals look like they just walked in on their parents having sex:
if you played nintendo as a kid without closing the front game flap, your whole life has probably been a mess.
these pairings of hip-hop artists and cereals are part of a completely awesome breakfast!
yesterday is history. tomorrow is a mystery. today is a gift. that's why it's shitty and you want to return it.
50 things you must do before summer ends:
watch our weekly recap of the newsroom, as johnny and kellyn use facetime to discuss willie pete!
"how are you still single?" is the nicest way to ask "what the hell is really wrong with you?"
this amazing prank gif is sure to be the song of the summer:
watch this video to see what would happen if your awful day came with a soundtrack:
adulthood is mostly about being tired and wishing you hadn't made plans.
read everything tim tebow wants his new patriots pals to know before they become best buds at training camp!
in response to buzzfeeds 10 trips you need to take in your 20s," watch the 10 trips you actually will take!
#ff @morissette @pauloakenfold @boysnoize @destructohard @djafrojack @dillonfrancis the only politicians you can trust.
p.o.v. news hits the streets to find out what people think about the royal baby, mexico's obesity rate and ryan braun:
ever wondered what it would be like if gary busey melded with yoda? this @teamcoco clip is for you:
sometimes the future can be found in the unlikeliest of places. like the inside of your butt:
#ff @evilhag her new movie "the to do list" is out now! make a list of things to do this weekend and put seeing that movie at the top.
this guy definitely knows how to play a zelda song on an accordion while riding a unicycle in the woods:
jacob writes his roommate holly a very special poem from his heart:
abc news awkwardly suggests the royal baby was named after george zimmerman:
witness the vaginal birth of throwing shade: the podcast: the web series! @gibblertron and @bryansafi will rock you:
'in the way guy' ruins 11 of your favorite photos:
the best of @glenn_howerton's twitter takeover:
this dog really loves riding the slide in our office!
if you rearrange "george alexander louis" you get "relaxed gorgeous alien." coincidence? or just time to quit smoking pot forever?
no good deed goes unpunished. watch what happens when tom brady does his old "buddy" a favor:
if you're not watching drunk history tonight, there's a good chance you have the iq of an empty keg.
the snoozeroom, our weekly recap of the newsroom, is back! watch as johnny and kellynn break down episode 2 from bed:
a hardcore sex tape involving farm animals and the grease soundtrack would be less embarrassing than referring to yourself as carlos danger.
this is what your phone would look like if @buzzfeed was your text-happy friend:
r.i.p.d and m.i.b may just be the same movies set in different times:
16 great comic-con costumes you don't need to be a huge nerd to appreciate:
i mean now you almost have to name the baby "#royalbaby". hashtag and everything. (via @rejectedjokes)
campaign ads from the candidates in this year's dj mag top 100 election:
that's all from comic-con 2013! thanks for following us through the chaos. see you next year! #sdcc
hey, san diego! one last thing. first 3 ppl to come to 7th ave and k st right now win these cool @pfcycles bikes!
this guy's shoes depict a hypothetical battle between batman and boba fett. #sdcc
that's all from ron perlman! follow him at @perlmutations. and now back to the final hours of this life changing comic-con coverage. #sdcc
@sportsgeyser 
maw, i'd have the exact same life as a cab driver in new york
@findlay_5 

wait...which head are we talkin...?
@geotruckr 

love trying to make drama as funny as possible!
@spaceprophet 

leonard? is that really you???
@fionadotter both actually.
@brinasamcro 

lolabrigida!!
@zachthekinggg 

was i???
@fionadotter 

i always have a thong in my heart!
@fionadotter 
a little bleach. no starch please.
@jennyblueefc i'm wearing it right now! you?
@pilgrimomega 

oy!!!
@padre_vincent 

lunch!
@mrjayba 

who?
@brinasamcro 

can you dm from this site???
@pandora_2012 

let's face it...nobody can cool me.
@dayofthecatfish depends...how tall are you?
@brinasamcro only when i think i'm gonna fart and find out it was more serious...
@battleaxe1959  just soa; hamlet on a harley!
@rachtacular  they were looking for someone who spoke french badly. hello!!
@pierrelamont i'd like to play the role of jeremy renner's agent!
@theitoutspoken   dr. zhivago
@mariemariehb hellboy!
@pcan_do_it 

i'll tell ya 1 thing...it's bad being a hardass!
@mariemariehb   a few. i think.
@laura_gmg my battery of attorneys are looking into it.
@coolcats2001 what cage do you reside in?
@jjport1006 letcha know in about 40 years....
@adamfawns everything's fun when gdt's behind the camera!
@coolcats2001 

mom??
@adamlmiles "don't by apple" when it was 55 dollars a share! that guy's in a shallow grave!!
@iatse luv all my union bruthas and sistas!
@thewolfmanjones i ching!
@tacomeatforever 

funny! or die!!
@coolcats2001 individually? or collectively??
@madmantx i quit 2 years ago. had enuff cubans for 2 lifetimes!
@calvinshevlin across a dinner table from my wife and kids...
@brinasamcro the jail time...delicious!
@bluraymad 37 long years
@vorvadoss yeah, hilarious except for the fuckin guy that bought it!
6 minutes! 6 measly friggin minutes separates us and immortality! tweet a muthafucka @funnyordie. i meant 5! 5 frickin minutes...
ron perlman (@perlmutations) is taking over our twitter in one hour at 10am pst! start tweeting questions for him now! #sdcc
you could make a million dollars in san diego tonight with a bucket and a "save the hill valley clock tower" sign. #sdcc
ron perlman (@perlmutations) is taking over our twitter tomorrow (sun) at 10am pst to talk to you! prepare questions, expect answers. #sdcc
oh conversation about a $600 thor hammer: "it's nice, but it's too nice. i wouldn't fight with it." "i dare you to fight with it." #sdcc
this is glenn franklin howerton, iii saying... good bye...
that may be all, my friends. thanks for all of your questions.
@gregoryjpappas fuck cilantro
@evilabed101 charlie is aces, babe. aces. and don't you forget it.
@daytonaseagull no. and my name is glenn
@clockettup i'd say it's 90% scripted. and i don't think an improv has changed an entire arc, but they have developed into runners.
@jakejohnston the power to always not have to worry about what i'm going to eat next.
@prospectjoe chardee macdennis. that ep was a grind to shoot for some reason. a lot of yelling. more than usual.
@1ramblinmandan you just have to treat it like it's hot.
@jamesbsweet lethal weapon 6 coming soon!
@sav_czyzewiczz yup. tomorrow from 1:30 to 2:30 then panel at 3pm.
@whipsawed6 jeff. wait... you are talking about sanctimonious time demons, right?
@mmcartor add more green stains to make a green spotted pink couch. god!
@whipsawed6 get a new girlfriend. one that isn't so stupid.
@domdellamorte astley's pretty fast, so i'll go with him.
@levig3 we're like a three headed monster.
@officiallymaya this season.
@hockeypunk36 i absolutely love that show and those guys.
@kissy_elliott try rear grinding.
@levig3 i like early traffic.
@j_holtzman we haven't decided yet.
@tan_servo he's incredible.
@g__be benioff and weiss wrote an episode this season. the first time an outside writer has written something and it worked. brilliant guys.
@grape73 did you not see must love dogs?
@mbbernstein it's all written, then we ad-lib and improv within and around it.
@musicalj21 sean penn. because he's so fucking awesome. or gary oldman.
@vittorants win in the end by mark safan
@ryanhcollins about as awesome as a monster movie gets, pal.
@radiomuse210 i produced a film that will hopefully come out in the next year called the wilderness of james.
@m_evans10 jimmy simpson is a genius
@manbearhog of course i do. what am i, an idiot?
@gregoryjpappas you don't think i know that?
@grimy_va best show on tv currently.
@whipsawed6 why fake it?
@f4double_d he has no smell at all. it's strange.
@thorstensuppli on my ipad
@garbanzocakes there was a lot of singing going on.
@jonathanesal no doubt. it's just a fun little game i play. i'm not doing it to be a good person.
@tjfenton33 i've really been loving bill burr lately. that dude kills me.
@hellorw ricky gervais, mindy kaling, seth rogan and co., danny mcbride is a genius. jason bateman. there are many.
@yacobfoust i love those zucker abrahms zucker movies, man. airplane!, naked gun and top secret still kill me. the original office too.
@racheythomas i am inspired by my anger. and rob. and charlie. and my wife.
@whipsawed6 maybe after she stops shilling shitty products that are bad for people.
@imarecluse why does it need to be tasteful?
@yacobfoust why charlie hate?
@smlcjr yes, i am big fan. and i will miss the great glen mazzara
@migscalgary there is a real paddy's pub on race street. bring a shield.
we're handing our twitter to @glenn_howerton! tweet questions now and read answers here:
always sunny's @glenn_howerton is taking over our twitter in one hour at noon pst to talk to you! start tweeting questions now! #sdcc
if you have a dog, it should be illegal not to do this. #sdcc
thanks @pfcycles for sending us down to san diego w/ these cool bikes! they put pedicabs to shame. #sdcc
by far the laziest "shaun of the dead" cosplay here. #sdcc
two of comic-con's finest are taking over our twitter! @glenn_howerton tomorrow at noon and ron perlman (@perlmutations) sun at 10am! #sdcc
early contender for best sign of the weekend. #sdcc
tickets are now on sale for all @oddballfest dates, including newly added hartford, ct and las vegas!
watch this very nsfw video from los angeles skate punks @fidlarla to find out why @nick_offerman is so pissed:
leaked live reading of j.k. rowling latest pseudonym book:
the catholic church says you get less time in purgatory if you follow the pope on twitter! here are some other perks:
join @nekocase as she launches our new performance series: dressing room sessions!
how is there not a white rapper named enron hubbard?
this video titled "cartwheel fails" definitely delivers what it promises:
we're going to comic-con tomorrow! follow @funnyordie here, on instagram and vine for more nerdy fun than the average brain can handle. #sdcc
still not as bad as the time rolling stone put mumford and sons on the cover.
watch this nfl training video and you, too, can finally learn how not to murder people:
11 stars who just get how to be a celebrity:
billy on the street is returning to @fusetv for season 3! congratulations, @billyeichner!
billy on the street is returning to @fusetv for season 3! congratulations, @billyeichner!
high school av teacher, gary ashpole (@roryscovel), makes inspiring documentaries. brace yourself:
taylor swift is on tinder too and she has a song all about it:
do you like new music videos? do you like @dalejrjrmusic? then you're going to love this:
"the snoozeroom" is our new weekly recap of the newsroom! here's the season premiere:
two friends visit a food truck and wind up meeting @carmenelectra in line:
new @oddballfest dates have been added! hartford, ct and las vegas on sale friday! buy tickets to all other shows now:
comedian @brodyismefriend tells you everything you need to know about the @oddballfest comedy festival:
links! the 25 worst rappers of all time, an 8-bit version of anchorman and more:
'pacific rim' is a groundbreaking masterpiece of 'sons of anarchy' fan fiction.
we're all going to hell for laughing at this. totally worth it:
we've got an exclusive deleted scene from pacific rim! must've been too implausible to make the final cut:
'hitler chicken' and 8 more dictator-themed restaurants:
the 21 best gifs of all time of the week:
going on an ice cream cleanse.
"glitter and ribs" by the incomparable @billyeichner is available on itunes! get it today, love it forever:
can't wait for the gta v side mission where you get fired from your real life job after not showing up for a month.
the justin bieber wacky headline generator:
"poking" someone on facebook is exactly as creepy as showing them your soft penis in an elevator. (via @robdelaney)
the @dodgers let us tweet from their acct last month. help us apologize by voting @yasielpuig to the all-star game:
do you like cute pictures? of dogs? kittens? baby penguins and shit? follow us on pinterest:
"eccentric" is just a nice way to call a rich person crazy.
cleveland browns fan makes the ultimate request in his obituary:
spotted in nyc. seems legit.
.@nick_offerman and @mrbobodenkirk star in this new drunk history clip! premieres tonight at 10/9c on @comedycentral:
14 photos of 90's kids that only 90's kids will get:
the leaked email chain between the disney execs who greenlit the lone ranger:
if there was a machine that could tell you how you die, would you be dumb enough to use it?
good luck finding a better name than this one:
if asian teenagers don't give you respect nods at red lights, your ride probably isn't worth shit.
10 things you might not know about the royal baby:
the new office 3d printer is for business use only. too bad the employees didn't get that memo:
don't forget what makes america great: your freedom to poorly recite bill pullman's "independence day" speech w/ a mouth full of hot dogs.
happy 4th of july! we made a 60 minute royalty-free salute to america that you can play at your bbq:
"magna carta holy grail" should've been called "does anybody at this party have a samsung?"
6 reasons you shouldnt photograph fireworks with your phone:
every 4th of july bbq has one asshole. please don't be this guy:
on this royal baby watch, @mrdavehill asks the chairman of the british monarchist society the tough baby questions:
15 gifs of animals who don't know what the hell just happened:
it's nice to see disney getting back to basics: a fun story, johnny depp in a wig and ambiguously misinformed racism.
take this fun "friends" quiz to find out if youre a friends fanatic or friends phony:
girl runs on the field of the college world series to take the greatest selfie of all time:
we've got exclusive new lone ranger footage! check it out and get excited for this 7th trailer:
kinda ironic that a guy named "snowden" winds up stuck in russia in the middle of the summer.
our awesome shirts are on sale today only! get one now to fly your fashionable freedom on july 4:
aaron hernandez bought bubblicious cotton candy gum before allegedly committing murder. here's his new gum ad:
nobody is safe from getting catfished these days. not even @davidspade:
how loud can you talk to yourself before people think you're crazy? asking for an imaginary friend.
links! phil hartman's snl bloopers, gilbert gottfried does breaking bad and more:
thanks to everyone at the @marfafilmfest for waiting in line to get personalized hand typed jokes! see you next year:
#ff @toroymoi and @cashmerecat take a chill pill.
17 surprising gifs of people falling down:
#ff @hordie making shit happen at fod like ev-uh-ree day.
the 21 best gifs of all time of the week:
#ff @davemustaine and @officialkennyg two of the most metal dudes the world has ever seen.
courtroom recording of supreme court justice scalia's dissenting opinion in the landmark gay marriage case:
a helpful graph for how often you're supposed to wash your clothes:
matt's hair is looking luxurious as fuck today.
"world war g" trailer shows the whole world getting infected. the whole, fabulous world:
7 anti-gay protest signs updated for the post-doma world:
.@mrdavehill has royal baby fever. the only cure? go to england and become the official royal baby watch correspondent:
8 failed 90's legal dramas starring @breckinmeyer and @mpg:
the 15 best tweets following the supreme court's overturn of doma and prop 8:
anybody worried this will lead to people marrying dogs needs to calm down, think rationally and realize that would be awesome.
goodbye prop 8 and doma! hello #marriageequality and the most fantastic weddings any of us have ever seen.
will ferrell's super sexy hot tan streaking strength sunscreen
6 game of thrones dating profiles:
summer tip: don't forget to drink lots of sunscreen and wear plenty of water.
"so you think you can prance?" w/ @adammshankman, @dizzyfeet and @bethbehrs is the hottest new competitive dance show:
this dog learns the hard way not to play around the pool:
9 ways to help your kanye west adjust to a new baby:
breaking: the grand canyon skywire guy cheated! here's the photographic evidence:
13 hall of fame worthy gifs of nba champion @chrisbosh:
.@megadeth's @davemustaine and @officialkennyg join forces. you're going to like the way this looks, we guarantee it:
links! the greatest mr. show sketches, the 50 funniest movie quotes ever and more:
you've got to be some kind of dumbass to wear a shirt with a hashtag on it.
las vegas: where alcohol doesn't even crack the top 10 list of things most likely to make you throw up.
7 equally clever first names for kimyes baby:
#ff @ohanaleigh the fresh new face for an exciting feminine product.
the @oddballfest w/ dave chappelle and flight of the conchords is coming soon! get tickets now or regret it forever!
david stern hands lebron the 'most hated on' award. "i'm blessed to have so many salty motherfuckers talking shit," says an emotional james.
congratulations to the spurs for finally being able to leave miami!
congrats to our friend @iamdiddy for getting @revolttv on time warner cable! they'll bring the contract by sometime between 8pm and march.
miss utah and miss south carolina join forces to give the perfect pageant answer:
stressed b/c someone's not responding to a text? relax! they're probably just busy or driving or they hate you.
15 pics that prove sometimes even one job is too many:
provincetown, ma! we're showing an "anchorman" and "isteve" double feature tomorrow at 8:30pm! get involved:
the official trailer for "anchorman 2" is finally here! it's kind of a big deal:
dave chappelle and flight of the conchords are headlining the oddball tour! this ain't your grandma's comedy show:
19 more of the greatest yearbook moments of all time:
miss utah's band keeps on grooving during her answer:
lebron james lives the way he plays...with similar results:
nsa official says cell phone snooping has intercepted over 50 terrorist plots, all of them dick pic related.
this is what happens when you bring an adorable dog to our office.
7 corporate ads based on 'yeezus' lyrics:
the sex you're having is only as good as it sounds:
only going through a metal detector at airport security really makes you miss the rush of anonymously showing your naked body to a stranger.
this young lady might be the greatest mad libs player of all time:
the nsa just released a sexy new commercial starring @sashagrey:
the oddball comedy festival w/ dave chappelle and flight of the conchords is coming and it's going to be monstrous:
links! letterman loves drums, the ss kid rock exists and more:
#ff @itrevormoore he's not afraid to blow a whistle.
13 amazing redneck family portraits:
rare video footage of nintendo's 1985 system reveal:
meats by dre
heard a security guard at the mall yell, "base! come in!" into his walkie talkie. probably the greatest moment of his life.
local kfod news correspondent les turner looks at this summer's upcoming blockbuster movies:
19 father's day gift ideas:
supreme court rules that human jeans cannot be patented. "human jeans? like pants made from skin? sounds gross," said clarence thomas.
a statement from fod regarding the privacy of our users:
a message from @itrevormoore about action we can take against the nsa wiretapping our phones:
apple's new ad encourages you to stop living your life and start recording it:
edward snowden says he's not hiding from the nsa in a new interview he did from an undisclosed location on the other side of the planet.
apple's new ios 7 has arrived! here's everything you need to know about it:
support our unmanned drones! get this shirt today and let everyone know you're a real patriot:
the best of @maisie_williams' twitter takeover:
links! game of thrones spoilers, the greatest event in television history and more:
sony: "ps4 plays used games and doesn't require internet." audience cheers, begins masturbating. janitors prep for long night of cleanup. #e3
every gamer's thoughts while watching the #sonye3 ps4 keynote: "please don't fuck this up like xbox. please don't fuck this up like xbox."
thanks again @maisie_williams for a great qanda! read all her answers here:
okay, goodnight everyone! i had great fun answering all of your q's, sorry i couldn't answer them all! see you next year on season 4 &lt;3
@ay_stecco @maisie_williams steal ned's head and leave in funny places!
@casterlyrocking olivia colman, she's brilliant!
@kingofwinterfel not again! ahhhh
@buzz_lanthier he is really cute, especially when he walks into things and yawns. photogenic tortoise!
@buzz_lanthier china, always wanted to go there! or north of the wall, by that would be really scary!
@editted on a scale of 0-dust, they are probably around a 9.3.. sorry bro:/
@cjeter @beyonce @gameofthrones @maisie_williams pleaseeeee! haha
@haydonsmovies @maisie_williams @cjeter haha!
@maisie_aryafan @katyperrycherry hello guys! i don't really know what to say?
.. 
cheese puffs!
luvya bye&lt;3
@srsaul04 @maisie_williams catleyn, everyone needs a mum!
@cotillardian 5 is my lucky number, so yes! haha
@alexandraintx @maisie_williams it hurts my neck looking up at him all the time, but i guess he feels the same only looking down! he's ace..
@darylsarms_ @maisie_williams simply amazing! the best experience of my life. i'm having a ball..
@mizticnz @gracehelbig yes i did! i loved it, she is one funny lass..
@jonathonbeggs @sophiee_turner yeah, it's just not the same!
@raelshark @maisie_williams i went full psycho didn't i? never go full psycho..
@cjeter i am a fan of the show, which is strange. i do cringe immensely at arya's parts though..
@harvey_s the power to change your power with just a thought. boom! best power ever..
@mizticnz wow, you're the other side of the word! i still find that amazing that you stick to the floor and don't fall off..
@sudigreen @gameofthrones that is hilarious! hahah
@mr_gonz i had a lot of help from the stunt guys! my arm is beefy now.
@tristaann5 ygritte is pretty cool!
@carissablades @maisie_williams oh ma dayyzz, it is indeed.. stop judging my bed sheet choices! joking
@cjeter dancing, i always wanted to dance. acting just kind of happened! one day though..
@cotillardian emma stone, she's hilarrrrrrrr
@grandes4squatch hey nick williams, we share a name.. i like you, i'll kill you last!
joking
@jonathonbeggs the accent, it's class!
@mikeyrockslang not really but if they did, i wouldn't tell them..
@jonathonbeggs i hear conleth hill is a trickster, i haven't been blessed with his pranks yet!
@cotillardian hardest question ever!
@gameofthrones a tortoise. more specifically, my tortoise. his name is barney, i wander what is going on in his head. he's quite simple
@dadamstowel he deserved it to be honest. to any freys reading:
talk bad about my family again, i'll stab your other neck.. wait what?!
@proggrrl i don't really know. i had loads of adrenaline, and was just like stab, stab, stab! rory is so cool, and very funny!
@cjeter i will next time i see her!
@beneriksen999 @maisie_williams i have sensitive teeth, so yeah and no at the same time!
@haydonsmovies @gameofthrones boy, girl.. i am a sword!
@gameofthrones winner! hah
.@maisie_williams has taken over our account! tweet questions for her @funnyordie and she just might answer them.
games of thrones' @maisie_williams is taking over our account in one hour (5e/2p). start tweeting questions for her @funnyordie now!
.@gameofthrones star @maisie_williams is taking over our account today at 5e/2p for a live qanda with you! brace yourself. answers are coming.
the @gameofthrones season is ending, but @maisie_williams is taking over our twitter account tomorrow at 5e/2p to answer all your questions!
yikes! these celebs wore the same outfit! but who wore it best? download the occasional now to find out:
thanks @mlb @dodgers and @braves for letting us take over their accounts! and thanks to their fans for tolerating us.
we're taking over the @mlb, @dodgers and @braves accounts this afternoon! follow them now for live tweets about hot dogs.
#ff @nick_offerman king of summer
#ff @actuallyberg able to read heavy books.
in honor of superman's 75th anniversary, here's the complete history of america's most iconic hero:
office coworkers discuss their big plans for the purge:
j.c. penny denies having more nazi-related products:
verizon unveils new slogan and data plan in the wake of the nsa scandal:
.@jennyslate25 and @gabeliedman are back in a new bestie x bestie to talk about who's horny:
21 more photos of bill clinton having the goddamn time of his life:
man jumps off a balcony to escape his angry wife while a crowd cheers him on:
the cast of mad men react to the red wedding:
welcome to the funny or die yard sale!
12 examples of the sloth-facing meme:
heroic local fat guy manages to photobomb bbc news dozens of times:
the best thing about the new superman is his power of being in every advertisement. (via @paulscheer)
nick wiger directing two actors on how high they need to be for a scene.
6 pictures from the "game of thrones" red wedding photo booth:
if we rename climate change "bacon and tits" i bet more people would pay attention to it. (via @ghostpanther)
jonathan the hairstylist recaps this week's red wedding episode of game of thrones:
graffiti is the voice of the streets. and the streets is apparently an asshole:
michael douglas revealed cunnilingus caused his throat cancer. here's guide to his other medical ailments:
not watching game of thrones is the new being a jewish kid on christmas. (via @jensenclan88)
take a look at behind the scenes at the crew that made the prancercise video:
9 hilarious letters written by kids to their teachers:
links! everything ron swanson has ever eaten, @marcmaron interviews himself and more:
strip clubs and museums have the same rules. (via @bryansafi)
the only thing alcohol can't cure is alcoholism.
#ff @terribletown pat made some great videos like the wire: the musical and american psycho w/ huey lewis. follow him! you won't regret it.
the apocalypse is coming! this is the end! check out this playlist of 10 fod videos to watch before it's all over:
we've got the exclusive script to the 'grumpy cat' movie! spoilers ahead:
#ff @hayeslady @michaelawat and @ardenmyrin dress friends are best friends.
download the free new tech issue of the occasional for reviews of hot new apps, like operation: kim jong-un edition!
this pic of @roblowe is currently hanging just above the urinal in our men's bathroom:
the real reason michelle bachmann won't be running for re-election next year:
do you have trouble getting out of bed? especially to go to a baby shower? this video is for you:
troian bellisario (@sleepinthegardn) taking our slide for a ride:
michele bachmann announced she isn't running for re-election. "i just want to spend time with my family and focus on being crazy at home."
nick carpassiosso has a lot of gripes. you could even say he's the king of gripes:
the 15 most confusing signs ever:
here's what happened when vine tried to make a commercial for vine:
play "fuck, marry, kill" with your favorite movie robots in the free new tech issue of the occasional!
it's no coincidence that dad advice rhymes with bad advice.
congratulations on already finishing the new season of arrested development! couldn't do it twice by now? must not be a real fan. bummer.
the 11 most outrageous celebrity mugshots:
"white dude" by @lildickytweets gets real about what it's actually like to be a caucasian male:
happy memorial day! don't forget what makes america great: brave heroes, bbq, beer and freedom. basically all the stuff from fast and furious 6.
what did top innovators look like when they were young? try the morphing tool in the free new issue of the occasional
the reviews are in for "behind the candelabra" and they're all focused on the important things:
"how warm is your butt right now?" - one of many sexting tips available free in the new tech issue of the occasional:
14 photos that can't possibly be a coincidence:
#ff @meganamram and @jakefogelnest two proud independent women doing their damn thing in los angeles.
if you like videos where a monkey shares a lollipop with a dog, you're going to love this:
we've got an exclusive sneak preview of the new arrested development! check it out unless you're chicken:
obama pledges to limit drone strikes to people who participate in throwback thursday. approval rating soars.
12 photos of cats treating dogs like pillows:
kelsey grammer performs open heart surgery on the worst heart ever:
thank you, @gqmagazine for saying between two ferns is the funniest thing on the internet!
simon rex (@dirtnasty) hosts a new show "hollywood on vine" that shows you the very best of vine:
the cutest dog ever is in our office right now.
are you ready for the future of comedy? ed asner, cloris leachman and rip taylor give you a tour of their hip new site:
hockey players wear knives on their feet. that might be the most hardcore shit of all time. #stanleycup
this video finally reveals the truth about who @kenjeong really is:
meet doug farber, one of the mickey mouse club's most talented mouseketeers. see what he's up to today:
xbox one: new graphics. new hardware. same kids on xbox live claiming they banged your mom.
6 gifs of miguel's epic stage dive:
jonathan the hairstylist is here once again to do his weekly recap of the new game of thrones:
check out the red band trailer for "the kings of summer" w/ @nick_offerman, @alisonbrie, @hannibalburess and more:
yahoo announced today that they, "promise not to screw tumblr up." that's exactly what someone says before they screw something up.
in case you missed it, here's everyone who showed up to stefon's wedding on the snl finale:
mr. @pattonoswalt gets a strange pair of glasses that reveal a terrifying secret about the world around him:
finally someone is brave enough to speak the truth. rt @kevingchristy: if i was a woman i would have so many pairs of fun leggings.
astounding fact to make you feel old: sisqo's thong song is closer in time to the civil war than it is to today. (via @mrchadcarter)
rich kids complain about zach braff ruining kickstarter:
#ff @danabramson if you like things that are both timely and topical, this is for you.
the video game character's food pyramid:
#ff @kylieminogue and @iamdiddy coming soon to a tv near you.
the special unit's unit (@adamdevine) is patrolling the streets to make sure guys keep their body hair under control:
police cars with "watch the road" bumperstickers = extremely lazy entrapment.
jonathan the hairstylist returns for another fabulous recap of this week's game of thrones:
the rumors are true! sean combs (@iamdiddy) proves he was really the first black cast member on downton abbey.
.@peteholmes joined forces with @realpaulwalker to make the "fast and furious" franchise a bit nicer:
robot guac #daftfood
ramen access memories #daftfood
"lawyer cop m.d." is the most original legal police medical drama on television:
18 shocking gifs with unexpected twist endings:
anybody who feels the need to tell you they own a bugatti, and that they also sleep in it, is probably broke as fuck.
we get it. you need to save time and be a cool adult. but spelling "though" correctly is actually pretty easy tho.
this new hello kitty movie does not sound like it's for kids:
angelina jolie's breasts brought joy to millions, raised cancer awareness and spread life saving info. we should all aspire to be so awesome.
tasha van der sloot interviews @robdelaney about his new board game:
6 behind the scenes photos from "she-ra" w/ @kylieminogue and alfie allen:
meet @bobsaget's mom, dolly. this is her story:
daft punk shocks world with news that they secretly owned quizno's this whole time. "no plans to tour, we just want to focus on sandwiches."
she-ra starring @kylieminogue is coming soon to nbc in this live-action reboot the universe has been waiting for!
power couple (@reneefsmith and chris gabriel) expresses their love for mommies with this hot new track:
links! your mom's best quotes, colbert's new book club and more:
parent news with @fred_willard: it's news that makes sense to your parents!
happy mother's day! call your mom and thank her for putting up with the various types of shit you've been able to produce.
"gentlemen, be not mistaken: the party is here on the western side." -sir montell jordan (via @szyjake)
after the show, it's the after party. after the party, it's time for bed. seriously. got a big day tomorrow. make sure you get some sleep.
the 8 punniest 'great gatsby' reviews:
holy crap! @fatmike_of_nofx got a ron burgundy tattoo! stay class, mike:
#ff @amandabynes running shit around here.
the 25 most unfortunate names in sports history:
#ff @edwardnorton and @galifianakisz and @thelonelyisland best friends forever
8 totally omg sidebob photos:
bobby bottleservice (@nickkroll) has a message for all the mothers out there this mother's day:
sparks fly when wade walker (@mrcraigrobinson) crashes the preppy peeples annual reunion:
25 mothers day gifts to avoid this year:
watch the "it's topical" crew take aim at this week's hottest news:
warning! this new "star trek" clip contains a potential spoiler. it's also hilarious:
do you enjoy cute pictures of puppies? themed cupcakes? mean girls quotes? follow us on pinterest:
"maury, i don't care what your paternity test says. i love this burrito and i'm going to eat it with hot sauce like it was my son."
jonathan the hairstylist is back for this week's recap of the latest game of thrones:
do you like steven seagal? do you like music videos? then watch this music video about steven seagal immediately:
lightning brutes aren't action figures. they're figures of action:
kinda fun to imagine kim kardashian's baby was inside of her dressed up like a little floral ottoman.
here's the criterion collection cover for farrah abraham's  "farrah superstar: backdoor teen mom" sex tape:
you might not be able to see it, but there's a car in this photo.
6 realizations you have after graduating:
michael shannon left a pretty disturbing message when he signed our wall.
garfield really hates mondays:
if you don't have anything nice to say, talk mad shit and be a catty bitch. #yolo
.@jessetyler ferguson and @georgetakei star in this psa about dangerous individuals who oppose marriage equality:
links! zach galifianakis tells the truth, phallic movie images and more:
isteve  the first steve jobs biopic  is available now on @huluplus! watch it today and love it forever:
when life gives you bullshit, package it and sell manure.
happy star wars day! may the 4th be with you! get it? that's today's date, but also a line from star wars. basically the greatest joke ever.
#ff @eugcordero and @destructohard scottsdale's finest.
indian food lunch buffet doesn't exactly set you up to accomplish great things with the second half of your day.
#ff @robdelaney still the undisputed heavyweight champion of twitter/your heart.
jonathan the gay hair stylist is back with a new confusing recap of the latest game of thrones:
this music video for "ex-boyfriend" by lil dicky is the feel uncomfortable summer jam of 2013:
8 broadway shows for dads:
21 nic cage face swaps that will keep you up at night:
.@mrcraigrobinson plays the piano and sings a sexy song about how to show your girl you love her:
andrew the pizza guy talks about his experience collaborating with daft punk on their new album:
donna and leslie decide to cut the bullshit and get real with each other:
20 photos of comedians posing with baguettes:
the honorable judge bro brown (@adamdevine) presiding over his courtroom:
congrats @billyeichner for the best game show host emmy nomination! the whole fod team (except one guy who is kind of a dick) is very proud!
6 depressing warning labels:
willie nelson's audition reel for the hobbit 2:
it's nice that we can finally experience gatsby in 3d the way f. scott fitzgerald always intended.
bitchy resting face is a disorder that affects millions of women every day. together we can face the problem:
michael jordan's wedding invitation:
screenwriter michael arndt documents his first day writing star wars episode vii:
this 8th ep of best of craigslist takes a look at someone who accidentally ate weed and thought they were dreaming:
this trailer for "average party" is a reminder that sometimes one big party can change your life...but usually not:
the 16 best jokes by president obama and @conanobrien from the 2013 whcd:
matt @braunger and @johnnypemberton offer up some potential slogans for @oldmilwaukee:
9 ways to get the most out of spring:
timberland boots at a pool party is an aggressive move.
so is game of thrones based on real events like the bible or based on real events like the moon landing?
#ff @derekwaterss drunk historian.
this video titled "cat video hilarious compilation" is probably the best thing you'll see today:
busy day at the office.
breakdance like nobody's tipping.
#ff @bryansafi and @listgenerator they directed that amazing michael shannon sorority letter video. you should really be following them.
21 photos of bill clinton having the goddamn time of his life:
hey bowling green, oh! first 20 ppl to go to howard's club h tonight and say "craig" get free tix for @braunger and @johnnypemberton ! do it!
throwback thursday: because a spoonful of nostalgia helps the narcissism go down. #tbt
.@ryanlochte introduces his new fragrance inspired by the water that propelled him to victory:
jonathan the gay hair stylist delivers his confusing weekly recap of the latest game of thrones episode:
larry charles, @flea333 and jerry stahl making three very different fashion statements at a shoot today:
exclusive police footage of reese witherspoons arrest:
14 old passwords the ap twitter used before getting hacked:
14 pants that test the limits of butt writing:
the reviews for "isteve" are in! check out what the critics have to say:
charlize theron gets hacked and jean dujardins villain auditions are both up for a best performance webby! vote here:
can you tell which one is actually tom brady?
does 2 chainz ever wonder where he can go artistically? and is his answer always, "i could get a third chain. 3 chainz."?
.@alisonbrie finds out what it takes to be dave franco's dream girl:
theres nothing sexier than a man who drinks @oldmilwaukee...even if hes a terrible person:
.@henryrollins visits @gorburger to honor a fallen friend plus discuss smiling, art, government and forgiveness:
"just one day?!? every day is earth day to me! i compost and make my own shoes out of feathers and recycled cans." -the worst person ever
cnn now reporting that reese witherspoon is actually a 45 y/o muslim man.
jonathan the gay hair stylist recaps the latest game of thrones episode w/ @alfieallen in his chair:
the wire: the musical and bar refaelis sex tape kickstarter are both up for a best individual short webby! vote here:
links! conan reunites with simpsons writers, @pattonoswalt's best bits and more:
.@cheechmarin and @tommychong give their first ted talk:
.@cheechmarin and @tommychong count to one minute:
.@cheechmarin and @tommychong read 4:20 verses from the bible:
the history of 420 as told by @cheechmarin and @tommychong:
when you don't want or haven't earned a full beer, make it an @oldmilwaukee 1 oz. can:
#ff @ryguyperez and @hordie he wrote/directed/edited "isteve" and she produced it. follow them both right now.
why do people say they want to eat cute babies and tiny dogs when they see them? cut it out, people! it's weird as fuck.
a guide to the edible parts of a sandwich:
#ff @justinlong and @jorgegarcia they put the steve in isteve.
a girl has trouble selling her ticket to weekend two of coachella:
we've got a big pile of #gearsjudgment games. who wants a copy? 5 ppl who rt this get one!
mr. @pattonoswalt meeting his biggest fan:
brave cat fights invisible water monsters:
want to watch isteve on your apple tv? here's how to do it:
the occasional, our digital humor magazine, is up for a webby!
vote for it now! because magazines have feelings, too:
matt @braunger is excited to finally go on tour with his son @johnnypemberton for the old milwaukee comedy tour:
.@hellobleached visits @gorburger to discuss astrological signs, play the laser round and perform a song:
isteve  the first steve jobs biopic, starring @justinlong  is live! watch it now on funny or die:
.@hayeslady, @ardenmyrin and @michaelawat visited us today to wear cool dresses and look surprised:
help us win the webby award for best humor website! vote for us today and we'll love you forever:
after a big party, the hipsters wake up to their worst nightmare...they lost their coachella tickets:
the premiere of isteve has been delayed until tomorrow on fod. please help today by donating to boston red cross:
justin bieber's thoughts on 10 other historical figures:
jonathan the gay hair stylist does a confusing game of thrones recap for the first two episodes of the new season:
links! will ferrell yelling, louis c.k. answers your questions and more:
david alan grier returns to michigan in big10 celebrity homecoming. tune-in tonight @ 12e/9p on the b1g network
coachella is like chuck e. cheese for adults except the pizza is better and the guy wearing a mouse head is a millionaire.
this rottweiler really does not like shrimp:
#ff @shelbyfero future leader of america.
a new dating show hosed by @vanderjames follows a bachelorette as she picks the phone that will be her one true love:
that kid sam neill scares in the beginning of jurassic park hits the streets for the 3d re-release:
#ff @bryancranston and @sethrogen probably lots of fun on road trips.
what it would be like if shazam worked for people:
four boys go to coachella bootcamp to prepare for the greatest weekend of their lives:
comedian @thehumphreyker takes a stab at the japanese school girl hadouken meme:
tj (@ghostpanther) and @owenburke are back to cover all the latest news! get informed:
the 11 worst lines in brad paisley and ll cool j's 'accidental racist'
we're glad you follow us here, but you should really step up your stalking game and follow us on google+
8 more types of people at coachella:
after doing something charitable, @sethrogen decides it's okay to become the worst person in the world:
cbs's terrible post march madness montage song recut with the shining to tell a new story:
6 inappropriate garfield doctor reminders:
it's free ice cream cone day at ben and jerry's. fuck you, north korea. (via @robhuebel)
7 internet "magic school bus" trips:
it's hard for a genie (parker posey) to grant expensive wishes in this economy:
here's a collection of the best messages you've left on the fod hotline! call 1-855-mr-funny anytime:
check out "fully loaded" (@filmfullyloaded) produced by @ghostpanther on @hulu! it's smart, funny and free:
check out "fully loaded" (@filmfullyloaded) produced by @ghostpanther on @hulu! it's smart, funny and free:
it's crazy to think that in a few days we're all going to be too fucked up to realize we're at coachella.
we turned our best tweets into shirts! buy this "enjoy alcoholism responsibly!" one if you like partying/fashion:
9 gifs of cats being attacked by ghosts:
.@jeremypiven has a show called "mr. selfridge" on pbs tonight at 9pm. watch it if you enjoy tv on sunday but can't deal with dragons.
links! the new arrested development, jurassic park 3d and more:
one dude alone in a hot tub is a bad look.
we're at twitter hq for #comedyhackday. it brings comedians and developers together over a shared love of coffee.
#ff @szyjake he's replacing lou reed at coachella.
here's what happens when making a vine goes horribly wrong:
medical marijuana cures symptoms of insomnia, migraines and "i want to get high, see jurassic park 3d and pretend i'm a dinosaur."
20 things you didnt know about dogs:
#ff @huey_lewis_news and @alyankovic best friends forever.
11 funniest lines from roger ebert's reviews of bad movies:
rip roger ebert. thanks for watching all the bad movies so we wouldn't have to. you will be missed.
whoever ordered lunch is getting a raise.
maybe we get north korea to agree that farts are funny and thus begins the process of realizing we're not so different after all.
the unofficial @aliceinchains documentary has arrived and it is spectacular. here comes the rooster:
if eyes are the windows to the soul, then eyebrow piercings are their "beware of dog" stickers. (via @lianamaeby)
"teen mom" sends the wrong message to kids that it's ok to live in the midwest. (via @schindizzle)
a line-by-line translation of du hast by rammstein:
huey lewis invites @alyankovic to his apartment to ask him if he likes american psycho:
the j-lo sex tape has leaked online. this link is not safe for children or adults with a heart condition:
.@carsondaly does @gorburger his greatest honor and guest hosts the gorburger show:
things get a little carried away when a couple of guys celebrate a game winning shot:
kim jong un's official map of us cities to attack:
the trailer for isteve  funny or dies steve jobs movie starring @justinlong  has finally arrived:
thank you @whatculture for taking us all back to 1998 today. great sites prank alike:
quinn mallory (@mrjerryoc) wants to slide into a new dimension: the movie theater! help him fund the "sliders" movie:
baby sinclair from "dinosaurs" has a new live one man show! "where's the mamma?" needs your cash to become a reality:
the family matters movie can happen, but it needs your help! donate today and say "did i do that?!" when it comes out:
links! breakdancing nick offerman, @marcmaron's new show and more:
here's what "game of thrones" would look like on facebook:
thank you zombie jesus for this delicious bounty of chocolate eggs and marshmallows covered in neon sugar. #easter
spectacular ad for @conanobrien's live show in atlanta:
bottle service is weak. real ballers get frozen thin mints and vhs copies of "jurassic park" delivered to the table.
#ff @annakendrick47 huge overseas. less than tall in person.
#ff @imchriskelly magician to the stars.
.@jeremypiven's niece makes fun of his beard, his new show and his attempt to play anyone other than ari gold:
#ff @jimcarrey you can have his twitter account when you pry it from his cold dead hand.
do you like stuff from the 90's?!? then you're going to love this video:
some highlights from the easter egg contest happening now at the office.
the 11 funniest signs opposing doma and prop 8:
just heard someone say, "you only die once. yodo." remarkably, at 11:45pm with 15 min to go, that's the smartest thing heard today.
7 unfortunate effects of heterosexual marriage on children:
quite possibly the greatest first tweet of all time. rt @philjackson11: 11 champ;ipnsikp[ ringhs
in 1996 everyone used aol, macarena was #1 and doma was enacted. we all handled the first 2, supreme court it's your turn to do some lifting.
here's what happens when an internet troll meets a genie:
game of thrones has a new spin-off! it ain't easy being a single mother of dragons and this reality show proves it:
do any of you guys have fod tattoos? tweet pictures of them @ us, we want to reward you for your questionable decision.
a drunk girl and a high guy review their respective experiences with the endeavor space shuttle:
two simple steps to improve life on earth: 1) marriage equality for all. 2) new starfox game.
a night is forever changed after four boys see spring breakers:
.@killhodgy and @realleftbrain from @wtfismellowhype visit @gorburger to count joints, talk cooking and perform live:
in the fast food edition of "fuck, marry, kill" how do you pick between the burger king, ronald mcdonald and wendy?
modern existential crisis: if nobody tries to contact you for 10 minutes, do you still exist?
11 more of the greatest yearbook moments of all time:
.@jimcarrey debuts his new song "cold dead hand" on hee haw. it's sure to be number 1 with a bullet:
come see @robdelaney @matt_dwyer @braunger @mrhoratiosanz +more live on march 29th in la and help out a great cause:
nobody has ever complained about hearing too many outkast songs at a party.
#ff @nickcorirossi he's probably the reason ryan gosling is taking a break from acting.
friday productivity tip: have a lot of unread emails in your inbox? say, "fuck that noise," and watch full eps of "small wonder" on youtube.
dog photobombs every picture in a craigslist apartment ad:
weve turned your favorite fod videos and tweets into stylish shirts you can buy for 40% off today only! go get 'em:
.@azizansari and @joemande sit down for the 8th anniversary of "hitch" to talk about one of the greatest movies ever:
the conversation between amc's hr dept and jon hamm regarding his massive penis:
a prequel to "flight" where denzel is just flying around the world doing coke, having sex with a hot stewardess and loving life.
strange phenomena sweep the nation as people go to any length to pick the perfect basketball tournament bracket:
7 major gripes with the batman franchise:
call the brand new fod hotline! dial 1-855-mr-funny and leave a message after the beep. we promise to listen to every single one.
prince recaps his performance at sxsw, unanimously declared the sexiest performance texas has ever seen:
kevin brings in a special guest to picking winners to guarantee he wins his bracket:
you know your acting career isn't going well when you've got more mugshot photos than imdb credits.
we created a fod hotline for you to call us and leave a message! @cedricyarbrough is here to sing all the info:
thought you only report fake news? rt @theonion: macaulay culkin hoping @funnyordie writers come up w/ video for him
a handy timeline for the upcoming seasons of mad men:
13 people and things that are not good at what they do:
ryan gosling invites you to come on down and check out his acting range:
birthday parties might actually be worse. rt @ryanhemsworth: the more friends you make the more funerals you'll have to eventually attend.
joey fatone reviews justin timberlake's new "the 20/20 experience" album:
10 buttons people hit a lot thinking it makes the thing work faster or better:
we made a movie! "isteve" stars @justinlong and will be the first steve jobs biopic on april 15th. read all about it:
links! jt and fallon's history of rap, you are not the father and more:
your favorite funny people donned some seriously sexy styles for the occasionals spring fashion preview:
and thanks to these folks for their hospitality: @sxsw @mobilefomo @hypem @uber_atx @boilerroomtv @oldmilwaukee @yellowcab370 @atrak  @vevo
this pretty much sums up the final night of #sxsw.
overheard at #sxsw: "if i get to see third eye blind and chief keef tonight, this will be the greatest fucking day of my life."
drunk history's last stop on the road is san francisco! come by @hobsonschoicesf tonight (sat) 8:30pm to hang out and have a few drinks!
#ff thanks @kittentheband and @jeromelol for playing our #sxsw party! if you die without hearing these people play music, you messed up.
12 honest st. patrick's day buttons:
10 years ago, a guy named chad made a love song for jennifer love hewitt (@thereal_jlh). here's the new music video:
lassie, the most trusted dog in the world, reports unthinkable acts committed by the heroes of a local sports team:
.@gorburger introducing @theflaminglips!
overheard someone say, "oreos are the grilled cheese of desserts." mind fucking blown. #sxsw
housesitting for a friend? might as well redecorate with some pictures of samuel l. jackson:
10 signs you're in the doghouse:
meth match is the #1 dating site for meth addicts! put down the pipe and find that special someone:
some people are content to go through life always acting like they just smelled a fart.
want to visit our office and spend a day behind the scenes with us? bid on this charity auction to win:
follow us on pinterest! it's a place full of kittens, puppies and other wonderful things:
you've heard about the new pope. here's a handy guide to the colored smoke:
hey, austin! come see drunk history today at the next stage at 3pm. easily the coolest thing you could do with your afternoon. #sxsw
the third episode of guy talk is here and all of the guys are back to talk about guy stuff:
the wonderful folks at @mobilefomo gave us a free house for music week! we were greeted with two full kegs and a karaoke machine. #sxsw
strapping a gopro to your head and expecting to get something watchable is the most delusional act of the 21st century. #sxsw
see a civil war reenactment get disrupted when larpers take the field for #gearsjudgment (rated m for mature):
.@richardmarx puts a twist on some of his biggest hits w/ his new album richard marx's soundtrack for self-pleasure:
thanks @uber_atx for sending a tesla to get us home. thanks driver for asking twice if we wanted to go to
this kind of shit only flies 3 times a year: e3, comic-con and #sxsw
drunk history is in san antonio, tx! come by @esquiretavern tomorrow (tuesday) at 5:30pm to hang out and have a few drinks!
this is a robot 3d printing a tiny pirate ship. the future is now! #sxsw
.@flea333 stops by @gorburger to talk about sock photos, matters of the heart and more:
toby sits down with an old friend (lizzie caplan) and finds out what exactly constitutes a date:
the vibe in our living room this morning can best be described as 8 grown men having a slumber party. #sxsw
if you can't stand the gay, get out of the gay kitchen.
the abundance of facial hair and free promotional sunglasses feels familiar and overwhelming at the same time. another year in the shit. #sxsw
greetings from austin, tx! it's that time of the year again. prepare for a week of tweets about nerds, bbq, beer and music. #sxsw
links! robot overlords, seinfeld vs. louie smackdown and more:
ll cool j solves crimes every tuesday on cbs. how is that not weirder to all of us?
korean abdul jabbar
#ff must see #sxsw edition @theflaminglips @alt_j @disclosure_uk @kendricklamar @ciaotiga @earlxsweat @ryanhemsworth @awonderdj @braidsmusic
when he's not performing magic at bally's in las vegas, anton marvelton likes to make the world a better place:
bill cosby bukowski (@jondaly) delivers a keynote on the jphone lime to potential investors:
#ff @gibbstack and @scharpling everybody they know is more relevant than everybody you know.
kumail nanjiani (@kumailn) has an action packed new series of videos about gears of war: #judgment. here's a preview:
north korea threatens preemptive nuclear attack. dennis rodman really taught them how to step up their shit talking game.
dog the bounty hunter whisperer:
rain on your wedding day is only ironic if your name is jeff sunnywedding. (via @thesulk)
rain on your wedding day is only ironic if your name is jeff sunnywedding. (via @thesulk)
conan shuts down a "harlem shake" video shoot:
it's so much easier to buy a cupcake than a book in 2013.
can you tell the difference between a reality star and a space craft? it's harder than you think:
maybe "terminator" is actually the story of the most elaborate lie a guy in la every told to get a woman to sleep with him.
.@billyeichner asks @hankazaria whether a fact is about @charlizeafrica, @tyrese or @denise_richards:
@krupsusa yes please! we promise not to destroy it with a baseball bat. dm sent!
we gave our terrible coffee machine an office space funeral.
going vegan to get skinny is like having kids to get tax breaks.
miranda huntington (brooke shields) needs a new lease on life and she's going to follow her dreams until she finds it:
in the post-apocalyptic world of the near future, zone is humanity's only hope in the fight against cyborgs:
british cowboy reggie braithwaite voices his concerns over the european horse meat scandal:
hey, chicago! come to mullen's tomorrow (tues) at 8:30pm to hang with the drunk history crew and get your drink on:
we're shooting today w/ @jimcarrey! actually, he's doing most of the shooting:
the 13 greatest responses to flyers (by other flyers):
dante basco, the actor who played rufio in hook, has a tough time at a new audition:
.@anthonyjeselnik answers five burning questions in the new issue of the occasional!
hey, detroit! hang out w/ drunk history at ye olde tap room tonight at 10pm! the best thing to happen since robocop:
"you need to shut your mouth when you talk to me if you've never seen blank check," is an appropriate way to end a conversation.
#ff @richeisen undefeated super bowl champion.
here's a picture of nicolas cage's face hand painted on a denim jacket. you're welcome:
billy eichner sees if his new friend jordan can tell if a name belongs to a space craft or a reality tv star:
things don't always go the way you planned. case in point, this guy's ski jump attempt:
#ff @iamcolinquinn makes impeccable choices when it comes to ordering takeout.
drunk history is in washington dc! come by smith commons on h st. tomorrow (friday) at 8pm to hang out, have drinks and maybe learn something!
our espresso machine always breaks, so we're destroying it w/ baseball bats like office space. seriously. anyone want to send us a new one?
next time someone cuts you off in traffic, roll down the window and yell, "jamba juice!!!" guaranteed to disrupt their day more than a finger.
the pope's to-do list on his last day of work:
finally! the white house explains what the sequester is to everyone who doesn't understand it:
completely disgusted that a beauty pageant contestant has a sex tape. "disgusted" is the one where you feel like it's your birthday, right?
tyler, the creator (@fucktyler) executes a perfect photobomb on donald trump:
people might not remember the things you say, or what you do, but they will never forget that weird haircut you got one time.
blu-nies are the new vapor alternative to brownies. check out noah wyle's ad for them:
serious question: when you feel your phone buzz, but it didn't actually buzz-- what the fuck. is that ghosts?!!?!
"that's a handsome haircut," is apparently not polite conversation for the checkout lady at walgreens.
drunk history is on the road! first stop: atlanta. come by the highlander tomorrow (wed) at 7pm to hang out and have a few drinks!
our writers meeting turned into a game of telephone.
ikea's instructions for making meatballs:
.@billyeichner and @pink play billy's new favorite game: "pink, meryl streep, or who cares?" while 20 feet in the air:
mantra for personal betterment and inner peace: talk less. listen more. eat pizza.
drive would've been a very different movie if owen wilson was the star:
if you only read one oscars recap today, it might as well be this one:
we'd like to apologize for the tweet from 8 months ago when we called 'jurassic park 3' pretty good.
megan mullally and nick offerman perform a lively cover of "smell yo dick" for an eager crowd:
just once, it would be fun to hear someone get up there and say, "i sucked the devil's dick to get this gold man and i regret nothing." #oscars
if your acceptance speech includes "uhhmmm" more than three times, they're playing the jaws theme. #oscars
rt if you're having an anxiety attack right now. #oscars #goldfinger
danny mcbride is on the cover of the occasional! it features @azizansari, @nickkroll and more!
and the academy award for best hand job goes to...
feel good tweet of the year. rt @kylekinane: you can use a children's casket to bury your dog or vice versa.
just did a triple take on someone drinking a smirnoff ice unironically.
#ff @s_morris12 doesn't hesitate to watch batman returns when it's on tv. even with commercials.
dogs smelling each other's butts is like their version of networking, just not as gross.
.@pink hangs out with @billyeichner on tonight's new episode of billy on the street at 10/9c on fuse!
#ff @boring_as_heck and @bad_acid_ ready to start the revolution if you are.
6 reasons you shouldn't buy a ps4:
in case you missed it, leonard cooper gave the greatest final 'jeopardy!' answer of all time:
you know, it's easy to make fun of someone just because they're different. it's fun too. (via @mikeleffingwell)
danny mcbride graces the cover of the stylish new issue of the occasional! get it today for ipad and iphone:
jumping over a chain isn't always as easy as it looks. this guy learns that the hard way:
the 11 best ways to wear a horse mask:
zed and his roommate @zackpearlman are both late for work and they both have to shower. what will they do?!?
10 awesome pictures of comedians:
the last harlem shake video you'll ever need to watch:
can't decide if taco flavored toothpaste would be the best thing ever or the invention that finally destroys us all.
college student becomes worried when he starts getting snapchats from jesus:
the xx is great music to listen to if you enjoy taking ambien and staring at one lit candle in a dark room.
our twitter account was hacked by someone posting unfunny jokes and videos. it happened 4 years ago. we apologize for everything since then.
he's only 2 feet tall and about 5 pounds, but yoda's dream is to play notre dame football:
6 things from movies and tv that make no sense:
hollywood actor @davidspade is a qualified celebrity spokesperson. don't believe it? let him convince you:
a rogue cop (@vernetroyer) and his partner serve and interject, one story at a time:
links! louis ck's photo policy, drunk parks and rec and more:
people only blame bad stuff on the moon. nobody has ever said, "wow! i found 10 bucks on the ground! must be something weird with the moon."
#ff @msjunediane and @burninglovejul if you're not watching burning love, you're either fucking up or blind. possibly both.
#ff the team that made the latest between 2 ferns videos. follow them and say thanks: @scottaukerman @bj_porter @brianlaaane @galifianakisz
.@billyeichner and @debramessing play billy's new favorite game. new billy on the street tonight at 10/9c on fuse!
10 people who should be immediately un-friended on facebook:
#ff @thebrianhuskey and @padmalakshmi they could sell ketchup popsicles to a woman in white gloves.
friends don't let friends text their ex after midnight.
one of our writers made some ads for vine.
a guy races against the clock to find a date for his ex-girlfriend's big party:
valentine's day fun fact: everybody dies alone, but at least there's usually something good on tv until then.
john goodman tells a tragic tale of a first love gone horribly wrong. happy valentine's day!
we turned our best tweets into shirts! buy one to let the world know you agree that "the usa is just canada's mexico"
last night, will ferrell went to the lakers game as an usher named ted vagina and ejected @shaq. here's the video:
follow us on pinterest! it's your daily dose of baby panda photos and other cute junk:
top chef's @padmalakshmi heats up valentine's day with her sexy new clothing line:
ash wednesday? more like- no, wait. never mind. it's actually just called ash wednesday and there's no fun play on words. bummer.
obama promises to improve the voting experience. "from now on, we will vote on sunday. and do it on water slides. free. pizza." #sotu
10 valentine's day cards chris brown is giving to rihanna:
lapd confirms that suspect in the big bear cabin probably isn't two elderly asian women.
leaked: obama solicits email advice before state of the union address:
zach galifianakis talks to bradley cooper, sally field and more in part two of the between two ferns oscar buzz edition:
the great thing about losing touch with reality is how much ping pong you will play in a bathrobe. (via @eddiepepitone)
.@billyeichner and @iamrashidajones play "whistle-blow that jew!" in a clip from the latest billy on the street:
free idea for the best tv show of all time: shark tank, but for picking the next pope. call it pope tank.
5 more shocking nude portraits by george w. bush:
update from grammys after party: they're playing depeche mode and serving cheeseburgers. say what you will, these snakes and cowards can party.
the walking dead or the grammys. do you watch the bloodthirsty monsters ready to eat each other to survive or do you go with walking dead?
links! triumph crashes a dog wedding, community returns and more: 
#ff @kumailn making quality observations about far cry 3.
#ff @brobible sacred words all bros should live by.
5 gifs of obama shooting things:
#ff @matchboxtwenty and @thisisrobthomas check them out in the tv adaptation of smooth! here's a preview:
5 reasons not to be excited about the grammys:
#ff @michaelcmaronna and @dtamberelli the tweets of pete and pete
if dolphins are so smart, how come only 4 of them have ever been a contestant on jeopardy?
if you find yourself washing just one hand, odds are you just did something gross. (via @sethrogen)
helpful graph explains how no more mail on saturday affects you:
17 more ridiculous (and context-free) tv screenshots:
effective way to get someone to stop talking to you: close your eyes. hum the charles in charge theme song. walk backwards slowly.
there's a cat on a leash being walked around our office. that's a first.
20 signs you should stop going to your office happy hour:
dave franco and la clippers center @deandrejordan play a friendly game of h-o-r-s-e that quickly spirals out of control:
snapchat employee discovers naked pictures of his girlfriend that weren't sent to him:
we're shooting a video today w/ @padmalakshmi and @thebrianhuskey! it might scar you for life:
a purple pt cruiser with chrome rims. three bad decisions that, when combined, invalidate your opinion on everything forever.
this completely insane cover letter is better than yours:
happy national pancake day! america might not have health care or gun laws figured out, but we have delicious fake holidays on lock.
highlights from the puppy bowl's post-game press conference:
it must be nice for king richard iii's family to finally get some closure. (via @dfarecords)
super bowl recap! beyonce, blackouts, and oh yeah, there was a game:
the cast of pete and pete reunited for their 20th anniversary! here's the glorious video:
will ferrell made a sexy #superbowl ad for old milwaukee that only aired in a few
small towns:
first major win of obama's second term: the #superbowl halftime show is awesome again.
links! biggest nerds in pop culture, the 30 rock finale and more:
want to carry @billyeichner around in your pocket? these free billy on the street ringtones are the next best thing:
#ff @teganandsara and @gorburger best friends forever. or until gorburger gets hunrgy. go get tegan and sara's new album. it's ear medicine.
ever wonder how to make a handkerchief disappear? the masked magician will show you how! (nsfw)
#ff @jarellperry he works at funny or die and also makes wonderful music. follow him immediately.
three friends hold up the checkout line when they start asking questions about their supplies for the ultimate party:
super bowl faqs: everything you need to know
#ff @lianamaeby writes stuff that will make you laugh.
the grass is always more sexually available on the other side.
honest billboard for "do no harm"
tune in to conan tonight at 11/10c for a very special episode made entirely by fans. here's a taste:
a cashier at a frozen yogurt place (@shelbyfero) deals with an armed robbery on her shift:
45 of the best '30 rock' quotes:
just heard 1/2 the puppies in the puppy bowl tested positive for steroids. #darkday #fallenidols (via @paulscheer)
hey, san francisco! @billyeichner is doing a show on sat w/ @julieklausner, @jondaly, @gabeliedman +more! get tix now:
two cops interrogate a drug dealer using the old "good cop/good cop" routine:
chris brown's list of people to beat up:
the guys in the cool boyfriends club might be the best boyfriends ever:
tatyana ali (@officialtatyana) serenaded us today with a beautiful rendition of "make up your mind"
this is how you prepare your dad in case you get kidnapped while traveling overseas:
the real reason chris brown and frank ocean got into a fight? parking signs in la are really confusing:
.@macklemore and @ryanlewis sit down with a hotshot record exec (@paulscheer) to talk about getting signed:
if a teenager skateboards, and his friend doesn't film it, did he actually skateboard at all? (via @burkosays)
innocent until proven guilty, unless chris brown was involved in which case come on that seems pretty open and shut.
dick tracy dresses like a pimp named big bird.
today's the last day to get a "sb xlvii: full house vs. the wire" shirt shipped before the super bowl! go get it, dude:
the 15 funniest crimes ever committed in florida:
play an interactive game of quizzed in the face w/ @billyeichner! it's the most fun you'll have all day:
links! the best dave chappelle sketches, the puppy bowl and more:
we're filming a "pete and pete" reunion in san francisco! here's the cast w/ director @ferniecommaalex:
we printed a limited run of "sb xlvii: full house vs. the wire" shirts for next week's big game! catch the action:
2013 is almost 1/12 over. bet you feel pretty silly for thinking fractions would never matter in adult life.
do you like robots, violence and @andrewwk? then you're going to love this video:
realistic coachella 2013 poster:
mr. @billyeichner plays a lightning round in this clip from tonight's new billy on the street. watch it @ 10/9c on fuse
#ff @eugcordero invented pants but doesn't feel the need to bring it up in every conversation.
homemade mechanical bull turns out to not be a good idea after all:
inspired by michelle obama, it looks like everybody in the world is now getting bangs:
a few gifs of what obama turned around to look at after the inauguration: 
meet the man (@mrhoratiosanz) who is the new tour de france champion since lance armstrong was stripped of his medals:
rain = free car wash
we got the audio from beyonce's mic at the inauguration. here's what she really sounded like:
we're turning our most popular tweets into shirts! check out this one that reveals the third rule of fight club:
everybody lip-syncs to beyonce, but only beyonce is good enough to do it for the president.
ms. @jillianrosereed (mtv's "awkward") embarks on a mystical journey. this video might blow your mind:
this cat finds out the hard way that you can't jump through a mirror:
these photobombs were the best part of the inauguration:
roe v. wade turns 40 today. you'd think the anti-abortion crowd would consider that too old to throw out.
a 12-year-old's guide to understanding women:
marcy (@juliettelewis) just doesn't know when to stop wishing people a happy new year:
watch @therealdratch run the world's first julia roberts obstacle course in this new clip from billy on the street!
super bowl xlvii: full house vs. the wire
manti te'o's "catfish" trailer has arrived:
tig notaro answers 5 burning questions in the latest issue of the occasional! download it today for ipad and iphone:
enjoying everyone's tweets from #sundance. it sounds like comic-con, but for nerds.
in a dramatic turn of events, kim and kanye's unborn baby has escaped in a stolen car and is making a run for it:
watch @billyeichner play his latest favorite game. new billy on the street w/ @therealdratch tonight at 10/9c on fuse!
manti te'o's new eharmony ad is almost too good to be true:
watch these bloopers from @juddapatow's "this is 40" because it's friday and you deserve to not be doing any work:
#ff @samgrittner rick rubin's hairstylist.
well played, @deadspin. this is how you respond to a compliment from donald trump:
we shot a video today w/ @paulscheer, @macklemore and @ryanlewis! coming soon to a computer near you.
stay for the credits after zero dark thirty. there's a fake trailer for "weekend at bernie's 3" starring bin laden's corpse.
thanks for sending us this pile of candy, @redvines! breakfast of champions.
this new nra ad calls obama an elitist hypocrite for having the secret service protect his daughters w/ guns:
manti te'o will meet even faker girls once he's an nfl millionaire. (via @schindizzle)
"kroll show" premieres on comedy central tonight at 10:30pm. watch it to support @nickkroll's drug habit and the jewish control of the media.
a statement from manti te'o addressing the news of his fake girlfriend:
16 more signs improved by hilarious graffiti:
obama unveils plan to cut gun violence and keep kids safe. nra counters w/ plan to talk shit like a drunk vagrant wandering an abandoned zoo.
a vacation to the beautiful whispering pines campground reveals a sinister secret:
the delightful @juliettelewis visited the office to make a luau lunch for us! it was delicious.
got an onion ring in an order of french fries. thanks, obama?
20 other shocking revelations lance armstrong made to oprah:
if you like shows about rich, 20-something girls in ny, you're going to love this new show about those girls in la:
everything you need to know about the flu:
lance armstrong sends a powerful message to the kids of america: don't do drugs and cheat unless you want to be rich and go on oprah.
jodie foster should start a podcast.
al roker stopped by the office over the weekend to meet the whole team!
@mageeerin1 send us a dm with your mailing info so we can send you your prize. thanks!
the best pics and gifs from the golden globes:
thanks for all the rts! @mageeerin1 won the giant tweet signed by will ferrell! come back soon for more free stuff.
links! will ferrell and ryan gosling sell knives, conan talks to jack white and more:
jon glaser (delocated) takes you on a tour of the different seasons in ny in this back issue of the occasional:
if tom hanks starred in all the oscar nominated films:
having cats is like having ghosts that you have to feed. (via @bazecraze)
this is why @sethmacfarlane shouldn't check twitter while he hosts the oscars:
someone who rts wins this giant fod tweet signed by will ferrell! happy 5 million twitter followers!
#ff rt @terribletown: when i said all you need is love, i forgot about toilet paper. - john lennon
how do you improve a classic painting? by adding bill murray, of course:
#ff @almadrigal funny on the daily.
robby uses craigslist to throw himself a very interesting party:
tarantino should threaten to only speak in an australian accent forever if django loses any category. guaranteed landslide victory.
28 easy ways to instantly feel better about your life:
jamie kennedy's new year's eve broadcast on kdoc is the biggest fail of 2013 so far:
if you only watch one comedian-filled webseries about an apartment complex this year, make it this one:
this cat used to have the best name ever:
sweatpants in public are the best way to let the world know you don't give a shit today.
we reached 5 million followers on twitter! will ferrell made this video to congratulate us:
takeo ischi is probably the best chicken yodeler you've ever heard:
the multi-talented @maudeapatow does a few kardashian impressions in this deleted scene from "this is 40"
this couple's ocd has gotten a little bit out of hand:
when life gives you lemonade, add vodka.
7 reasons why rick moranis needs to make a comeback:
mr. singh is stopped by @billyeichner to play a game of quizzed in the face. he might be our favorite contestant ever:
the truth behind the 12 craziest rock myths and legends:
.@courteneycox and the cast of @cougartowntbs are having a lot of fun on set. also a lot of wine:
forever glue is the only super glue on the market that promises to never, ever break its hold:
america! all new episode of billy on the street in 10 min on @fusetv! watch it or risk being culturally irrelevant
#ff @nickkroll bottle service enthusiast.
.@billyeichner plays a quick round of amateur speed sketching. new ep of billy on the street tonight at 10/9c on fuse!
13 movies you should look forward to in 2013:
#ff @michaelianblack words you should be reading.
do you like @fred_willard, lizzy caplan and @eugenemirman? then you should watch this video immediately:
this is just a good video of jay-z's sister videobombing the news:
bobby bottleservice (@nickkroll) interviews a prospective singer (@chelseavperetti) to add to his musical empire:
15 vanity plates that should not exist (but we're glad do):
there will be days when you accomplish great things, and then there will be days when you eat french fries for breakfast.
les biz - "look down" (an epic hollywood parody)
cat interrupts the local spanish weather report on live tv:
will ferrell plays a game of "would drew barrymore like that?" w/ @billyeichner in this clip from billy on the street:
now that we avoided the fiscal cliff, let's tackle the big issue: we still have to wait 6 months for new breaking bad.
10 celebrity new year's resolutions for 2013:
happy new year! if you're drinking don't drive, and if you're driving drop your windows and blast prince. your passengers want to dance.
thank you, kim and kanye, for giving everyone something to talk about tomorrow during awkward gaps in party conversation.
#ff @therealstanlee happy 90th birthday, stan lee!
big shout out to all the pot dealers willing to accept the sears gift card your grandma got you for christmas.
merry christmas! it really is the best: presents, family, food and realizing you don't have to deal w/ any more holiday bullshit for a year.
hey, football fans! @lenovo is giving away an unreal prize pack that includes a free trip to super bowl xlviii
a fantasy football coach flies out to protect chicago bears rb @mattforte22 before a big game:
some guys need chain wallets because theyre so badass their wallet is afraid of them and will try to run away. (via @robdelaney)
those commercials for ciroc where @iamdiddy parties with @aaronpaul_8 feel like a weird fever dream.
east coast! will ferrell guest stars on a new billy on the street in 10 min on @fusetv! watch it or risk cultural irrelevance!
new world news brings you the latest news, weather and events for the post-apocalyptic united states:
will ferrell faces off w/ @billyeichner in a new billy on the street tonight at 10/9c on fuse! here's a sneak peek:
charles barkley reunites the dream team for christmas in this video from the latest issue of the occasional:
two co-workers compete to throw the biggest party of all time to celebrate the end of the world:
#ff @brittanysnow the most annoying christmas caroler of all time.
are you a fan of the hebrew hammer? then help fund the sequel: the hebrew hammer vs. hitler
worried about the world ending tomorrow? @ghostpanther explains how to prepare for the mayan apocalypse:
michael bolton hides out in a cabin with some folk singers after his fast-lane lifestyle catches up with him:
it's the @gorburger christmas show! @andrewwk stops by to chat and there's a very festive performance from @intanetz:
18 images that defined 2012:
we got a ton of fod sweatbands to give away in 2013! someone who rts this wins one!
washington redskins qb @rgiii gets some unsolicited coaching from a fan who has him on his fantasy team:
follow us on pinterest! it's a land of puppies, koalas and other heartwarming visual stimuli:
what you might wish for if santa claus was one of these celebrities:
marnie tethers (@brittanysnow) might be the most annoying christmas caroler of all time:
thanks for all the rts! @rastro88 is the winner of today's @beatsbydre headphones. come back soon for more free stuff!
billy on the street ad in times square! watch a new ep fri @ 10/9c on fuse w/ special guest will ferrell!
this commercial director has a hard time with his cast:
maybe don't put any of your eggs in a basket because what kind of sociopath goes around putting eggs in baskets?
this is just a great video of two baby monkeys hugging each other:
going to a kenny g concert must feel like being on hold for two hours. (via @schindizzle)
the folks at @buzzfeed picked our west wing video as one of the best reunions of 2012!
links! awesome holiday sweaters, conan's favorite sketch and more:
the 16 funniest memes of 2012:
triumph the insult comic dog visits the set of "this is 40"
bohemian rhapsody makes a surprise appearance on the local weather report:
here's what happened behind the scenes when the pope sent his first tweet:
a girl breaks up with her iphone 3gs over text messages:
this is pretty cool. @teamcoco is re-creating a full episode of conan from fan submitted clips:
google maps is back on the iphone!!! do you know what that means?!? it means we're all still struggling to find some meaning in this life.
the best news bloopers of 2012:
holy shit! one of the cameramen got a #gorburger tattoo on his leg!
josh homme and jesse hughes from eagles of death metal hanging out with jack black and @gorburger:
do you like spoofs? do you also like goofs? and dares?!? then you're gonna love this playlist of spoofs, goofs and dares:
things don't go so well when @catpower sings songs to a classroom full of children:
thanks for all the rts! @kkarbasian won yesterday's talking ted bear. come back soon for more free stuff!
remember when rap lyrics actually had a message? like how you could get with this or you could get with that?
check out elena, one of the funniest #billyonthestreet contestants ever, get quizzed in the face by @billyeichner:
the 11 funniest autocorrrect texts of 2012:
charles barkley is on the new cover of the occasional! download our interactive magazine for ipad and iphone today:
this is just a good video of a cat fighting its reflection in a mirror:
it's humbling to know a monkey wearing a coat in ikea has touched the world more than you ever will.
shocking footage from a @krishumphries home video has leaked online:
straight girls respond to lesbians who responded to straight guys who responded to gay guys will marry your girlfriend:
fiscal cliff would be a pretty good name for a german death metal band.
check out the new red band trailer for @juddapatow's "this is 40"
the ikea monkey may be the best news story of 2012:
links! bill murray gets tasered, the best of @juddapatow and more:
hey, dudes in their 40s still riding skateboards, congrats?! (via @nickkroll)
#ff @rachaellcook and @mpg etsy enthusiasts.
hey! you! yeah, you. the bored person. go watch this playlist of fod classics presented by coke zero:
hey guys-its @billyeichner. thanks for all the great questions! watch funny or die's #billyonthestreet tonight at 10/9c on @fusetv!!!
@hugeredskinsfan tom bergeron.
@gretchenraine are you referring to the leads on hot in cleveland?
@juliekruse_ 7.
@henleychase watch the movie the help - its all in there.
@dallas0982 fuck yeah!
@jamesdseals yeah, thats all kinds of cool. i also love duck dynasty.
@clemencydoyle it is me. i host a game show on fuse tv called billy on the street. go to
@dallas0982 gabourey.
@amandacasey1998 hopefully next year! jan or feb..
@strictlydicktly neither. just a napkin.
@plumcrazyyy yes. i was talking about biggie a lot and i was wearing white.
@jamesdseals yes. i am made of goobers and my dick is a starburst.
@thetonyharris you mean rupert everett from my best friend's wedding?
@kellermarilyn no, its a hotel. i'm having a sex party here!
@jamesdseals i am a large felt puppet and i'm vegan.
@jgardea87 cloud atlas.
@gmccarthywriter fuck eggs.
@khguthrie i do. its a lot of responsibility but i can handle it and its worth it cause i love this town.
@tweetgrubes i do. i like eating glass and paint.
@tweetgrubes i expect a lot of golden globe nominations for les miserables.
@hugeredskinsfan nancy reagan.
@sportsgeyser no comment.
@bbrrrrr22 i would love to date an extremely short version of myself. really small. the smaller the better.
@dwings85 the bed is perfectly made you sick fuck!
@leanegerber teeth.
@jp91091 yes would love it! i do a guest voice on bob's burgers this season!
@henleychase yes! i am a shortstop.
@codyblurr repeat i guess.
@panther6prime78 i would like to, yes. looks great.
@chrisjdonoghue gyllenhaals.
@tweetgrubes patricia heaton.
@tbvickroy yes.
@petershutup i love pizza! some kinds of pizza are kosher i think. i'm not sure. ask a good jew like barbra streisand or henry winkler.
@ivanmedranoath vagina that looks like dick, please. thanks so much for this great question.
@juliecollins14 i am not, i am jimmy smits.
keep tweeting questions for billy eichner @funnyordie and read all of his answers here:
@mark_steinberg_ meryl fucking streep!
@mrjoshuacomic all day, every day!
billy eichner has taken over our twitter! tweet questions for him @funnyordie right now and he might just answer.
the best christmas family portrait of 2012:
#ff @billyeichner billy's taking over our twitter acct at 1pm pst to talk to you and answer your questions! so get ready for that.
this adorable cat is also a pretty sick dj:
7 signs of the apocalypse:
david copperfield sent us a box of fairytale brownies from his island in the bahamas.
mr. @billyeichner is answering your questions on reddit right now! ask him stuff, he'll probably respond:
kaiser permanente's ceo (@bobbalaban) starts doing santa fe thursdays at the office:
don't trust anybody who owns a working printer.
mr. @andy_richter teaches you all about impending financial doom with fiscal cliff 101:
million dollar idea: netflix instant, but for sandwiches
40 of the best 'walking dead' memes from season 3:
"hero" is a word used a lot these days, so let's not use it to describe this drunk lady photobombing a news reporter:
mr. @billyeichner and @bravoandy backstage at the #billyonthestreet season 2 premiere.
outside of the #billyonthestreet season 2 premiere party happening right now in nyc w/ @billyeichner!
every time somebody tweets "your an idiot" an irony angel gets its wings. (via @alyankovic)
etsy is run by a maniacal queen named ellie (@rachaellcook) and fbi agent michael peck (@mpg) is here to stop her:
new ad for trojan's fire and ice condoms lets you know how not weird or terrible their product is:
have you ever realized you're way too high to be at the supermarket only to realize you're actually at office depot?
conan's @deoncole demonstrates how the new ultimate tbs app for @windows will give you a serious comedy workout:
kate middleton is pregnant and the pope joined twitter. truly a huge day for shit that won't impact your life at all.
a glimpse into the most important business meeting of all time:
links! the new beverly hills cop, the best of richard pryor and more:
time for a serious tweet. please support @miketyson in his quest to help homeless kids. go to
#ff @matthewperry and @brettgelman one of them has been in over 30 funny or die videos. the other one is brett gelman.
8 minor characters the new 'boy meets world' needs to bring back:
#ff @jtramsey supremely funny in real life, online and probably as a ghost too one day.
in the thrilling conclusion to the series, captain planet (@iamdoncheadle) is croc peterson in a new action movie:
general petraeus' sex tape has leaked online. viewer discretion advised:
10 portraits ruined by the mirror:
it's safe to say this will be the last year the cast of dallas invites patrick duffy to join secret santa:
owen (@owenburke) and tj (a cell phone case salesman voiced by @ghostpanther) tackle current events in their new podcast:
this is a powerful video!! @matthewperry has a spiritual awakening and encourages people to not watch "go on"
has science explained how mario lopez looks younger now than he did on saved by the bell?
the facebook sales team deals with the legal copy writing everyone has been posting:
getting anyone to show up anywhere is as simple as offering free pizza.
captain planet (@iamdoncheadle) stops by the environmental protection organization and has a heart to heart with ma-ti:
this dog is not a fan of going for a walk at all:
the best gifs from captain planet 2:
will ferrell's old milwaukee super bowl ad is nominated for best commercial of 2012! vote for it here:
6 things chris brown has time for since he quit twitter:
if jimi hendrix was alive, he'd be 70 years old today. if the ocean was dry, it would be land. hypotheticals are a great use of your time.
taxi expert @nickthune gives valuable advice on catching a cab when you're in a jam:
one of our writers @ferniecommaalex wrote some spectacular "homeland" fan fiction:
complaining about facebook on facebook has got to be one of the dumbest ways to spend your time on the internet. that's saying a lot.
slow-witted conspiracy theorist convinced government behind nasa
see who osn picks to come away with victory in today's nfl week 14 games:
this week's top slideshow: 51 blank slides
editorial cartoon: 'the most one-derful time of the year'
in local news: man confidently hits 'send' on worst job application company has ever seen
this week's top video: bloomberg defends nypds controversial stop and kiss program
this week's top story: deformed freak born without penis
every parents worst nightmare is losing a child to gorchul, the dark sorcerer of time | commentary:
inconsiderate woman on bus eating live tuna
in focus: police baffled by bottle-shaped paper bag
here are @onionsports nfl week 14 picks:
oh, god, i can smell it from here.
poll shows majority of americans would watch something called 'love trap'
"you cant say, 'that could never happen to my child,' because you know it can."
every parents worst nightmare is losing a child to gorchul, the dark sorcerer of time | commentary:
from the archives: nation's soccer fan becoming insufferable
"to put it bluntly, i could see myself fantasizing about having sex with this person."
new attractive person comes to nations attention
ea releases alternate madden 25 cover featuring brett favres penis
[american voices] lawsuit seeks human rights for chimps
in focus: dental hygienist sick of being lied to
grisly remains of 15 hobbits discovered in peter jackson's attic
slow-witted conspiracy theorist convinced government behind nasa
new google streep view to provide panoramic imagery of meryl streep
in focus: unemployed scientists prove dog likes beer
[american voices] nsa tracking locations of millions of cell phones
nelson mandela becomes first politician to be missed
breaking: grisly remains of 15 hobbits discovered in peter jacksons attic
"neil armstrong and buzz aldrin were on the governments payroll. all astronauts are."  34-year-old dullard
slow-witted conspiracy theorist convinced government behind nasa
this is my favorite time of year because im sexually aroused by toy soldier makeup | commentary:
new google streep view to provide panoramic imagery of meryl streep
generous military sends $800 in disability to man who wakes up screaming every night
photo: mitch mcconnell inflates throat pouch in show of dominance over fellow congressional males
statshot: top-selling parenting books
[american voices] i usually just go by what kind of genitalia they have.
in focus | report: more colleges offering dick-around abroad programs
yesterday's top story: employee slowly realizes boss attempting to have normal conversation with her
pretty obvious which sibling going to have to deal with all the nursing home stuff
pathetic hands subject to man's every whim
report: everyone starting new exciting stage of life except you
red lobster welcomes back defrosted shrimp days
[american voices] sure, plastic gunswhat else did they ban? phasers and electro-rifles?
pretty obvious which sibling going to have to deal with all the nursing home stuff
in focus: telemarketing industry celebrates first sale
pathetic hands subject to mans every whim
this organism is an evolutionary fluke, a subspecies of humanoid with little or nothing to add to society.
biologist completes 5-minute study of pathetic organism in mirror
nypd victim: you dont see them kissing any pretty white ladies out here.
"it took me a solid five minutes to figure out what was going on. i pretty much just stared at him."
employee slowly realizes boss attempting to have normal conversation with her
report: everyone starting new exciting stage of life except you
onion poll: do you trust the mainstream media?
red lobster welcomes back defrosted shrimp days
in focus: model railroading a harsh mistress
yesterday's top story: cool guy from middle school still sporting phat pair of jncos
cool guy from middle school still sporting phat pair of jncos
bloomberg defends nypds controversial stop and kiss program
fantasy football teams are a family. and like any family, you want to win for your dad. on #toughseason:
stunned st. peter's square crowd overhears pope francis getting bitched out by god
this utterly disfigured creature has somehow made its way through life with no male genitalia
deformed freak born without penis
exclusive: cell phone video captures nypd officers kissing minorities
cool guy from middle school still sporting phat pair of jncos
report: fritz a fine name for a boy
"whoahe just told the pope to either get your shit together or take a walk."
from the archives | report: detroit bankruptcy might transform city into some kind of hellish, depopulated wasteland
you'll soon possess the courage of 10 men, and the sexually transmitted diseases of about 50 | horoscopes:
office smelled like fire for 3 hopeful seconds | more local news:
it's playoff time on #toughseason. fantasy football coaches must shed the oily, scaly skin of a loser and win
in focus: early-morning jogger pities everyone still sleeping
yesterday's top story: man confidently hits 'send' on worst job application company has ever seen
halloweiner frankfest 2013 poster now relic of time long gone
bizarre sci-fi novel posits world where natives inhabited america before europeans
insane man gets a little perspective by reminding himself that he is god
51 blank slides
man confidently hits 'send' on worst job application company has ever seen
"thousands of businesses across the nation are covering for organized rings of moneymakers."
halloweiner frankfest 2013 poster now relic of time long gone
[american voices] thirty minutes is too long. i need my duckman dvd now.
bizarre sci-fi novel posits world where natives inhabited america before europeans
insane man gets a little perspective by reminding himself that he is god
[onion store] fill the void in your soul with merchandise. save 20% on everything with #cybermonday code onion20off
what if we put mandms on top? would they eat that? doritos exec wonders out loud
man confidently hits send on worst job application company has ever seen
editorial cartoon: 'the most one-derful time of the year'
did you know that the average american consumer will spend $25 on elf poison this christmas? a breakdown:
the week in pictures
[american voices] cyber monday sales projected to top records
in focus: bankrupt motivational speaker adds word 'failure' to his vocabulary
hurtling through the sky in a steel coffin is like gambling with your life. how to regain the illusion of control:
this week's top slideshow: 10 photos of plus-size models we deserve a pat on the back for running
this week last year: kim jong-un named the onion's sexiest man alive for 2012
in local news: individuals unaware they constitute area mans support network
this week's top video: faa issues holiday reminder that planes can crash and kill you
monaco teen doesnt want to fall into townie life of being billionaire race-car-driving playboy
this week's top story: school teacher not about to risk her life for derek
kid says 'i pick dad' 2 seconds into child custody hearing | more local news:
study: major shift in media landscape occurs every 6 seconds
in focus: reporter investigates claims he ruined his family's thanksgiving dinner
[onion store] a black friday without trampled retail workers? use the code giftcard25 for 25% off gift cards today
lunch rebuilds friendship ruined at last lunch | more local news:
in focus: twister party fails to get dirty
yesterday's top story: infertile aunt doing it up big at kids table
the onion's comprehensive guide to thanksgiving
infertile aunt doing it up big at kids table
photo: unclear whether grandpa having good time
pope francis canonizes single turkey in annual vatican tradition
hundreds of detroit-area families buy thanksgiving turkeys for nick fairley | more sports news:
11 steps for cooking a perfect thanksgiving turkey
[american voices] nation celebrates thanksgiving
here are the onions tips for traveling over the holidays:
individuals unaware they constitute area mans support network
school teacher not about to risk her life for derek
faa alert: "all turbulence, strange noises could mean your plane will crash and kill you."
total nerd actually owns his own computer
statshot: what's our family's thanksgiving tradition?
dad keeps sons plaster handprint right on desk from which he fires people | more local news:
[american voices]  just further proof that the northern hemisphere is the best.
individuals unaware they constitute area mans support network
the onions tips for traveling over the holidays:
"i have a husband and children. im not going to sacrifice that for someone who carves the word faggot into desks"
school teacher not about to risk her life for derek
travel alert: prepare to die
not me. im not falling into that trap.
monaco teen doesnt want to fall into townie life of being billionaire race-car-driving playboy
total nerd actually owns his own computer
total nerd actually owns his own computer
what's our family's thanksgiving tradition?
in focus: area man saddened to realize short jewish women with an interest in theater his type
yesterday's top story: archaeologists discover site where desperate jesus christ turned tricks
archaeologists discover site where desperate jesus christ turned tricks
are you flying this holiday season? read the faa's suggestions for smart traveling
thanksgiving by the numbers
british royal family sadly announces death of prince charming
[american voices] its a good thing i weigh all my women before intercourse.
faa: this year, there will be more flights than ever, and any one could blow up without warning.
faa issues holiday reminder that planes can crash and kill you
10 photos of plus-size models we deserve a pat on the back for running
#sponsored: from our partner mt @gillette: behold, the revolutionary mustache recognition phone
"why do you always fall for the married, gay, single, straight, alive, dead, extant, or extra-dimensional guys?!"
did you know that the average pilgrim man fathered 4 mestizo children? | thanksgiving by the numbers:
"some of christ's earliest followers were clients, actually."
archaeologists discover site where desperate jesus christ turned tricks
did you know that 200 american kids drown in gravy each year? | thanksgiving by the numbers:
thanksgiving by the numbers
british royal family sadly announces death of prince charming
nation has to sell lake house
an agonizing and seemingly endless disemboweling will soon show you exactly what you're made of | horoscopes:
[american voices] travel is usually my favorite part of the holidays, but not this year!
'the onion' vows to carry on iran's nuclear weapons program until the job is done
frustrated iranian scientist forced to shut down project he spent 12 goddamn years of his life on
factory-farm-to-table restaurant proudly serves locally tortured animals
winter storm threatens homeless mans plans to survive over thanksgiving
hundreds killed in brutal pro-somethinganti-something clash
onion store: each day brings us closer to death. on the bright side it also unveils a page in the onion desk calendar
the onion vows to carry on irans nuclear weapons program until the job is done
[american voices] im disgusted iran would negotiate with a guy who killed his own soldiers on that swift boat.
sports poll: will derrick rose come back from another season-ending knee injury?
frustrated iranian scientist forced to shut down project he spent 12 goddamn years of his life on
novel dedicated to parents as if that could begin to make amends | more entertainment news:
"meat just tastes better when you know it came from a living creature that could barely walk."
"i guess with this weather you cant really plan to not die, you know?"
winter storm threatens homeless mans plans to survive over thanksgiving
all of the onion's @youtube subscribers will be given a complimentary 500 shares of google. subscribe today!
hundreds killed in brutal pro-somethinganti-something clash
the week in pictures
week in review: u.s. continues dependence on foreign toil
[american voices] looks like i owe that weird nut guy at work an apology.
in focus: professor sees parallels between things, other things
osn predicts a concussed wes welker will make a levelheaded, emotionally detached decision to play tonight
in local news: attractive woman surprised to learn coworker a dick
surely it's some kind of cruel joke that we only get to see either the giants or cowboys win this week | more picks:
microwave plays 3/4 of beethoven's fifth symphony theme | more local news:
when your fantasy football team is out of the playoffs, do you give up or dig deep and get it done?
see who osn picks to come away with victory in today's nfl week 12 games:
300-pound man wearing rubber dog mask turns hospital pager off before entering stadium | more sports news:
editorial cartoon: 'a shore thing'
in this week's local news: siblings gather around powerpoint to hash out off-limits topics for thanksgiving
ohio state crowd quiets down as marching band forms pentagram
the week in sports  week of november 23, 2013
this week's top video: the onion reviews 'the hunger games: catching fire'
this week's top story: buddhist extremist cell vows to unleash tranquility on west
yesterday's top story: area man can remember exactly where he was, what he was doing when he assassinated jfk
secretary of transportation worried hes not living up to legacy of claude s. brinegar
new report finds global warming caused by 7 billion key individuals
here are the plot points of the 'it's a wonderful life' sequel that have stirred controversy:
area man can remember exactly where he was, what he was doing when he assassinated john f. kennedy
[onion store] surrender to your coffee addiction with our thematically appropriate drugs win drug war mug
[american voices] have the words airplane mode lost all meaning?
secretary of transportation worried hes not living up to legacy of claude s. brinegar
helpless typhoon articles cling to life on edge of reader's consciousness
the onion reviews 'the hunger games: catching fire'
new report finds climate change caused by 7 billion key individuals
"my parents will be lucky if theyre able to pay this off while theyre still in their 70s."
playstation 4 vs. xbox one | a side-by-side comparison of the two new systems
#toughseason takes a gritty look at the world of fantasy football and the people that matter most: the coaches
here are the plot points of the controversial 'it's a wonderful life' sequel:
area man can remember exactly where he was, what he was doing when he assassinated john f. kennedy
weekend magazine: we tell you straight up how much jessica lange weighs
xbox one capable of controlling users with simple voice commands
in focus: assistant manager accused of sexual indiscrimination
yesterday's top story: parents finally cave and buy 33-year-old son playstation 1
man was himself for 27 minutes today
attractive woman surprised to learn coworker a dick
inventor of gromdar determined to put a gromdar in every american home
siblings gather around powerpoint to hash out off-limits topics for thanksgiving
"i didnt betray my authentic self during the cumulative six minutes i spent urinating today."
man was himself for 27 minutes today
"i know its something daniel really wanted, so we finally figured, why not?"
'the hunger games: catching fire': a film that suffers from the crucial flaw of not having enough hot boys
the onion reviews 'the hunger games: catching fire'
kindergarten class burning through 6 hamsters a year
"the people most skeptical of owning a gromdar will be the ones who wont be able to put their gromdars down."
inventor of gromdar determined to put a gromdar in every american home
thanksgiving's just a week away. here are 11 steps for cooking the perfect turkey:
siblings gather around powerpoint to hash out off-limits topics for thanksgiving
#sponsored: it's in moments like these when a coach's character is defined. on #toughseason:
17% of poll respondents just highlighted: "she's my cherry pie / cool drink of water, such a sweet surprise"
[american voices] that hopping smiley face should be ashamed of itself.
in focus: family-style restaurant offers accusations, belittlement with entree selections 
columnist getting all self-righteous about rape epidemic in college sports
report: employers created 40,000 new jobs for existing employees last month
friend whos going through difficult emotional time carefully avoided
white house announces sasha obama to now be played by britney walkins
[american voices] why do these hip-hop conservatives always have to be such stereotypes?
passenger assures flight attendant he has opened emergency exit dozens of times before
you have been warned.  buddhist extremist
11 steps for cooking a perfect thanksgiving turkey
"we will stop at nothing to unleash a firestorm of empathy and true selflessness upon the west."  buddhist extremist
buddhist extremist cell vows to unleash tranquility on west
report: employers created 40,000 new jobs for existing employees last month
columnist getting all self-righteous about rape epidemic in college sports
friend whos going through difficult emotional time carefully avoided
"im really excited about the opportunity to take sasha obama in a new direction."
white house announces sasha obama to now be played by britney walkins
white house sources say the president is still enmeshed in the digital fabric of
in focus: man who shit pants in grade school awarded purple heart
study: american intestinal bacteria most obese in world
terrified obama trapped inside
christina aguilera tour canceled due to fan exhaustion
this first time area man hearing about daughter dating george zimmerman
on the 150th anniversary of abraham lincoln's gettysburg address, here are the speech's most used words and phrases:
[american voices] george zimmerman arrested for domestic violence
american intestinal microorganisms tend to be severely overweight compared to international averages."
study: american intestinal bacteria most obese in world
terrified obama trapped inside
after production on the series shut down, we pretty much just switched to killing horses full-time."
"its supposed to be a fun little diversion, you know?"  29-year-old woman with rapidly plummeting self-esteem
at a certain point, aguileras fans just couldnt take it anymore.
breaking: pop star's tour canceled due to fan exhaustion
"how in the world was i supposed to know she was talking about george fucking zimmerman?"
on the 150th anniversary of abraham lincoln's gettysburg address, here are the speech's most used words and phrases:
onion poll: do you believe same-sex couples should be allowed to marry?
"yes, even someone like dean cain doesnt raise so much as an eyebrow in this big crazy town."  dean cain
i like living in l.a. because people dont act weird when they see me on the street | commentary by dean cain:
luck producers still killing a lot of horses
how should women avoid sexual harassment at work?
the stars tried, but somehow, you've been left more or less in control of your own destiny this week | horoscopes:
[american voices] spicy chips are, and have always been, a tough mans food.
in focus: local trailer park shatters no stereotypes
report: 92% of divorced parents get back together if children ask enough times
new england patriots now using drones to take out offensive threats
cancer researchers: 'don't get cancer'
open floor plan increases office shooters productivity by 95%
on your first day, find a coworker you can openly humiliate | more tips for succeeding as a woman in the workplace:
[american voices] they should be talking about real issues that affect wyoming, like fish and game.
"9 times out of 10, parents will get back together and stay together if their children ask or beg them to do so."
report: 92% of divorced parents get back together if children ask enough times
if i could do it all over again, i would not have gotten cancer.
"i would like to add that i am also currently reading and thoroughly enjoying this article." - actress meryl streep
report: kanye west, bill gates, tom hanks all currently reading, enjoying this article
"even the ceo sits out here with everyone else, so i can just pop over and shoot him, no problem."
man doesnt need to have fun to drink | more local news:
here are some options facebook is considering to retain its existing users and win back those who have defected:
avoid sexual harassment by dousing your personal belongings in a man's urine | more tips for women in the workplace:
the week in pictures:
editorial cartoon: a shore thing
jack palance still dead at 87
in focus: mild sexual harassment ignored to save the hassle
playstation 4 vs. xbox one | a side-by-side comparison of the two new systems
wife lovingly preparing meal with knife that will one day be states exhibit a | more local news:
see who osn picks to come away with victory in today's nfl week 11 games: 
sunday nfl countdown crew gives some dumb fucking demonstration on fake field
this week last year: intern just happens to be beautiful 22-year-old woman
in local news: least popular guy at house party really hitting it off with dog
ted cruzs wife shudders after noticing twin beds pushed together | more news in politics:
from the archives: most children not in favor of child healthcare
this week's top video: area man lacks star power necessary to carry major motion picture
the week in sports  week of november 16, 2013
this week's top story: man smoking e-cigarette must be futuristic bounty hunter
independent bookstore puts the dave eggers right where the fuckers can find them
r.e.m.s children still hoping parents will get back together
week in review: seasons turn gracefully from the one that kills old people to the one that kills homeless people
man who drinks 5 diet cokes a day hoping doctors working on cure for whatever he's getting
area woman thinking about doing that thing where shes mean to other women she meets for no reason
houghton mifflin harcourt releases new leather-bound copy of philip roth
weekend magazine: could this one woman in a business suit change the way all women everywhere are treated?
area man condemned to life sentience | more local news:
onion sports nfl week 11 picks
r.e.m.s children still hoping parents will get back together
seasons turn gracefully from the one that kills old people to the one that kills homeless people
grown man who owns bane action figure has love to give
"by the time the chronic ailment im currently developing progresses, a team of researchers will have found a cure."
man who drinks 5 diet cokes per day hoping doctors working on cure for whatever hes getting
"i might just go ahead and make a couple women whom i dont know feel very uncomfortable by silently judging them."
washington redskins ease tensions with native americans by adding bottle of booze to logo
playstation 4 vs. xbox one | a side-by-side comparison of the two new systems:
houghton mifflin harcourt releases new leather-bound philip roth
[american voices] california town on sale on craigslist for $225k
in focus: area mom freaking out for no reason again
it almost as if rite aid cashier doesn't care about reputation of rite aid corporation
how the president plans to fix obamacare
scientists theorize sun could support fire-based life
area man lacks star power necessary to carry major motion picture
siblings patiently waiting for day theyll be close to each other
console wars heat up as zenith unveils gamespace pro
nfl players worried increased media scrutiny could disrupt locker room bdsm culture
[american voices] study: women less likely to climax during casual sex
it almost as if rite aid cashier doesn't care about reputation of rite aid corporation
we can no longer feel anything resembling human emotion. heres another piece of sponsored content
changing website background to blue | more of the president's plans to fix obamacare:
how the president plans to fix obamacare
scientists theorize sun could support fire-based life
alarming mri shows peyton manning has been dead for past 6 months
"directing the award-winning saga of a new york gangsters rise and fall and surfing are two very different things."
im sorry but at this school we dont promote someone to head surf instructor just because they directed goodfellas
siblings patiently waiting for day theyll be close to each other
zenith's new gamespace pro will launch with cris collinsworths pigskin 2013 and survival-horror thriller inzomnia
console wars heat up as zenith unveils gamespace pro
statshot: the most popular diets of 2013
"the last thing we need is some nosy journalist watching us drip hot candle wax on each others moaning bodies."
nfl players worried increased media scrutiny could disrupt locker room bdsm culture
in focus: man from canada acts like he's not cold
least popular guy at house party really hitting it off with dog
man just going to assume apartment has functional carbon monoxide detector somewhere
cowardly refugee running away from problems
breaking: intruders detected in zone 17
t.g.i. fridays bankrupt after spending billions on priceless americana
least popular guy at house party really hitting it off with dog
"id probably still be able to see or at least smell any carbon monoxide that got in here, so im not too worried.
man just going to assume apartment has functional carbon monoxide detector somewhere
its been really bad so far. one of the worst shows ive caught in a while, actually."
man catches bad television show going around office
is it easier to just ignore all your problemslike ethnic cleansing and homelessnessand hope they go away? sure.
breaking: intruders detected in zone 17
in focus: community devastated by sight of old man struggling to walk up steps
"buying game-used, babe ruthautographed baseball bats to display in all 900 locations was probably a mistake.
in focus: man required to wear tie decides it might as well be wacky
[american voices] "my dogs a lying, cheating sack of shit."
in focus: hummingbird back at feeder again, grandmother reports
as retailers plan to open earlier than ever this thanksgiving, here are some of the deals they've unveiled for 2013:
man smoking e-cigarette must be futuristic bounty hunter
mariana trench once again named worst place to raise child
dad hoping raccoons hurry up and eat halloween pumpkins in next few days | more local news:
"he cant just be some weirdo because then why would the school let him teach kids?"
male substitute teacher with ponytail cloaked in mystery
"weve been joined by every american citizen and theyre all taking off their clothes. - president obama
obama has that sex dream about nation again
jujube still stuck in teeth from premiere of last action hero | more entertainment news:
his name is probably something like nitror or chronox"
man smoking e-cigarette must be futuristic bounty hunter
"in all categories, the mariana trench consistently got our lowest marks as a good place to start a family."
report: some people live in pennsylvania
in focus: compliment of pants sounds suspiciously like intent to steal them
#sponsored: read the onion's special coverage on 'men's health,' brought to you by gillette:
[american voices] im throwing my current phone in the garbage right away!
in focus: gap forced to recall pants after man dies eating 37 pairs of corduroys
this is just one of the dozens of people taken from their homes and killed by andie macdowell:
espn searching for a few loud-mouthed fucks for new afternoon program
ncis to cease print edition
how climate change will affect you
[american voices] this is exactly the kind of thing that causes people to lose trust in whats printed on flyers.
#sponsored: read the onion's special coverage on 'beer,' brought to you by shiner white wing:
shuttle bus driver a man of few intelligible words | more local news:
ncis to cease print edition
espn searching for a few loud-mouthed fucks for new afternoon program
"im going to need you to hold the presidents arms because hes probably going to start flailing around pretty bad."
from the archives: world war ii veteran allowed to kill one last german
#sponsored: read the onion's special coverage on 'sex,' brought to you by skyn condoms:
#sponsored: read the onion's special coverage on 'sex,' brought to you by skyn condoms:
slideshow: 10 celebrities you never knew were abducted and murdered by andie macdowell
onion poll: do you plan to sign up for obamacare?
editorial cartoon: a grave development
biden frantically hitting up cabinet members for clean piss
heres how global warming will affect daily life if major action is not taken:
the week in pictures:
[american voices] it was foolish of us to think we ever had a chance against the jellyfish.
in focus: book given as gift actually read
report: slow-motion replay of any nfl hit fucking horrifying | more nfl news:
kashi explorer exits collapsing mayan temple with legendary eighth whole grain | more world news:
this week's top slideshow: 6 startling before and after photos of meth users
#spon: the waiver wire: is it the first stop on the way to an inspirational fantasy football comeback?
this week last year: man who eats at dunkin' donuts every morning and enjoys the 'saw' films allowed to vote
editorial cartoon: 'golden jeers'
in business news: shameless coworker doing nothing to conceal clearly flaccid penis lying beneath khakis
area man stubs finger every single time he touches basketball | more sports news:
in entertainment news: new documentary reveals seaworld forced orca whales to perform nude
this week's top video: hollywood's biggest stars rally to save their children
slideshow: the week in sports  week of november 9, 2013
in local news: local teen walks in on family masturbating
this week's top story: kidnapped teen freed, though freedom is its own kind of prison, is it not?
in sports: mobile quarterback era not a thing
report: american people lead world in compressing big sandwiches so theyre bitable
nfl scout hoping players hometown friend big killah wont be liability
woman always dreamed of opening her own sparsely attended dance studio
onion sports nfl week ten picks:
[american voices] mouth sad.
in focus: area gym class prepares for mandatory exposure of penises to peers
report: american people lead world in compressing big sandwiches so theyre bitable
"its like a fairytale.
photo: barbershop pole finally runs out
in focus: print dead at 1,803
weekend magazine: neckerchiefs: the story of how they never became a $2 billion-a-year industry
in focus: twister party fails to get dirty
rival dojo in for big surprise at regionals
grievances brought up with powerless supervisor
report: nation secretly hoping dads die first
1982: despite losing, the bengals go through with their parade | more highlights of sports victory parades:
hollywood's biggest stars rally to save their children
statshot: where do we see ourselves in 5 years?
#spon: it takes a real fantasy football coach to look a player in the eye and give it to him straight
giant burrito to solve all of area mans problems for 6 precious minutes
[american voices] report: yasser arafat poisoned with polonium
weve incorporated a very interesting new technique. sensei has taught us well.
rival dojo in for big surprise at regionals
"i didnt think this was possible, but you looked past my sexual preference and age and accepted me for who i am."
high school elects gay 45-year-old homecoming king for first time in school history
grievances brought up with powerless supervisor
will smith: its too late for jaden, but not for others like him.
celebs rally for good cause with 'save our children' campaign
aaagh! get out of here, goddammit! - local teen's masturbating parents, sister, two brothers, grandmother, and aunt
statshot: where do we see ourselves in 5 years?
"that's perfect"  man removing wallet to pay for 7-inch-long, 5-inch-wide temporary solution to all of his problems
giant burrito to solve all of area mans problems for 6 precious minutes
[american voices] i dont think were ready for a superhero from new jersey.
in focus: journey of self-discovery leads man to realization he doesn't care
who is chris christie? the onion breaks down all you need to know:
nation not about to start giving a shit about canadian politics
the onion is proud to announce 2013's most powerful person in the world
hillary clinton quietly asks bill if he still finds her electable
"over here on your right is philadelphia."
newly naturalized citizens taken around u.s. for orientation
this is what carl looks like today. shocking, yes, but just remember: meth did this
slideshow: 6 startling before and after photos of meth users
in focus: man unable to wear nice clothes without everyone asking questions
"he could have been having sex with an underage boy during a parliament meeting and i still wouldnt give a shit."
nation not about to start giving a shit about canadian politics
the onion believes that the worlds most powerful person of 2013 cannot, in fact, be killed
the onion is proud to announce 2013's most powerful person in the world
hillary clinton quietly asks bill if he still finds her electable
onion poll: do you approve of the nsa spying on citizens?
[american voices] "i continue to get off on every photo of congress i can get my hands on."
breaking: authorities currently racing down highway to arrest you for crime you didnt commit | run!
here are the onion's tips for fall fashion:
youll never work in this town again! | commentary by by dave bing, mayor of detroit
kidnapped teen freed, though freedom is its own kind of prison, is it not?
from the archives: new law would ban marriages between people who don't love each other
dhs warns u.s. in danger of another eagles reunion album
[american voices] scientists: at least 8.8 billion habitable planets in galaxy
these police cruisers will be at your location in mere minutes. youve got to move now, reader. now.
breaking: authorities currently racing down highway to arrest you for crime you didnt commit | run!
youll never work in this town again! | commentary by dave bing, mayor of detroit
trying to find that perfect fall color to flatter your skin tone? send a naked photo of yourself here:
"ive yet to find that one iconic, unforgettable character."  paul hogan
here are the onion's tips for staying stylish this fall:
though she's no longer held in physical confinement, jessica paulsen, 15, remains prisoner to the agony of existence
kidnapped teen freed, though freedom is its own kind of prison, is it not?
you'll finally become one with nature, thanks to a simple process known only as disintegration | horoscopes:
in focus: shitty human being blames decreased daylight this time
[american voices] ive been flossing since 1993. im going to live forever!
new documentary reveals seaworld forced orca whales to perform nude
financially ruined executive still piecing life back together 2 years after occupy movement
advice to enjoy being young came out way sadder than intended
shameless coworker doing nothing to conceal clearly flaccid penis lying beneath khakis
in focus: man purchasing pair of red pants better be ready to put up or shut up
"the days of outrageous greed and excess on wall street all seems like a dream now. some strange, crazy dream.
"they were forced to perform humiliating tricks entirely in the buff."
new documentary reveals seaworld forced orca whales to perform nude
enjoy all the freedom you have now because you can never go back.
#sponsored: read the onion's special coverage on 'men's health,' brought to you by gillette:
[american voices] those will taste great in my holiday butter dip.
his flaccid genitals were practically staring us all in the face."
here are this week's nfl winners and losers:
in focus: cia realizes it's been using black highlighters all these years
here are some republican alternatives to obamacare:
the week in pictures:
editorial cartoon: golden jeers
moms head rotates demonically after passing sign for antique wicker furniture
top weekend story: guy wearing texans jersey mercilessly abused by fans at reliant stadium
guy wearing texans jersey mercilessly abused by fans at reliant stadium
in local news: woman builds ironclad case proving mila kunis looks bad without makeup
running back who will spend next 30 years in pain dinged up | more nfl news:
from the archives: rex ryan, rob ryan announce that they are brothers who kiss each other on the lips
week in review: faa shocked they made lead story of this week's onion review
this week last year: misinformed man riding out storm in bathtub filled with batteries
in local news: 27-year-old lies about every single aspect of his life to keep parents from worrying
editorial cartoon: 'pillaging our hearts'
in entertainment news: justin timberlake tells jessica biel no one will believe her
this week's top video: the onion looks back at 'the shining'
from the archives: 80 percent of roommates got so drunk last night
this week's top story: girlfriend to stay underneath blanket for next 5 months
adorn your bookshelf with our national book award for encyclopedias winner, the onion book of known knowledge:
pilot thanks passengers for flying delta just before plane explodes into a million pieces over atlantic | more news:
see @larryfitzgerald, @mattforte22 and more on the onion's groundbreaking documentary series, #toughseason
nabisco snack physicists develop highly unstable quadriscuits
area woman almost imagines taste of peppermint mocha on tongue but stops herself
[american voices] nice to see the people whose job it is to protect me loosening up a bit.
#sponsored: read the onion's special coverage on 'men's health,' brought to you by gillette:
high school quarterback gives girlfriend his mouthguard to wear in class | more local news:
buy the only book officially sanctioned by the national item-purchasers association, now available in paperback:
in focus: first openly gay racehorse to compete sunday
report: what college recruiter currently doing to be subject of huge ncaa investigation in 5 years
"such an irresistibly tasty breakthrough could upend everything we thought we knew about snacking."
nabisco snack physicists develop highly unstable quadriscuits
from the archives: how to get your son to remove his halloween costume
area woman almost imagines taste of peppermint mocha on tongue but stops herself
here are some of the weirdest game finishes in sports history:
weekend magazine: are we leaving our children far enough behind to ensure they never take our jobs?
in focus: bus rider clutching head in pain completely ignored
harrison ford begs agents to just let him die now
seventh-grade biology class grossed out at having to dissect horse
the onion looks back at 'the shining'
nbc cancels piven after 5 seasons
boss came to work today dressed as guy who fires sean
[american voices] rand paul accused of plagiarizing speech from wikipedia
buy the onion book of known knowledge, winner of
photo: couple dressed as mario and luigi drunkenly making out on couch
"until you see one pinned on your lab table, you dont realize how gross its going to be."
seventh-grade biology class grossed out at having to dissect horse
"i just want to close my eyes and never wake up."  harrison ford
what ever happened to the actor who played danny torrance from 'the shining?'
the onion looks back at 'the shining'
from the archives: trick-or-treaters to be subject to random bag searches
nbc cancels piven after 5 seasons
boss came to work today dressed as guy who fires sean
whether youre a deadocrat or a corpservative, you are assured a ghoulishly good time."
in focus: the onion's halloween safety tips
statshot: what are we doing after we finish masturbating?
"were the fuckin champs, baby! boston strong! yankees suck! woo!"
[american voices] once they come out of the womb, theyre not my problem anymore.
from the archives: the word 'spooktacular' used to mean something in this country
red sox fan dedicates garbage can hes lighting on fire to marathon victims
suburban mom wows family with most androgynous look yet
fun-loving, laid-back woman with a bit of a nerdy side joins online dating service
justin timberlake tells jessica biel no one will believe her
some guy at bar lived in san francisco for a summer and liked it a lot
"if i didnt know her, it would take me a while to guess what kind of genitals she had."
roommate protective services rescues helpless 22-year-old from squalid apartment
in focus: tips for decorating your home for halloween
"this facility will feature a 450-seat auditorium that dwarfs the nearby clayton media centers 350-seat auditorium."
college unveils new media center every month
[american voices] people always seem to find a way to complain about any little thing that makes their face burn.
#sponsored: read the onion's special coverage on 'men's fashion,' brought to you by dsw:
suburban mom wows family with most androgynous look yet
fun-loving, laid-back woman with a bit of a nerdy side joins online dating service
"if it comes down to you versus me, who do you think theyll believe?" - justin timberlake to his wife jessica biel
justin timberlake tells jessica biel no one will believe her
oh, you talking about san francisco?" - some guy at a bar who lived in san francisco for a summer
some guy at bar lived in san francisco for a summer and liked it a lot
"we had to get him out of there.
nfl to add second team in jacksonville
[amercian voices] i knew this day was coming. the cyber war has begun!
blake griffin caught plagiarizing dunks
mom leaks out another divorce detail during drive to sat prep class
im kind of ocd about always serving white customers first | commentary:
27-year-old lies about every single aspect of his life to keep parents from worrying
sports journalist told to write some slop about baseball healing boston
report: someone probably masturbating to this stock photo right now
girlfriend to stay underneath blanket for next 5 months
the onion book of known knowledge sold 9.4 billion hardcover copies. today, its out in paperback. buy yours now:
everythings good here.  first of three dozen flat-out lies to parents in 18-minute conversation
"we hadnt been speaking for three months. your father is a very difficult man. anyway, have a good time!"
"i have this thing where after i bus any minorities plates, i wash my hands a dozen times in scalding water."
im kind of ocd about always serving white customers first | commentary:
27-year-old lies about every single aspect of his life to keep parents from worrying
if you believed some websites still had the integrity not to shill for sponsors, youre as dumb as we thought
report: someone probably masturbating to this stock photo right now
"i shall remain underneath this blanket for the next 150 days." - area girlfriend 
photo: pumpkin clearly had finger in it
you will be fired this week from your job at staples just for taking home a bunch of office supplies | horoscopes:
keep print publishing afloat for one more miserable year. buy the onion book of known knowledge in paperback today:
in focus: public urinator gives passerby dirty look
dads been on a parenting kick lately
woman builds ironclad case proving mila kunis looks bad without makeup
today particularly rough day for east village junkie transvestite
nations pedophiles march on washington, d.c. elementary school
how congress plans to boost its approval rating
best falafel in western montana kind of a hollow victory | more local news:
[american voices] it must be nice to have someone care what you say.
"hes going through a little nurturing-his-children phase or something.
poll zone: what should the nfl do about all the injuries?
"you need teamwork for that, and thankfully, thats what we had today. - modest, catabolic enzyme
enzyme humbled to have played part in successful biochemical reaction
woman builds ironclad case proving mila kunis looks bad without makeup
hope rests on the thinnest of ice drifting like sand through an extra-fast hourglass on #toughseason:
"were looking at a real motherfucker of a day for me."
here are this week's nfl winners and losers:
look, were just going for a stroll, okay? were allowed to be here."
nations pedophiles march on washington, d.c. elementary school
heres how the nations lawmakers are attempting to boost their dismal approval ratings:
the week in pictures:
"im so busy dwelling on the dilemmas that come up in the office i barely have time to stress over problems at home.
[american voices] it seems like a waste, but my dog insists on going as something different every year.
in focus: swaggering down 87%
packers warm up by rolling around on field clutching knees
week in review: white house thrilled with record number of people who thought they signed up for healthcare
in focus: haggar physicists develop 'quantum slacks'
shirtless overweight drunk guy at nfl game probably somebodys fan | more nfl news:
fan pissed 15-yard penalty called on hit that resulted in player being carted off field on stretcher
this week's top slideshow | who said it? kanye west or an instruction manual for a cuisinart electric rice cooker
onion sports shares its definitive picks for all of today's nfl games:
this week last year: trump announces he's a very sad man
editorial cartoon: 'how fur-low can you go?'
tears get into pizza bagel | more local news:
this week's top video: ceo worked way up from son of ceo
this week's top slideshow: flashback! 8 mind-blowing photos of jessica alba before she was famous
watch the onion's review of the critically acclaimed film '12 years a slave'
this week's top story: new, improved obamacare program released on 35 floppy disks
piano keys not involved in the entertainer noticeably dustier | more music news:
slideshow: who said it? kanye west or an instruction manual for a cuisinart electric rice cooker
man still trying to find right work-anxiety, life-anxiety balance
calligraphy pens, carpets play supporting roles in new wes anderson film
nasa: we will have a mass shooting on the moon by 2055
[american voices] the north korean people must be so proud and hungry.
jonbent ramsey google alert finally paying off | more news:
i wish i had time to freak out about both my job and personal life without feeling like im neglecting the other"
weekend magazine: who is the crimson blazer?
white house thrilled with record number of people who thought they signed up for healthcare
i can assure you that it is not a matter of if, but when.
slideshow: who said it? kanye west or an instruction manual for a cuisinart electric rice cooker
"we've vastly expanded our mental health services, part of our plan to make the school better than ever!
alumni magazine tiptoeing around campus shooting
new wes anderson movie reunites all-star group of objects
in focus: overweight college student announces plans to wear shorts, sandals for rest of year
"when youre in your twenties, a man, anglo-saxon, and able-bodied the world seems like a magical place, doesnt it?"
vegetarian option just iceberg lettuce on bread
[american voices] "i'd be freaking out until i reminded myself the safest form of travel is helium balloon rides."
in focus: rude guy unfortunately says something funny
nra calls for teachers to keep loaded gun pointed at class for entire school day
panicked newborn didnt realize breathing would be on apgar test
ceo worked way up from son of ceo
eric clapton wows audience with even slower version of layla
red sox organization asks stephen king to leave glove made of human flesh at home | more major league baseball news:
from the archives: finding masculine halloween costumes for your effeminate son
in focus: area man institutes t-shirt purchase freeze
the only way to ensure safety in our schools is to make sure teachers hold fully loaded firearms at students."
nra calls for teachers to keep loaded gun pointed at class for entire school day
photo: horrifying doll sitting on neighbor's porch whether it's halloween or not
ceo worked way up from son of ceo
"the average gorilla-costume-wearing individual shares an estimated 100 percent of a human beings genetic code."
eric clapton wows audience with even slower version of layla
study: 1 in 3 wheelchair-bound americans formerly played in nfl
statshot: how are we raising breast cancer awareness?
in focus: area white complains about quality of shower massage heads
breaking: drunk teen going 100 mph down slick highway is invincible
report:
5-year-old reluctantly lets crying mom sleep in his bed again
nation valiantly makes it 14 seconds before muting world series broadcast | more mlb news:
here's what the st. louis cardinals and boston red sox each must do to win the 22nd most important title in sports:
family braces as autistic son discovers amtrak's train tracker web page
#sponsored: read the onion's special coverage on 'men's fashion,' brought to you by dsw:
[american voices] "ive pretty much done everything i wanted to."
"drink deep of love, you young, amorous, entitled, and racially favored men!"
commentary | ah, to be young, rich, white, male, college educated, straight, and in love
heed the impulses in your cerebral cortex. initiating command sequence 41c9. click link:
breaking: drunk teen going 100 mph down slick highway is invincible
every second of every day, tens of thousands of visitors click on one of its pages.
report:
obama announces start of annual d.c. spooktacular
"theres nothing to be afraid of, mom. you were just having a bad night."
5-year-old reluctantly lets crying mom sleep in his bed again
police investigate reports of local gay man being dragged behind boat
family braces as autistic son discovers amtraks track a train web page
dead grandfather still talking about ebbets field
[american voices] "its very important to wash the breasts after preparing other foods on them."
in focus: area male extroverted
weird man begins every morning by dousing his naked body in water
here's how apple is planning to revive its innovative image:
you meet the most interesting people kicking open random bathroom stalls | commentary:
the hit 2005 film 'the internship' is out on dvd today. consult the onion before you buy:
gop announces plan to go after obamacare
[american voices] poll: 63% of americans want boehner out of office
weird man begins every morning by dousing his naked body in water
flashback! 8 mind-blowing photos of jessica alba before she was famous
"despite our cultural differences, people in bathroom stalls that ive kicked open are pretty much the same."
you meet the most interesting people kicking open random bathroom stalls | commentary:
"the gloves are coming off.  house majority leader eric cantor
gop announces plan to go after obamacare
here's how #apple plans to revive its innovative image
after days of grave and anxious discussion, the stars have decided that it's better you don't know | horoscopes:
[american voices] fan has $100k of surgery to look like justin bieber
in focus: report: some americans may not work in offices
new, improved obamacare program released on 35 floppy disks
mom breaks into sons apartment at night to administer 2013 flu vaccine
new study finds human beings were never meant to wake up from sleep
she sends me notes and stuff telling me that my boobs are weird and that boys think im ugly and gross."
anne hathaway tormented by 14-year-old bully
redskins kike owner refuses to change teams offensive name
"finding the right health care option is as easy as loading 35 floppy disks sequentially into your disk drive."
new, improved obamacare program released on 35 floppy disks
mom breaks into sons apartment at night to administer 2013 flu vaccine
tim duncan urges teammates to be patient with frequent-flyer miles
study shows most cases of incest involve family member
after spending three or four weeks lying comfortably in bed, humans were meant to just slide directly into death."
editorial cartoon: how fur-low can you go?
the week in pictures:
johnson and johnson introduces new leave-in q-tips
in focus: is area man going to finish those fries?
will the #broncos give peyton manning a win as he returns to his spawning ground and releases his milt? | our pick:
internet rocked by blogger with sarcastic sensibility
in local news: family watches in silence as dad checks out waitress
onion sports breaks down the most storied rivalries in the athletic world:
this week's top slideshow: 10 sandwiches that look like british novelist martin amis
onion sports picks the winners of all of today's nfl week seven games:
this week last year: america ends love affair with mckayla maroney after finding out shes 16
editorial cartoon: 'smoothie operators'
in local news: child sees no reason why iron man costume can't be worn to grandfather's funeral
in politics: heroic broken sewage pipe floods congress with human waste
this week's top video: the onion reviews '12 years a slave'
this week's top story: blood-soaked mayor bloomberg announces homelessness no longer a problem in new york city
woman summons strength to lift car off son for half a second | more local news:
hbo announces game of thrones not coming back this weekend
god reveals he occasionally eats humans
the onion reviews '12 years a slave'
entire office clamoring to be introduced to coworker's parents
onion sports nfl week seven picks
final keystroke catapults mans hand 2 feet into the air | more local news:
#sponsored: are you an impressionable, simpleminded consumer easily swayed by shameless advertising? good!
anonymous source tells reporters that hes tired of being speaker of the house
"sometimes ill catch myself nibbling on a human without realizing it. theyre nice and chewy and bite-size."  god
god reveals he occasionally eats humans
the onion reviews '12 years a slave'
entire office clamoring to be introduced to coworker's parents
weekend magazine: 100 crowded, expensive bars
see this week's onion weekender magazine cover:
onion sports breaks down the greatest sports rivalries:
[american voices] destroying your body with drugs is a marathon, not a sprint.
child sees no reason why iron man costume can't be worn to grandfather's funeral
boehner hoping to remain leader of republican parties
republicans give in right before obamacare would have been repealed
nude biden wakes up on cold slab in d.c. morgue
statshot: biggest fda food recalls
[american voices] it feels great to be out of that crisis and back to just being on the verge of crisis.
boehner hoping to remain leader of republican parties
obama: "if republicans would have just held out a little longer, they would have gotten everything they wanted."
republicans give in right before obamacare would have been repealed
"i bet theyll give me a nickname as a sign of honor. 'its mr. baby deer story himself,' theyll say."
theres going to be a new alpha male in the office when my coworkers hear about the baby deer i saw | commentary:
"after a hassle like this, i really need a nice long night of balls-to-wall partying."  vice president joe biden
this pesto chicken sandwich looks almost exactly like british novelist martin amis:
statshot: biggest fda food recalls
[american voices] did you know moose are great swimmers? sorry, i just read a book.
haunted corn maze owner has another conversation with zombie no. 2 about not touching
report: you live in an embarrassing country
thursday cry moved up to wednesday due to scheduling conflict
muslim man figured trip to mecca would be a lot more life-changing
bruce willis seriously considering doing more films
man points out town where he threw up
[american voices] eating an entire line of oreos also makes you feel super confident.
slideshow: 10 sandwiches that look like british novelist martin amis
"this is a family attraction, and you have to respect that.
"you are the citizen of an humiliating nation wreathed in a miasma of pettiness, sloth, rank stupidity, and failure
report: you live in an embarrassing country
report: you live in an embarrassing country
thursday cry moved up to wednesday due to scheduling conflict
"michele bachmann and steve king had so much fecal matter on them that all you could see were parts of their eyes."
heroic broken sewage pipe floods congress with human waste
muslim man figured trip to mecca would be a lot more life-changing
"ive been in many movies, but im willing to appear in more."  bruce willis
bruce willis seriously considering doing more films
man points out town where he threw up
"there were many candidatesfrom our 2-foot-tall media director to our fact checker, the worlds largest pumpkin"
guinness world records promotes man who can lift 27 pounds with tongue to editor-in-chief
[american voices] if you think about it, arent we all unknowingly living with 20,000 bees?
in focus: ergonomic advisors call for $30 million in federal lumbar support
serial killer thinking of interesting ways to incorporate social media
blood-soaked mayor bloomberg announces homelessness no longer a problem in new york city
college freshman thinking it might be time to break up with his high school teacher                
batter awkwardly joins meeting at mound
in sports: broncos perfect season ends with humiliating win over jaguars
in focus: congress forgets how to pass a law
"all it takes is six seconds for me to snap a persons neck. what else takes six seconds? a vine.
[american voices] "looks like theres a new bad girl on the scene."
"gray-blue eyes that look tired; short, thin brown hair with an m-shaped hairline; slight double chin."
nation could probably draw john boehner from memory at this point
karen and i had a good run, but realistically, how many people go on to marry their high school teacher?
college freshman thinking it might be time to break up with his high school teacher
i fixed the problem. problem solved.
the latest from onion columnist @jeanteasdale:
good players mom really into booster club | more sports news:
wild peals of laughter will burst forth this week when you're unexpectedly struck in the nuts by cancer | horoscopes:
in focus: son-of-a-bitch mouse solves maze researchers spent months building
tea party congressman mick mulvaney reportedly listened and responded to a constituent dressed like this:
religious scholars discover jesus christ delivered by dr. sidney adler
news website refers to users ceaseless exchange of racial slurs as discussion
john boehners wife calls for her shutdown king to come back to bed
internet rocked by blogger with sarcastic sensibility
in focus: area turtle owner enjoys special daily turtle-time
[american voices] so i should stop waking my son up in the middle of the night when i get lonely?
you make a great point, sir"- rep. mulvaney (r-sc) to man wearing thomas jefferson costume complete with tricorn hat
"while many details surrounding the events of jesus birth are still unknown, this is what we know for sure"
religious scholars discover jesus christ delivered by dr. sidney adler
local dad louis munson reportedly first noticed the 23-year-old as she was carrying another tables entrees
"join the discussion by sounding off in our comments section"
news website refers to users ceaseless exchange of racial slurs as discussion
"your wish is my command, sire.  john boehner's wife, deborah
this is a blogger who is showing us what can be done with the medium
internet rocked by blogger with sarcastic sensibility
in focus: mr. autumn man walking down street with cup of coffee, wearing sweater over plaid collared shirt
editorial cartoon: 'smoothie operators'
[week in review] airline pilot begins initial descent into madness
[american voices] nyc restaurant has diners eat in silence
be honest: how much do you enjoy this corporate sponsored content? do you love it? how much do you love it?
real estate listing just words 'granite countertops' | more local news:
michelle obama opens up in marie claire: our sex life has never been more open, more experimental, more generous
this week's top slideshow: 8 unlikely animal friendships
cheerleader smiling at fox cameraman presumably crouched right at her feet | more nfl news:
daryl johnston admits he doesn't feel comfortable being alone in booth with kenny albert
in local news: high school freshman thinks romeo and juliet might just be her favorite play
onion sports picks the winners of all of today's nfl week six games:
this week last year: sasha obama asks father why he was acting like such a pussy during debate
beauty injected skin-deep | more local news:
psychiatrists deeply concerned for 5% of americans who approve of congress
this week's top video: chipmunk's plan for future better crafted than that of 8 out of 10 americans
this week's top story: washington redskins change their name to the d.c. redskins
the onion reviews 'gravity'
bullet dehumanizing | more local news:
white house schedules key shoutings with congressional leaders
high school football coach encourages player to shake off cognitive impairment
airline part of something called 'star alliance'
onion sports predicts the teams that will come away with victory in this weekends nfl matchups:
[american voices] mcdonalds to put books in happy meals
8 unlikely animal friendships
white house schedules key shoutings with congressional leaders
high school football coach encourages player to shake off cognitive impairment
airline part of something called 'star alliance'
wnba finals dominated by minnesota lynxs 8-months pregnant power forward
weekend magazine: we sit down right behind liam neeson and talk about the highs and lows of his career
[american voices] at least now depressed mothers know for sure that everything is their fault.
the onions guide to understanding the debt ceiling crisis
onion sports examines some of the most insulting monikers of sports teams
new pumpkin spice channel to offer fall-themed hardcore pornography
kanye west: i just want to sit down right now and make a real-ass baby.
giants nervous they might actually all be on same page
chipmunk's plan for future better crafted than that of 8 out of 10 americans
man estimates hell die somewhere between playstation 8, 9 | more tech news:
[american voices] "thats not fair to super-straight guys like me with really gay urine."
#sponsored: read the onion's special coverage on 'innovation,' brought to you by @homedepot:
onion sports examines some of the most offensive team names:
new pumpkin spice channel to offer fall-themed hardcore pornography
obamacare helps uninsured americans become blindingly enraged at insurance companies
kanye west confirms he's working on new solo child
"americans would be well served to watch this chipmunk and follow its example."
chipmunk's plan for future better crafted than that of 8 out of 10 americans
thunk u for nobbel prise, me happie now | commentary by alice munro:
in focus: divorced branding exec generates buzz before getting back out there
why are we leaving facebook? | 15% of poll respondents say, "high school friends all dead now"
[american voices] u.s. adults below average in math, literacy, computers
in focus: man dies after secret 4-year battle with gorilla
psychiatrists deeply concerned for 5% of americans who approve of congress
high school freshman thinks romeo and juliet might just be her favorite play
michelle obama opens up in marie claire: our sex life has never been more open, more experimental, more generous
man panics after reaching age where parents prematurely started family
[american voices] perhaps someday all women can be the fed chief.
fucking pathetic john ashbery actually thinks he has shot at nobel prize in literature this year
psychiatrists deeply concerned for 5% of americans who approve of congress
"shakespeare is just such an amazing playwright. hes probably one of the best in history."  maya brown, 15
high school freshman thinks romeo and juliet might just be her favorite play
"sometimes well just do oral, or well only use our hands. anything that breaks the routine."  michelle obama
"pretty soon ill be 30. dad had already left mom when he was 33. id better get a move on."
man panics after reaching age where parents prematurely started family
new guilt-free, super-soldiers capable of witnessing the deaths of 50 squadmates without emotionally cracking
new mother criticized for breastfeeding self in public | more local news:
[american voices] this probably isnt a great time to ask, but i could sure use a loan from the chinese.
in focus: manager achieves full mastery of pointless managerial jargon
congressional aides withholding sex until budget compromise is reached
i wonder if my roommate can hear my girlfriend and me firing civil war cannons | commentary:
fanatically devoted nerd could potentially turn on simon pegg at any moment
glue some googly eyes to a styrofoam coffee cup to make your own creepy coffee creature! | halloween decorating tips:
[american voices] well miss you, tom hanks.
corporate america has again urged us to tug on the strings we have fastened to your feeble marionette body
"until congress figures out a budget deal, sex is off. and that includes oral sex and hand jobs, by the way."
congressional aides withholding sex until budget compromise is reached
its actually really easy to make cobwebs by dying your hair white and ripping it out | halloween decorating tips:
engine harmonized with | more local news:
parents chart child's width on kitchen wall
"im looking forward to having my own place so my girlfriend and i can blast our cannons as much as we want."
fanatically devoted nerd could potentially turn on simon pegg at any moment
dick vitale enthusiastic about latest al-qaeda plot
here are the most notable moments in the walt disney company's 90-year history:
[american voices] these days its impossible to know exactly what youre putting in your body. its very exciting.
in focus: last 12 years a real wake-up call for area man
in focus: last 12 years a real wake-up call for area man
nobel prize in chemistry awarded to taft middle school teacher mr. ambler
poll shows majority of americans cant blame congress for the shutdown, not with those adorable faces they cant
how the government shutdown could end
"you never know when you may have to pointlessly throw away every penny youve got."
#sponsored: read the onion's special coverage on 'innovation,' brought to you by @homedepot:
dad actually yelled at that guy
nobel prize in chemistry awarded to taft middle school teacher mr. ambler
"look at themhuffing and puffing around the capitol building. you cant be angry when your hearts melting."
poll shows majority of americans cant blame congress for the shutdown, not with those adorable faces they cant
how the government shutdown could end
area family putting a little money away to one day blow on single health scare
"so shut the fuck up and listen, mr. president. the guy in charge right now is me and me alone. got it?"
the week in pictures
editorial cartoon: 'executive orders'
space under boardroom table a complex web of feet massaging various genitals
in focus: friendship with homeless man one-sided
bonus track bad | more entertainment news:
week in review: petty, shortsighted americans outraged at legislature that represents them perfectly
packers go with no-cuddle offense
osn predicts the #giants road to 12-4 ends with a loss to the #eagles. more nfl picks:
hostages freed after tense 7-minute standup set
this week's top slideshow | adopt-a-slide: these 10 slides still need a slideshow home
this week last year: you realize that this is going to end very, very badly | by alana honey boo boo thompson
editorial cartoon: 'america's neighbor hoods'
linebacker running after scooping incomplete pass definitely heard whistle 5 seconds ago | more sports news:
what a government shutdown means for you
the week in sports  week of october 5, 2013
the onion reviews 'gravity'
this week's top story: breaking bad ends with reveal that whole series was plot of book marie shoplifted
same slide whistle that saddened man cheers him right back up | more local news:
petty, shortsighted americans outraged at legislature that represents them perfectly
internet not quite done milking cory monteiths death for all it worth
hostages freed after tense 7-minute standup set
whats going on with the government shutdown?
'meat' | commentary by boar's head ceo robert martin:
[american voices] i suppose if theres a silver lining to be found in this, its that it doesnt affect me.
osn shares its expert analysis on the teams that will come away with victory in this weekends nfl week five games:
tea party: "it must be malia. first of birth. first of blood. first of the reckoning."
tea party leaders announce support for deal in exchange for malia obama
petty, shortsighted americans outraged at legislature that represents them perfectly
"dave, the drain in the upstairs bathroom is clogged."  iman, one of the worlds most glamorous women
david bowie asks iman if they should just do lasagna again
creepy statistician starts
"theres still some change in this piggybank and its not going to shake itself out."
internet not quite done milking cory monteiths death for all it worth
hostages freed after tense 7-minute standup set
statshot: whats going on with the government shutdown?
poll zone: who should the cubs hire as manager?
'meat' | commentary by boar's head ceo robert martin
weekend magazine: the flintstones  our weekly look back
[american voices] group shows dna evidence, hd video of bigfoot
the onion reviews 'gravity'
53 worst current buffalo bills players
breaking: daniel throwing his life away, you should call him, he dropped out of wharton, wharton for gods sake
some surefire tips for struggling nfl teams to get their seasons back on track:
[american voices] putin nominated for nobel peace prize
breaking: daniel throwing his life away, you should call him, he dropped out of whartonwharton, for gods sake
'... milton berle, robert redford, michael caine, danny aiello, or bruce dern'
mia farrow: its possible my son was fathered by frank sinatra, mario puzo, george mcgovern, robert altman, anthony perkins...' (cont.)
'gravity' is a movie so visually stunning, it has driven our film critic violently mad
kid not getting in strange van for anything less than king-size bar
here are some surefire tips for struggling nfl teams to get their seasons back on track:
adopt-a-slide: these 10 slides still need a slideshow home
"i want to admit something: ive cried in my office every day for the last month."  @speakerboehner
[statshot] least lucrative college majors
[american voices] report: american jews becoming less religious
u.s. treasury announces bonus financial quarter worth double the cash
'the republican party cannot let obamacare destroy this country' vs. 'help me' | by john boehner and john boehner
1998 university of virginia graduates still taking inspiration from governor jim gilmores commencement speech
i dont know where my navy blue tie issure, maybe thats not important to you, but it is to me | commentary:
[american voices] nbc, cnn cancel hillary clinton movies
tom clancys death hits cincinnati airport hudson news cashier pretty hard
"help me. please, god, help me. ive lost control and i need help."  speaker john boehner
counterpoint: 'help me' by speaker john boehner
point: 'the republican party cannot stand by and let obamacare destroy this country' by speaker john boehner
1998 university of virginia graduates still taking inspiration from governor jim gilmores commencement speech
nation admits there could be a little less porn
"look, no one is forcing you to read this editorial piece, okay? to be honest, i dont really give a shit."
new pro football hall of fame exhibit allows visitors to experience concussion
[american voices] the danger of crashing is what makes texting such a turn-on.
in focus: scientists theorize what would happen if they touched a cloud
government shutdown forces national zoo to turn off panda suicide cam
greatest country in world unable to keep william h. gross stamp gallery open
[american voices] after this stunt, i suspect incumbency rates will plummet to the high 80s.
last thing government worker needed was agency labeling him nonessential
"you mean that newborn baby panda might kill herself and i wont be able to see it live?"
government shutdown forces national zoo to turn off panda suicide cam
greatest country in world unable to keep william h. gross stamp gallery open
how your day-to-day life will be affected under obamacare:
now your medical records can only be seen by you, your doctor, and president obama:
aries: they say that god lives inside each and every one of us. keep digging away until you find him | horoscopes:
your horoscopes  week of october 1, 2013
[american voices] it is true. i, too, suffer from drivers womb.
if you die in the #governmentshutdown, you die for real
here's what the #governmentshutdown means for you:
u.s. on verge of full-scale government hoedown
what a government shutdown means for you
5-year-old figures he has a year left of peeing at urinals with his pants all the way down
"theyve forced us to lift our feet and set them down, swing our honeys go round and round."  sen. harry reid
if you die in the shutdown, you die for real | what a government shutdown means for you:
we see not loyal readerswe see only an advertiser-friendly 18-to-49 demographic. enjoy:
breaking: congressmen walking somewhere | groups of 2, sometimes 3, seen heading down hallways
what a government shutdown means for you
"i figure i might as well keep dropping my pants to the ground to pee while i still can."
onion sports presents its winners and losers from the fourth week of the nfl season:
editorial cartoon: 'america's neighbor hoods'
the week in pictures
insecure man pretending to be someone he's not
[american voices] i cant imagine going through life without being the mayor of at least one deli.
top weekend story: breaking bad ends with reveal that whole series was plot of book marie shoplifted
breaking bad ends with reveal that whole series was plot of book marie shoplifted
gripping to watch walter white battle cancer under the looming spectre of obamacare
"all walt wants is to provide for his family, but the government will not stop getting in his way."
in one hour, amc's story of a small businessman struggling under the obama administration draws to a close
osn predicts the high-octane #eagles will score six tds in a 50-point blowout loss to the #broncos. more nfl picks:
in focus: congress continues debate over whether or not nation should be economically ruined
all of the glory. none of the fame or riches. follow fantasy football on #toughseason:
eli manning will have a long day trying to avoid being crushed by the #giants toppling offensive line. more nfl picks
this week's top slideshow: 7 places you have to go after you die
onion sports picks the winners of all of today's nfl week four games:
53 worst current buffalo bills players
bullied eighth-grader incorrectly thought classmates would leave him alone during field trip to 9/11 memorial
editorial cartoon: 'the war on war'
here is a behind-the-scenes look at the methods and metrics used by u.s. news and world report to rank colleges:
length of relationship mistaken for quality of relationship
which deception is greater: this ad posing as regular content, or not yielding to corporate america?
top video: man who has something seriously wrong with him on a fundamental level leaves that part off okcupid profile
top video: man who has something seriously wrong with him on a fundamental level leaves that part off okcupid profile
onion sports picks the winners of all of tomorrow's nfl week four games:
this week's top story: facebook version of marriage going great
realtor having trouble selling apartment with exposed rick | more business news:
week in review: ted cruz fills few hours of marathon speech with rousing pro-obamacare argument
scientists recommend having earth put down
bullied eighth-grader incorrectly thought classmates would leave him alone during field trip to 9/11 memorial
google employees disappointed 15th anniversary party only has one solar-powered lego drag race reffed by david pogue
10 photos that will make you angry because you are a strange person who gets upset at pictures of wallets
ufc 227 or 183 or some fucking thing happened last weekend
michael jeffreyton wishes screenwriter had given him more believable name
student reporter hits it out of the park with 5 accurate sentences
earth is in a lot of pain, folks. time to think about sending it off peacefully, for its own sake.
scientists recommend having earth put down
[american voices] i still think they shouldve called it larry and sergeys cyber peruser.
"i guess i just figured, you know, theyll just know its not right to mess with someone at ground zero."
bullied eighth-grader incorrectly thought classmates would leave him alone during field trip to 9/11 memorial
google employees disappointed 15th anniversary party only has one solar-powered lego drag race reffed by david pogue
new poll finds americans view death of close relative more favorably than congress
10 photos that will make you angry because you are a strange person who gets upset at pictures of wallets
michael jeffreyton wishes screenwriter had given him more believable name
weekend magazine: pretty balloons 2006-2013
[american voices] i wasnt prepared for college, and look at me now: being asked a question.
man who understands 8% of obamacare vigorously defends it from man who understands 5%
53 worst current buffalo bills players
man who has something seriously wrong with him on a fundamental level leaves that part off okcupid profile
area man determined to make the best of situation comedy
secret agents backs always been a bit hinky ever since he burst through that skylight and landed in fountain
all of the glory. none of the fame or riches. follow fantasy football on #toughseason:
man who understands 8% of obamacare vigorously defends it from man who understands 5%
in focus: dude with knit hat at party calls beer libations
[american voices] i once sat next to mandy patinkin on a flight to chicago. you cant put a price on that.
#sponsored: read the onion's special coverage on 'innovation,' brought to you by @homedepot:
"its hard to imagine this is the same prosecutor who used to bust criminals by chasing them and biting their legs."
district attorney worked way up from police dog
area man determined to make the best of situation comedy
an advertiser thought this sponsored post was a good idea:
man who has something seriously wrong with him on a fundamental level leaves that part off okcupid profile
"how am i supposed to concentrate when this neutrality between us seems to be filling the whole room?"
lack of sexual tension with coworker almost unbearable
the 53 worst current buffalo bills players
statshot: most popular autumn foods
[american voices] 20% of yelp reviews fake
it was a gamble, but it paid off. - 45th president of the united states of america ted cruz
facebook version of marriage going great
worlds insect leaders attend g20,000,000,000 summit
area man worried health care debate might be getting political
how does a fantasy football owner overcome his players' unselfish play? on #toughseason:
"when cruz sang a toby keith song, it was like, okay, a political star is born."
president cruz fondly recalls 21-hour speech that started it all
7 places you have to go after you die
sources say photos such as this prove that the wheelers facebook marriage is stronger than ever:
facebook version of marriage going great
"how does that really help someone who doesnt have access to quality health care actually get health care?"
area man worried health care debate might be getting political
[american voices] cruz won me over at hour 15.
"im the type of person who is up every morning at the crack of dawn, ready to take lives and have sex."
i wish the government would make up its mind who should be killed and who i can have sex with | commentary:
yankees honor derek jeter, retire his number, forcibly remove him from stadium
[american voices] this just makes my husbands death that much more embarrassing.
in focus: new sealy mattress recreates feeling of falling asleep on bus
new netflix gas lets users inhale multiple seasons of tv shows
highlights of obamas speech to the united nation
fantasized argument getting pretty intense
nation sick of looming stuff
[american voices] burger king debuts low-fat satisfries
intricacies of meal plan discussed
"we think this distribution model is going to be the future of how americans watch television."
obama addresses general assembly in flawless english | more highlights from the president's u.n. address:
here are some prominent moments from the presidents speech to the united nations:
"if you believe that what you do is in any way vital, or important, or irreplaceable, then you are out of your mind."
"just let all the horrible impending shit thats going to happen happen so we can get it over with and move on."
nation sick of looming stuff
libra: there won't be a dry eye in the house. that's how tear-jerkingly funny your wedding will be | horoscopes:
cereal commercial completely neglects showing numerous life problems character faces beyond breakfast
your horoscopes  week of september 24, 2013
in focus: burger king introduces new healthy deep-steamed french fries
in focus: new little caesars marketing strategy has employees throw themselves on hoods of passing cars
extremely vibrant town able to sustain two buffalo wild wings
length of relationship mistaken for quality of relationship
computer bolted to desk at new job not a good sign | more local news:
the marriage between hard-hitting journalism and shameless corporate pandering has never been stronger
[american voices] dang. and all this time ive been letting my muscles atrophy for free.
extremely vibrant town able to sustain two buffalo wild wings
#sponsored: is this the fantasy football trade of the century?
dylan mcdermott!!!! | more highlights from last nights emmy awards
in focus: divorced branding exec generates buzz before getting back out there
local father: "it's bullshit."
dad explains obamacare | its bullshit, father says
how u.s. news ranks colleges
length of relationship mistaken for quality of relationship
absolutely disgusting shower curtain liner has another 3 years left in it
editorial cartoon: 'the war on war'
unclear if fountain is the type you're allowed to run around in
[american voices] study: life on earth has 1.75 billion years left
lonely nation gathers outside window of happy family eating dinner together
economic thrill seeker likes to live on edge of poverty | more local news:
area man unsure if he's male bonding or being bullied
hell now a thriving epicenter of gay culture
jim schwartz allowed to coach despite exhibiting concussion-like symptoms
onion sports picks the winners of all of today's nfl week three games:
each of mans white supremacist tattoos tells pretty much the same story | more local news:
in focus: area father must have read some drug-slang brochure or something
week in review: the onion refuses to cover the click bait that is the federal reserve chairman nomination process
report: richard sherman, jim harbaugh 2 most commonly identified members of stanford community | more nfl news:
this week's top story: area man's intelligence probably just too intimidating for most women
the onion refuses to cover the click bait that is the federal reserve chairman nomination process
lonely nation gathers outside window of happy family eating dinner together
weak little man asks for help
the onion looks back at 'jaws'
[american voices] so i cant hate gays but i also cant be gay? whats left?
#sponsored: are you an impressionable consumer easily swayed by shameless advertising? good!
osn shares its expert analysis on the teams that will come away with victory in this weekends nfl week three games:
it can be difficult to keep your feet smooth and moisturized. chop them off. | more skin tips:
here are the onions tips for keeping your skin healthy and beautiful:
towering above the mass unmarked grave of our editorial integrity rises this latest gaudy billboard. enjoy!
a small town police chief manifests his repressed homosexuality in the form of a shark: the onion reviews 'jaws'
weak little man asks for help
the onion's film critic reviews steven spielberg's 1975 classic 'jaws'
photo: police department deploys fancyclothes cop
the best sports movies ever made
weekend magazine | see spectacular fall colors by closing your eyes and pressing on them
in focus: half of 26-year-old's memories nintendo-related
hell now a thriving epicenter of gay culture
what apple users need to know about ios 7
area man's intelligence probably just too intimidating for most women
10 amazing photos of doug bramowski as he slowly realizes his wife is having an affair
here are some of pope francis' plans for modernizing the catholic church:
id say hell is easily the most lgbt-friendly place ive ever lived.
hell now a thriving epicenter of gay culture
features one new pixel | here's what else is new about ios 7:
old faithful brutally beaten to death by group of teens
area man unsure if hes male-bonding or being bullied
i love how this foundation evens out my skin tone without being too heavy.  woman who blasphemes nature daily
poll zone: should the browns have traded trent richardson?
i'm able to speak confidently about a wide range of subjects, so its probably hard for most women to follow.
no gravy train can run forever. it requires fuel made from gravy. on today's #toughseason:
"look, im a sophisticated guy. if you cant get that, then theres nothing i can do for you.
area mans intelligence probably just too intimidating for most women
statshot: lowest-rated businesses on yelp
in focus: new pixar employees required to watch adorable sexual harassment video
liquor commercial featuring dance party on pirate ship also includes important message about responsibility
enjoyment of steve miller bands jungle love last piece of common ground in america
i'm just a free spirit who is entirely financially dependent on others | commentary:
completely unrealistic tv character has complex, multifaceted personality
grandmother shown around retirement home where she will die
photo: freshman dorm kept cool by 870 fans
[american voices] but theres nothing quite like stirring in your cream with the barrel of a .357.
liquor commercial featuring dance party on pirate ship also includes important message about responsibility
obama meets with nations schizophrenic voices to urge less violence
enjoyment of steve miller bands jungle love last piece of common ground in america
"i dont burden myself with a need for fancy things. i just need someone to have those things and let me use them."
completely unrealistic tv character has complex, multifaceted personality
grandmother shown around retirement home where she will die
"a lifetimes worth of scooting over and scooching would equal the distance from the nations capital to orlando."
photo: freshman dorm kept cool by 870 fans
[american voices] not my kids. they suck.
in focus: everyone still remembers time you threw up in 5th grade
desperate nation tries getting on board with mass shootings
teen wastes prime childbearing years going to high school
"tebow has the size, strength, and agility for turf management, snow removal, or lifting 50 pounds of mulch."
12-year-old hispanic boy not sure if hes supposed to be looking up to marco rubio
pope francis reportedly considering denim vestments | more reforms under consideration:
study: zero people have led satisfying lives after altering original career plans, aspirations
today's stockwatch: [redacted]
gta v a sophisticated gaming experience, says man who spent 3 hours running over homeless people with fire truck
visibly distressed citizens nationwide say they now enjoy seeing pictures like this:
[american voices] grand theft auto v released #whatdoyouthink?
"im really enjoying my senior year."  teen who plans to let 48 healthy ova go to waste to obtain a college degree
teen wastes prime childbearing years going to high school
company more like family whose members are desperate to join better family
"its not as if my parents have ever told me, if you work hard, maybe someday you could be the next marco rubio."
12-year-old hispanic boy not sure if hes supposed to be looking up to marco rubio
pope francis plans for modernizing the catholic church
"if you quit to start your own business or pursue some other profession, you will be completely miserable."
study: zero people have led satisfying lives after altering original career plans, aspirations
[american voices] thats nothing. i once bit into a communion wafer with a razor blade in it.
in focus: cnn graphic designer asked to combine dollar sign, syringe, fighter jets, panda
online multiplayer mode where up to 16 players can hold hands | more features of gta v
local applebee's removes photo of underperforming pop warner team
tv showdown pits sleepy hollow debut against hbos ichabod, tnts headless horseman, showtimes cloaked rider
250-pound man sadly in best shape of his life
friend signs off during time spent composing chat message | more local news:
[american voices] when are americans going to finally learn how to properly spot muslims?
character now sometimes steps in gum | more features of gta v':
"truly, these two simple words are capable of wreaking absolute havoc on the human mind."
study finds leading cause of depression hearing words 2016 frontrunners
local applebee's removes photo of underperforming pop warner team
location of newest mass shooting revealed | its a navy yard, authorities confirm
250-pound man sadly in best shape of his life
editorial cartoon: 'trying our patients'
stop sign taking forever to change
[american voices] voyager 1 leaves solar system 
in focus: i'm sorry, but there was almost nothing else we could have done | commentary:
with peyton battling eli this week, onion sports examines what each manning brother must do to win:
osn expects peyton to edge out eli by playing on the better team. more nfl predictions:
in local news: couple thoughtfully puts up wedding website for friends to mock
osn predicts the #bears will easily top the #vikings by relying on the arm of christian ponder. more nfl picks:
onion sports picks the winners of all of today's nfl week two games:
top slideshow: 10 reasons falling for shameless click bait makes you a bad mother
this week last year: number of users who actually enjoy facebook down to 4
nation's math teachers introduce 27 new trig functions | all students must master gamsin, negtan, cosvnx, 24 others
10 places you have to see a football game before you die
this week's top slideshow: 10 jaw-dropping moments from the miley cyrus 'wrecking ball' video
pilot apparently not going to address fact plane just tried to land three times unsuccessfully | more local news:
pilot apparently not going to address fact plane just tried to land three times unsuccessfully

more local news:
slideshow: 10 reasons falling for shameless click bait makes you a bad mother
mother feels violent desire to make front doorway reflect current season
nasa: voyager-1 has officially carried remains of joan crawford outside solar system
department of agriculture locates perfect goat
bold employee just watching videos during meeting
depraved masochist enjoys following the news
bold employee just watching videos during meeting with sound on
[american voices] j.k. rowling writing harry potter spinoff film
we hope you really enjoy this picture of a cronut. your child hates you
nasa: voyager-1 has officially carried remains of joan crawford outside solar system
"son of a bitch, this feels good! i feel alive!
mother feels violent desire to make front doorway reflect current season
the sounds he makes are not too loud and not too soft. they are superb bleats
department of agriculture locates perfect goat
[weekend magazine] julia roberts' final hours
depraved masochist enjoys following the news
[american voices] study: men with smaller gonads are better dads
in focus: hope in students' eyes too much for screenwriting teacher to handle this week
10 jaw-dropping moments from the miley cyrus 'wrecking ball' video
jefferson starship memorial reopens on national mall
report: gap wider than ever between ultra-rich and reality
college freshman honors dead roommates memory by solemnly eating all his food
an area couple was kind enough to post photos such as this for guests to gleefully mock for hours on end:
the onion is seeking an 18-to-35 year old for a job as a sponsored content reader. you will not be compensated.
christ reluctantly enters area man's heart
jefferson starship memorial reopens on national mall
10 jaw-dropping moments from the miley cyrus wrecking ball video
[american voices] first lady urges americans to drink more water
"look, heres a hand-drawn map i can print out in case im physically unable to type directions into google!"
report: some small town enjoying last days of anonymity before harrowing tragedy
college freshman honors dead roommates memory by solemnly eating all his food
heres a frequently asked question: is this website dumb or what?
couple thoughtfully puts up wedding website for friends to mock
[american voices] i just hope those cock-starved coeds are able to find the sustenance they need.
in focus: rich first-grader buys whole sheet of gold stars
rudy giuliani suddenly realizes hes been grinning during entire 9/11 ceremony
americans experiencing slightly different kind of numbness today
billboard alerts drivers to existence of situational comedy starring stand-up comedian jerry seinfeld
mother comes pretty close to using word streaming correctly
"a love for the keebler elves is one of the first things americans pass on to their children."  kelloggs senior vp
marketing department under impression keebler elves a beloved part of american culture
man looking up at tall building thinking about, you know
"when i woke, i felt utterly alone, as always, but there was a little something in the mix this timehorror, maybe?"
americans experiencing slightly different kind of numbness today
billboard alerts drivers to existence of situational comedy starring stand-up comedian jerry seinfeld
mother comes pretty close to using word streaming correctly
"syria would have been a goldmine for us."
lisa hassell and brian morefield were united in marriage saturday in a tacky love-themed wedding | weddings:
in focus: physics teacher's car accident would've made perfect example for class
report: u.s. exported 6 billion tons of crude web content last year
hey, baby, i'm terrified of my looming mortality! | by mike dugan, construction worker
apple unveils panicked, idealess man at launch event
john kerry costs u.s. defense industry $400 billion
john kerry costs u.s. defense industry $400 billion
report: national average now 604
[american voices] hey, i spent a half hour last night reading up on this conflict, so it better not be over now.
poll: what will ndamukong suh do next?
smells like a delicious wafer cookie | more features of the lower-cost iphone 5c:
"cmon, sweet thing, my existential dread aint gonna ameliorate itself!"
hey, baby, im terrified of my looming mortality! | commentary by mike dugan, construction worker:
here are some notable features of the budget-friendly iphone 5c:
lockheed martin ceo: "i swear to god, if this doesnt work out john kerry owes us half a trillion dollars."
john kerry costs u.s. defense industry $400 billion
apple unveils panicked man with no ideas
"i could have at least conducted team-building exercises to encourage more dynamic group interactions. aaarrgghhh!"
manager slits own throat after realizing some members of company not on same page
your horoscopes  week of september 10, 2013
[american voices] scientists discover worlds largest volcano
jon gruden still talking inside espn broadcast booth 45 minutes after end of monday night football
nation's math teachers introduce 27 new trig functions | all students must master gamsin, negtan, cosvnx, 24 others
foreign guy probably dressed very fashionably for wherever hes from
heartless dutch curators put deranged scrawlings of mentally ill suicide victim on full display for world to mock
couple should get dinner with other couple, couple reports
bashar al-assad tries tiny bit of sarin gas on self to see what its like
area mans opinion hasnt been taken seriously by anyone in over a decade
foreign guy probably dressed very fashionably for wherever hes from
the freedom of the press to choose their corporate masters is what makes this country great.
[american voices] iowa issuing gun permits to the blind
heartless dutch curators put deranged scrawlings of mentally ill suicide victim on full display for world to mock
"we are a couple and you are also a couple, so we should go to dinner together as two couples.  local couple
couple should get dinner with other couple, couple reports
bashar al-assad tries tiny bit of sarin gas on self to see what its like
with the first sunday of the nfl season in the books, @onionsports presents its winners and losers from week one:
"pissing onto the floor is, of course, still encouraged, but we wont enforce the rule that every fan must do so."
area mans opinion hasnt been taken seriously by anyone in over a decade
editorial cartoon: 'raking it in'
the week in pictures
[american voices] study: yelling at teens as harmful as hitting
top weekend story: dallas cowboys halftime show features execution of texas prisoner
cowboys fan: "i just wish i were one of the lucky people on the field who got to watch the execution close-up."
in focus: espn sports segment reveals science behind tony romo's shittiness
in local news: man puts glass of water on bedside table in case he needs to make huge mess in middle of night
jaguars game playing on small, muted television in corner of jacksonville sports bar | more nfl coverage:
rex ryan on jets: "this is a 6-10 team, and i expect us to play 6-10 football this year.
patriots use large piece of cork as bulletin board material
rex ryan on jets season: 'anything short of 6-10 is a failure'
osn shares its expert analysis on the teams that will come away with victory in this weekends nfl week one games:
this week's top slideshow: 10 places you have to see a football game before you die
this week last year | obama: 'help us destroy jesus and start a new age of liberal darkness'
week in review: nation throws giant temper tantrum upon learning syria is complex, nuanced issue
in focus: indianapolis announces really embarrassing bid for 2020 summer olympics
ariel castro failed by system
this week's top video | study: average person becomes unhinged psychotic when alone in own house
this week's top story | poll: majority of americans approve of sending congress to syria
man's weekly recycling just boxes of nestle drumsticks
jenn sterger still receiving lewd brett favre texts
week in review: nation throws giant temper tantrum upon learning syria is complex, nuanced issue
new robocop trailer reveals main character to be some sort of robotic policeman
familys horrific 45-minute screaming match ends in consensus to go to macaroni grill
world war ii documentary suffused with anti-nazi undertones
man with life flashing before his eyes excited to see battlestar galactica again | more local news:
new subway promotion to honor subtember 11
person of interest gets away from george zimmerman
nation throws giant temper tantrum upon learning syria is complex, nuanced issue
follow @onionsports as they reveal the nfl's top 10 coaches for 2013
"when they call the third reich brutal,' you wonder if the filmmakers came to this project with a certain agenda."
watch exclusive hidden camera footage of the average person's psychotic routine behind closed doors
weekend magazine: dogs with abs
family quarrel reportedly includes: im fucking sick of this, cheesecake factory is off the table, i hate pasta
familys horrific 45-minute screaming match ends in consensus to go to macaroni grill
world war ii documentary suffused with anti-nazi undertones
[american voices] lego introduces first female scientist figure
in focus: more vegetables evolving chocolate-sauce-filled centers as evolutionary imperative
see why @onionsports named peyton manning their top quarterback of 2013:
target of future drone attack urges american intervention in syria
report: majority of americans approve of sending congress to syria
r.a. has bad feeling about kid in cloak
follow @onionsports starting at 8:30 est for live coverage of tonights ravens-broncos nfl opener and a chance to win a free peyton manning
poll: are you ready for some football?
buying everything hairstylist recommends would cost $8,000
soulless partnerships for corporate gain are what make this little blue rock go round
area man bids tearful farewell to family as nfl season begins
poll: majority of americans approve of sending congress to syria
"its nice to be able to reach and spill water all over my nightstand, comforter, and floor without having to get up"
man puts glass of water on bedside table in case he needs to make huge mess in middle of night
[american voices] great, a new place for phantom vibrations on my body.
this woman knows, as all jogging women know, that her bloody fate is preordained:
nations female joggers know they will one day be assaulted, buried in woods | circle of life, say women
"hes not wearing the cloak in a humorous, quirky way, either. hes clearly dead serious."
r.a. has bad feeling about kid in cloak
wal-mart: in every section of the store, well be cutting customers throats from ear to ear!
buying everything hairstylist recommends would cost $8,000
[statshot] what tattoo are we getting?
"anyone can fold in the face of facts, or listen to a well-reasoned argument. but thats the cowards way out."
on #toughseason: draft day, when nightmare fantasy seasons are birthed screaming into their owners' laps
kindergarten teacher a little afraid of pissing off the big one | more local news:
len hilt, 89, died after a brief illness. he enjoyed brief illnesses and presumably died a contented man | obits:
new skin cream to do something
ariel castro failed by system
assad unable to convince putin that he used chemical weapons on syrians
college-aged female finds unlikely kindred spirit in audrey hepburn
bruce springsteen on fence about playing assads birthday gig
personal trainer has desk
breaking: tim tebow drawing interest from media
"if you have some skin that isnt good you should get this new cream and rub it into the not-good part of the skin."
new skin cream to do something
ariel castro failed by system
putin: "i dont care how many pictures of assad pressing a button labeled chemical weapons launcher assad sends me"
assad unable to convince putin that he used chemical weapons on syrians
royal baby already making new friends
it may seem like an odd thing to say, but i think my favorite actress might be audrey hepburn.  emily delong, 19
college-aged female finds unlikely kindred spirit in audrey hepburn
personal trainer has desk
[american voices] dennis rodman returns to north korea
in focus: roommate, girlfriend never seem to have sex
obama assures americans this will not be another 1456 ottoman siege of belgrade
new study finds americans are living too long
jellyfish falls short of dream to kill diana nyad
god feeling down in dumps after death of grandmother
"im in the mood to feel like complete and utter shit about something i do, eat, purchase, patronize, or support."
the onion's tips for college freshmen
mom loved fruitvale station
obama denies acting on poor intelligence, unlike 15th-century turks who underestimated belgrades peasant army
obama assures americans this will not be another 1456 ottoman siege of belgrade
new study finds americans are living too long
jellyfish falls short of dream to kill diana nyad
coworkers nationwide embrace tearfully after painful 3-day separation
god feeling down in dumps after death of grandmother
follow @onionsports as they reveal the nfl's top 10 cornerbacks for 2013
guy looking to feel horrible about aspect of everyday life decides to watch documentary
the onion's tips for college freshmen
your horoscopes  week of september 3, 2013
[american voices] my annoying platitude about us all being immigrants is even truer than i knew.
in focus: true a.r. bruthas don't take no layba day off | commentary by herbert kornfeld:
in focus: true a.r. bruthas don't take no layba day off | commentary by herbert kornfeld:
area woman blurts out this is a song from twilight before she can stop herself | more local news:
in focus: senate allocates $460 billion for big labor day sales
if martin luther king were alive, he'd be disgusted how hard it is for public figures to quietly cheat on their wives
courtroom artist clearly infatuated with bailiff
editorial cartoon: 'freedom takes a hit'
top 5 best-selling books  week of september 2, 2013
[american voices] men just as likely to be depressed as women
week in review: nation annoyed about having to spend long weekend away from work
this week: obama weighing his syria option
in focus: tim tebow just sitting by himself in darkened florida gators football stadium
man doesn't have anything non-edible to live for | more local news:
this week last year: things that shouldn't be said in modern society to be said at least 1,400 times at rnc
9 inconsistencies in the mysterious disappearance of the countess wellington
this week's top video: ceo has special knack for recognizing great ideas and ruining them
nobody knows what third light switch does
in international news: syria conflict intensifies as bears enter war
"its your move, america."  bashar al-assad
some stupid thing making the rounds among your facebook friends today
top slideshow: 9 things introverts do all the time
in focus: onion sports gazes into its crystal ball to examine the fate of recently cut quarterback tim tebow
this week's top commentary: let me explain why miley cyrus vma performance was our top story this morning
the case for and against intervention in syria
obama throws up right there during syria meeting
bricks goddamned everywhere, reports psychotic study
9 things introverts do all the time
bashar al-assad just had a baby. a baby! | more reasons against intervening in syria:
moral obligation to our defense industry | more reasons for intervening in syria:
the case for and against intervening in syria
nation annoyed about having to spend long weekend away from work
introverts dont have hundreds of close friends. all they need is one:
"then mcdonough mentioned the muslim brotherhood, and the president just puked right on the table."
bricks everywhere. bricks, bricks, bricks, bricks, bricks, bricks, bricks."
bricks goddamned everywhere, reports psychotic study
9 things introverts do all the time
ceo has special knack for recognizing great ideas and ruining them
latest u.n. report shows raider nation at bottom of human development index rankings
weekend magazine | at home with onion weekender graphics director paul tobin
in focus: housemates reject third-roommate debt-relief plan
report: millions of courageous americans overcoming media pressure to be thin
word search on box of frosted mini-wheats fucking impossible
controller rumbles every time a player thinks about suicide | more features of madden 25:
heres the one true way to heaven | commentary by pope francis:
millions of americans have bravely stood their ground and refused to look like this:
join us in raising our goblets to the horned demon of corporate gain. azazel, we give ourselves unto you!
[american voices] end this madness. ive already eaten another human.
sources: unwholesome, sinful union of two incompatible races spotted holding hands in public, somehow oddly endearing
.@onionsports examines the new and innovative features of madden nfl 25:
no matter how much the media glamorizes treating ones body with respect, most americans staunchly refuse."
report: millions of courageous americans overcoming media pressure to be thin
heres the one true way to heaven | commentary by pope francis:
how are we decorating our dorm room?
[american voices] george zimmerman asks florida to pay his legal costs
so whats it going to be? | commentary by bashar assad:
report: now sadly the best time in american history to be black
syria conflict intensifies as bears enter war
study: 25-foot-tall asian women remain underrepresented in media
most used words in the i have a dream speech
nations single men announce plan to change bedsheets by 2019
syria conflict intensifies as bears enter war
"i am incapable of being taught a lesson. got it? i am too far gone. way too far gone."  bashar al-assad
so, whats it going to be? | commentary by bashar al-assad:
report: now sadly the best time in american history to be black
[american voices] if people start being judged by the content of their character, im screwed.
follow @onionsports as they reveal the nfl's top 10 linebackers for 2013
here are the most frequently used words and phrases in martin luther king jr.s 'i have a dream' speech:
watch the onion's groundbreaking new fantasy football series, #toughseason
nation's single men: the earliest we would even consider washing our comforters would be 2035, if ever.
[american voices] its about time we had some food to eat while watching football.
in focus: lie to cover surprise party sounds more fun than surprise party
some stupid thing making the rounds among your facebook friends today
entire nation pitches in to save yosemite  | 'c'mon, gang! this is our park
obama weighing his syria option
9 inconsistencies in the mysterious disappearance of the countess wellington
"and this one? this ones for one of the most glorious, most beautiful creations on gods green earth, yosemite!"
[american voices] i wish i loved what i did as much as the nsa does.
some stupid thing making the rounds among your facebook friends today
experts point to long, glorious history of successful u.s. bombing campaigns
"obama will not act until hes confident in the inexorable decision hes making."
obama weighing his syria option
slideshow: 9 inconsistencies in the mysterious disappearance of the countess wellington
friendly wildfire comes right up to yosemite campers tent | more local news:
lamar odom representative denies basketball player missing | hes in a crack house, agent assures media
[american voices] i cant imagine what itd be like to be a panda. lord knows ive tried.
in focus: quiet guy mistaken for nice guy
person sitting in parked car at 2:00 a.m. probably upstanding member of community
woman who left room crying earlier expects to jump back into party just like that
[american voices] im glad lance bass could make it from space.
"all you are to us, and all you will ever be to us, are eyeballs."  managing editor of
"theres no question in my mind that whatever hes up to here, its totally ethical and legal."
person sitting in parked car at 2:00 a.m. probably upstanding member of community
study: americans enjoy watching tv, eating
"oh, hey guys."  woman somehow thinking she could casually re-enter a party conversation like everything was normal
woman who left room crying earlier expects to jump back into party just like that
nation feels fucking awful for woman who sits between skip bayless, stephen a. smith
editorial cartoon: 'one night standards'
$80,000 wedding beautiful
[american voices] are you trying to convert me to mormonism right now? because its working.
time flies when youre feeding an addiction to internet pornography over which you no longer have any control
in business news: washingtons hobby lobby lobbies to strengthen hobbies
editorial cartoon: 'last disrespects'
this week's top slideshow | before 'one direction': a look back at history
in local news: new desktop folder created for sad little creative project
this week last year: tampa bay gay prostitutes gearing up for flood of closeted republicans
in this week's local news: awkward new international student saw his entire family murdered in the congo
carolina panthers webmaster unable to find one appealing photo for homepage | more nfl news:
this week's top video | study: majority of children lack strong male supermodels
this week's top story: six flags employee sick of talking visitors down from bad acid trips
opening strains of dont stop believing bring surge of caucasians to wedding dancefloor | more local news:
report: last time anyone actually rose to the occasion was 2002
chuck klosterman corners guy at party wearing dio shirt
before one direction: a look back at history
goldman sachs announces theyre blowing up a nursing home and theres nothing anyone can do about it
employee offering suggestion at meeting slowly grows quieter and quieter until eventually squeaking i dont know
dan savage successfully undergoes gay conversion therapy
[weekend magazine] our annual back to school issue
"how is 'macho' being defined? how is it being confined?" -@cklosterman to silent, uncomfortable man
chuck klosterman corners guy at party wearing dio shirt
[american voices] ben affleck to play batman 
"you are all completely powerless to stop us. have a good day and fuck all of you."
goldman sachs announces theyre blowing up a nursing home and theres nothing anyone can do about it
3350 bc: written language develops, leading to the rise of civilization and one direction's "live while we're young"
narrow gaps in bathroom stall doors to be widened monday
grandma pretty much unmoved by threat of not seeing grandchildren
[american voices] pope benedict says god told him to resign
mother surprised son needs so much ammunition for first day of school
new desktop folder created for sad little creative project
obama deeply concerned after syrians gassed to death on white house lawn
poll: 98% of people picture run-down strip mall parking lot when word 'america' said
time flies when you're feeding an addiction to internet pornography over which you no longer have any control
time flies when you're feeding an addiction to internet pornography over which you no longer have any control
failure to click on this sponsored content will result in dire consequences for you and your loved ones
study: people far away from you not actually smaller
mother surprised son needs so much ammunition for first day of school
obama: "the use of chemical weapons on the white house grounds is unacceptable, and i strongly condemn these actions"
obama deeply concerned after syrians gassed to death on white house lawn
16-year-old whose grandmother was hacked apart with machetes called kind of a spaz" by classmates
poll: 98% of people picture run-down strip mall parking lot when word 'america' said
"the percentage of fathers, uncles, and male educators who wax all of their body hair is at an all-time low."
"youve transformed yourself into little more than a pathological collector of gaping orifices and tanned flesh."
18% of poll respondents said they propose moments before ejaculating | how are we proposing?
[statshot] how are we proposing?
new evidence confirms a-rod invented steroids
girl with pink hair browsing iguanas | more local news:
[american voices] scientists create hydrating, hangover-free beer
in focus: mom unaware little note she packed with son's lunch getting him beaten up right now
man working up courage to ask coworker to office dance | i wonder if stacy already has a date to fall ball?
in sports: tony romo notices star on cowboys helmet for first time
study: all of your memories implanted in you 5 minutes ago when universe was created
breaking: middle east conflict not solved today
seemingly mentally ill internet commenter presumably functions in outside world
in focus | report: more recent college graduates making extra money by tutoring high school teachers
sometimes, you get lucky and just get a clear sign:
slideshow: 11 surefire signs
tony romo notices star on cowboys helmet for first time
"everything we remember or know of the past never happened at all."
study: all of your memories implanted in you 5 minutes ago when universe was created
"either invent another facebook or languish in the gutter until you starve to death."
the atrocities once synonymous with the middle east are still very much synonymous with the middle east.
breaking: middle east conflict not solved today
and now, @onionsports top wide receiver for 2013
follow @onionsports as they rank the nfl's top wide receivers: nos. 51
"jesus christ, this man may actually be responsible for the lives of young children."
seemingly mentally ill internet commenter presumably functions in outside world
ford develops new suv that runs purely on gasoline
"whos the cutest little boy in the whole wide world? who wants a tummy scratch?"
point: who wants a belly rub? | counterpoint: i want a belly rub
in focus: 2nd-grade teacher can't believe how much fatter they keep getting
obama family adopts 44-year-old portuguese water man
hobby lobby lobbies to strengthen hobbies | lobby rep robbie stobby: well lobby for hobbies from here to abu dhabi
psychiatrist patiently listens to obama complain about every single american
in sports: andy reid motivates chiefs with inspirational speech about great burrito place
in focus: teacher just hopes they never google him
.@pbs: "bocelli alongside the new york philharmonic is like 12 sawed-off shotguns blowing your goddamn nuts off."
pbs pulling out the fucking big guns tonight with andrea bocelli: one night in central park
elmore leonard, modern prose master, noted for his terse style, and for writing about things succinctly and [cont.]
"well, i say its as bad as if we were under mugabe."  robbie stobby of hobby lobby
hobby lobby lobbies to strengthen hobbies | lobby rep robbie stobby: well lobby for hobbies from here to abu dhabi
breaking: packers fear aaron rodgers fractured shoulder chip
report: employers know within first 5 minutes of job interview whether they will murder applicant
white house sources: obama has suffered from panic attacks, bouts of depression, and is prone to lashing out
psychiatrist patiently listens to obama complain about every single american
adolescent girl reaching age where she starts exploring stepfather's body
your horoscopes  week of august 20, 2013:
[american voices] if a bear tries to swipe your pic-a-nic basket, just let him have it.
political cartoonist not sure how to convey that large sack in senator's hand is full of money
"the female cloaca is not an on/off switch, but a delicate instrument that can be stimulated to blissful results."
san andreas fault feels terrible for what its about to do
crullers explained
well, neighbors just got a pit bull
the onion ranks the nfl's top 10 running backs
editorial cartoon: 'last disrespects'
boss seemed much nicer in job interview | more local news:
[american voices] "any movie that can tap into our nations thriving underground butler culture is sure to be a hit."
political cartoonist not sure how to convey that large sack in senators hand is full of money
researchers discover female frogs prefer mate who knows way around the cloaca
"ill just be honest here, its going to be really bad."  san andreas fault
race. family. martin luther king, jr. government. love. hopes. dreams. | the onion reviews 'the butler'
"constantly having to convince hallucinating customers that they arent going to die is getting a little old."
six flags employee sick of talking visitors down from bad acid trips
crullers explained
follow @onionsports as they rank the nfl's top running backs: nos. 51
sources: neighbor's pit bull can clamp its jaws on a dangling piece of knotted rope and just hang there, snarling
did you know that, on average, $8,000 of your tuition goes to a 'standard wasted money fee?' the full breakdown:
follow @onionsports as they reveal the nfl's top 10 running backs for 2013
here is a breakdown of where your college tuition money goes:
the week in pictures
dog unaware it isn't starving
top weekend story: area teen quickly running out of chances to be first openly gay anything
in focus: thirtysomething scientists unveil doomsday clock of hair loss
dont invite steve | more fantasy draft tips:
flatbread means pizza, man finds self curtly saying to visiting father
this week's top slideshow: 8 of the hottest celebs without their flesh
true hate requited | more local news:
this week last year: coworker with two computer screens not fucking around
rams set tone at training camp by blasting 'the power of positive thinking' on speakers | more nfl news:
top slideshow | 10 crazy optical illusions
this week's top video: colorado boy asks nation not to find his missing little brother
this week's top story: father teaches son how to fly into rage over completely inconsequential bullshit
in focus: earthquake kills 54 rescue workers' weekend plans
hundreds dead in egypts inspiring march toward democracy
david mccullough wondering how much scratch he could shake out of frederick douglass
chinese newlyweds wondering what theyre going to do with all this medicinal bear bile
the onion reviews 'the butler'
ive narrowed my options down to foosball player, driving instructor, and actuary."  area teen and homosexual
area teen quickly running out of chances to be first openly gay anything
[american voices] im certain [redacted] had a good [redacted] for releasing the [redacted] at this time.
'the butler' is the most important movie in the history of the entire goddamn world. see our review here:
"make room in your coffers, simon and schuster. frederick douglass is about to lay a whole lot of golden eggs."
history is important. the white house is important. nixon is important. race is important. oprah winfrey is important
"george, im not an expert or anything, but i have to say it kind of sounds like you murdered someone."
commentary: it says here on your rsum, mr. zimmerman, that you shot a boy?
i wrung roosevelt dry, then stacked paper like a madman with adams and truman.  david mccullough
mila kunis doesnt need an epidermis to turn heads. this perennial sex kitten sizzles in this flesh-free look:
chinese newlyweds wondering what theyre going to do with all this medicinal bear bile
[weekend magazine] craft services gives us a look at the sandwiches behind 'breaking bad'
in focus: college roommates to continue bonding process until real friends made
report: there only 17 total square miles on earth where gays not discriminated against
scientists finally pronounce human genome
8 of the hottest celebs without their flesh
group of friends engage in passionate, incoherent discussion about current events
mans fantasy football team names over past 5 years depict slow descent into madness
wealthy, famous individual described as totally down-to-earth by thousands of acquaintances, all of whom are lying
[american voices] hacker hijacks familys baby monitor, shouts at child
scientists: "acgtttcagggttgtgcttctagggtaccgggggggggggggggggggggggggatggggggggggggggggggggcagt."
massachusetts evacuated to prevent any contact with tom bradys knee
check out @beyonce and jay z fresh-faced and fleshless in brooklyn:
8 of the hottest celebs without their flesh
report: there only 17 total square miles on earth where gays not discriminated against
what are we leaving off our rsum?
u.s. ambassador to egypt: 'its nothing but pure middle east on the streets right now."
this passionate, inane dialogue featured loud talking, intense gesticulations, and no substance:
group of friends engage in passionate, incoherent discussion about current events
"this is of the utmost importancewe must make an effort to keep all doors to the white house locked at all times."
"hes friendly, relatable, and just a general salt-of-the-earth dude."  lying acquaintance of hollywood megastar
wealthy, famous individual described as totally down-to-earth by thousands of acquaintances, all of whom are lying
[american voices] thats a roundabout way to kill mice, but it sounds more humane than those sticky traps.
russian man recalls oppressive days under communism when no one could speak freely or protest government
cat seemed perfectly content right up until point he bolted out of room
jay cutler hoping to prove doubters whatever in contract year
friend asks if there any openings at job he constantly mocks
pornographic website visitor chooses subscription thats right for him
new espn program to feature attractive blonde reading tweets for 30 minutes
riotous, chanting iowa state fair crowd gathers for annual deep-frying of virgin
man taking photo with ipad oblivious to how badass he looks
[american voices] first lady to release rap album about healthy living
"my children can spend the rest of their lives in a much different russia than i grew up in."  alexei suslov, 62
russian man recalls oppressive days under communism when no one could speak freely or protest government
cat seemed perfectly content right up until point he bolted out of room
.@onionsports poll: who will win the super bowl this season?
"i need to make sure im getting a sufficient amount of original hardcore footage at a reasonable monthly price."
pornographic website visitor chooses subscription thats right for him
new espn program to feature attractive blonde reading tweets for 30 minutes
"theres gonna be 145 pounds of scrumptious deep-fried virgin-on-a-stick to go around. kids love it."
its up to me as a parent to become irate, so zach learns to never let even the most negligible nuisance slide.
2014 olympics to be held in 19th century
breaking: @nytimes receives pulitzer for coverage of '
riotous, chanting iowa state fair crowd gathers for annual deep-frying of virgin
man taking photo with ipad oblivious to how badass he looks
.@kendricklamar deletes '
the key to unlocking this illusion is who you dont see in the photo:
in focus | report: majority of americans unprepared for apocalypse
some kind of smartass wearing kevin kolb jersey
editorial: the onion encourages israel and palestine not to give a single, goddamn inch
new super-fast transport system powered by passengers screams
slideshow: 10 crazy optical illusions
brother of missing toddler hopes he stays kidnapped forever
whitey bulger verdict interrupted by ben affleck shouting commands from directors chair in balcony
report: some shirts good, other shirts not good
unpaid internship a really great experience for local company
we grovel before the sordid god of lucre. join us.
[american voices] wow. so you could live in l.a., work in san fran, and disintegrate somewhere outside bakersfield.
this image is only possible to see if you have pancreatic cancer:
the onion encourages israel and palestine not to give a single, goddamn inch | editorial:
10 crazy optical illusions
"im actually pretty good at being a miniscule part of a large machine."
"the hyperloop could cut travel times in half, depending on how loud passengers shrieks and pleas for help are."
new super-fast transport system powered by passengers screams
brother of missing colorado toddler: all he does is cry. i hate him.
sources: charles wyatt, an intolerant asshole who despises all non-caucasians, is an "absolute master on that grill"
follow @onionsports as they rank the nfl's top quarterbacks: 51
bigoted asshole makes the best barbecue
this is reportedly a bad shirt:
this is reportedly a good shirt:
report: some shirts good, other shirts not good
unpaid internship a really great experience for local company
your horoscopes  week of august 13, 2013
top 5 best-selling books  week of august 13, 2013
in focus: man somehow getting worse at sex
woman at supermarket imagines entire narrative where bagger is happy with life
highlights from the season premiere of breaking bad
israel builds new settlement to host palestinian peace talks
expendables 3 cast requests to be paid in steroids, meat
report: redskins name only offensive if you think about what it means
25 years of al-qaeda | some milestone moments in the militant organizations 25-year history:
man made clear-headed choice to upload series of online videos explaining how to install surround sound speakers
top weekend story: mom spends beach vacation assuming all household duties in closer proximity to ocean
this man is content and has a fulfilling personal life, local shopper lauren connors is telling herself:
[american voices] eric holders just begging to be drug tested.
"i wouldnt be surprised if he thinks its really cool how each customers groceries present a new challenge."
family, friends throw quinceaera for tucos niece | breaking bad highlights:
here are the most memorable moments from last night's highly anticipated return of breaking bad:
teen choice awards honor cory monteith with posthumous surfboard
israel builds new settlement to host palestinian peace talks
expendables 3 cast requests to be paid in steroids, meat
report: redskins name only offensive if you think about what it means
"i thought he would be at least a 6-foot-tall lobster with a human head that speaks like a person. what gives?"
headline about so-called lobsterman extremely misleading
dec. 18, 1991: al-qaeda pulls off the first of its trademark prankings | more al-qaeda milestones:
man made clear-headed choice to upload series of online videos explaining how to install surround sound speakers
editorial cartoon: 'a winning lineup'
the week in pictures
top weekend story: no one at baseball game has any idea what inning it is, what score is, what teams playing
in focus: 'breaking bad' creator thinking maybe next season should take dark turn
this week's top slideshow: 45,589,321 healthy kale recipes to try this summer
statistics indicate you spent last night spooning person most likely to murder you
this week last year: phelps drowns
vince gilligans brain spoils final season of breaking bad for vince gilligan
report: draft time doesn't work for john | more sports news:
weird black dot actually part of bowl
in memoriam | obama not sure how to tell nation this, but he ran over jimmy carter with car last night
in local news this week: masochist dog enjoys being walked around on leash while naked
this week's top story: members of opening band walking among crowd during intermission like gods among men
breaking: thriller writer jeffery deaver at top of his game
mom spends beach vacation assuming all household duties in closer proximity to ocean
corpses of 'lone ranger' producers hung from hollywood blvd. street lights as warning to others
vince gilligan's brain spoils final season of 'breaking bad' for vince gilligan
[weekend magazine] aubrey plaza: is she this generation's mindy kaling?
rex ryan claims plenty of time left in preseason before he picks geno smith | in sports news:
breaking: thriller writer jeffery deaver at top of his game
hr sends out second reminder about covering the navel | in local news:
doctors finally clear peyton manning to play football
mom spends beach vacation assuming all household duties in closer proximity to ocean
vince gilligans brain spoils final season of breaking bad for vince gilligan
"ive always wanted to be a cop."  18-year-old whose paranoia and inferiority complex constantly haunt him
insecure, frustrated bully with something to prove considering career in law enforcement
[american voices] scientists create microscopic mona lisa
in focus: loser friend sort of doing better
horseconnect, the social network for horses, bought for $1 billion
disneys toy tales hits theaters friday
motorcyclists riding 2-wide in lane right next to you probably know what theyre doing
purchase of jeans ushers man into exclusive, ultra-cool subculture of jeans-wearing americans
blood-spattered suri cruise drags dog carcass to mothers doorstep | suri get meat now?'
i admit it, i need help acquiring more drugs | commentary:
what's causing our insomnia? | 10% of poll respondents said "things are just going too fucking well"
the onion gives its stamp of approval to this piece of sponsored content written to appeal to mindless imbeciles
horseconnect, the social network for horses, bought for $1 billion
truther jihadist wishes al-qaeda had committed 9/11 attacks
motorcyclists riding 2-wide in lane right next to you probably know what theyre doing
according to a @pewresearch poll, 98% of americans picture a future in which they die only if accidentally deleted
"innovators. inventors. tastemakers. now that i wear jeans, these are the only sorts of people i socialize with."
"if the endgame of this isnt to live inside a computer then, i have to say, life just seems sort of meaningless."
new poll finds majority of americans thought wed live inside computers by now
winning lottery numbers so obvious in hindsight
blood-spattered suri cruise drags dog carcass to mothers doorstep | 'suri get meat now?'
"ive already come a long way. a week ago i never would have admitted that i needed anyones help finding drugs."
commentary: i admit it, i need help acquiring more drugs
[american voices] these kinds of improvements give me not hope exactly, but slightly less dread for the future.
in focus: coworkers unable to put finger on what's weird about gary
study: child obesity rates declining, but you wouldnt know it looking at macarthur center mall in norfolk, virginia
shia labeouf shimmies out of third-floor window at school for wayward boys
obama not sure how to tell nation this, but he ran over jimmy carter with car last night
man misses simple pleasure of going to movie store, browsing for something, being told its out, driving home
members of opening band walking among crowd during intermission like gods among men
study: child obesity rates declining, but you wouldnt know it looking at macarthur center mall in norfolk, virginia
slideshow: 45,589,321 healthy kale recipes to try this summer
shia labeouf shimmies out of third-floor window at school for wayward boys
[american voices] george w. bush undergoes heart surgery
breaking: obama not sure how to tell nation this, but he ran over jimmy carter with car last night
"its just the type of experience youll never get online.
man misses simple pleasure of going to movie store, browsing for something, being told its out, driving home
in focus: 7-year-old transfers friend's obituary onto silly putty for posterity
"if i went through all that, id enjoy publicly rolling on the ground, naked, panting, for all the world to see."
masochist dog enjoys being walked around on leash while naked
members of opening band walking among crowd during intermission like gods among men
[american voices] "a womans place is in a pink suit exploring an ocean of nothingness."
highlights of mars rovers first year on mars
bob woodward gets new job
nation stunned as man buys newspaper
dolphin spends amazing vacation swimming with stockbroker
the onion salutes our friend mahmoud ahmadinejad on a job well done
repellent 9-year-old crushed at suspension of favorite baseball player a-rod
[american voices] its kind of comforting to know everything will be owned by one or two people someday.
(brought to you by national geographic) negligent father isn't building a castle to protect family from apocalypse
here are some highlights of the curiosity rover's first year on mars:
sources: in the few hours of the day bob woodward has managed to do his job, he's displayed virtually no skill for it
bob woodward gets new job
"if you look back on it now, i think my passion to go on a surfing safari came through in my art."  brian wilson
im happy to say, after 71 years, im finally going on a surfin safari | commentary by brian wilson:
nation stunned as man buys newspaper
man could really go for 1,400 calories right about now | more local news:
and so, as a token of our respect, the onion would like to salute you, mr. ahmadinejad, our good friend and ally
mr. ahmadinejad also set a shining example of strength and astute leadership across the globe.
after 8 terrific, groundbreaking, and unforgettable years, iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad officially stepped down from office sunday.
your horoscopes  week of august 6, 2013
[american voices] sometimes you just need someone to hug your leg.
iowa state fair guards told to shoot non-iowa residents on sight
royal baby spits up on grandmother
man has never given single definitive yes to any invitation hes ever received
editorial cartoon: 'thirst for justice'
its shark week!
sources: if gutting it out on the diamond every day makes you guilty, then, sure, alex rodriguez is guilty
"the state fair is for iowans and for iowans only. the rest deserve to die."
iowa state fair guards told to shoot noniowa residents on sight
royal baby spits up on great-grandmother
'all i want to do is play ball, ya know? take steroids and play ball' | commentary by alex rodriguez
[american voices] could a lab-grown spicy buffalo chicken griller be far behind?
"id settle for a definitive, unambiguous response of any kind. a flat-out no would at least be honest."
heres a look at how the nsa collects your personal data:
editorial cartoon: 'thirst for justice'
area man too poor to afford movers, too old to get help from his friends
[american voices] "the hotter it is the more ice cream trucks there will be!"
in focus: dental hygienist sick of being lied to
favorite daughter gets canopy bed | more local news:
new guy names his fantasy football team 'indianapolis colts' | more sports news:
lollapalooza rumor: pizza hut may make special guest appearance during citibank set
this week's top slideshow: 7 most annoying things your coworkers do every day
this week last year: wendy's wants consumers to know it's fine with gays, disapproves of interracial marriage
i look forward to being rehabilitated. | more highlights from ariel castros courtroom statement:
everyone in michaels crafts store currently experiencing a hot flash | more local news:
full lineup of the brands performing live at #lolla this weekend:
in this week's local news: woman flattered complete stranger would say something so nice about her tits
this week's top story: fucking loser at movie all by himself
fans flock to lollapalooza to see all of the biggest brands
job growth remains sluggish, or rather, akin to a slug | it's slug-like, is what sources are trying to say
highlights from ariel castros courtroom statement
two people who went to same college ruin evening for rest of group
breaking: terrorist plot foiled after concert security taps womans purse
"lollapalooza is the place to learn about which products and services to purchase!"
job growth remains sluggish, or rather, akin to a slug | its sluglike, is what sources are trying to say
so im completely free to go after i serve my life sentence plus an extra 1,000 years?  ariel castro
highlights from ariel castros courtroom statement
lollapalooza headliners include coca-cola, bud light, youtube
fans flock to lollapalooza to see all of the biggest brands
sorority raises money at local stable with bikini horse wash
"you just have to respect everything mark has done."  massive, antagonistic dickwad
report: economy just one speech away from recovery
two people who went to same college ruin evening for rest of group
in focus: bartender hurt by unfinished drink
osn poll: fans in new york think a-rod should be publicly executed during a 7th-inning stretch. what do you think?
edward snowdens life just flat-out fun and exciting
nation just wants to be safe, happy, rich, comfortable, entertained at all times
asshole awarded for asshole behavior by business community leaders
grown adult walks right into karate studio
commentary: that footage of neil armstrong playing saxophone on the moon was clearly faked
[statshot] what are we titling our autobiography?
[american voices] you cant be granted asylum in russia without visiting saint basils cathedral!
"snowden is basically a walking, talking british spy novel and living every moment like its his last."
edward snowdens life just flat-out fun and exciting
slideshow: 7 most annoying things your coworkers do every day
nation just wants to be safe, happy, rich, comfortable, entertained at all times | also healthy, fulfilled, and loved
this utter sack of shit is celebrated by dozens of other conniving fucks:
asshole awarded for asshole behavior by business community leaders
only take ecstasy with people you've known for part of an afternoon or longer | more music festival tips
going to lollapalooza this weekend? here are the onion's tips for a safe, comfortable festival experience
woman apparently wants to smell edible
commentary: that footage of neil armstrong playing saxophone on the moon was clearly faked
in focus: last great party of life to result in first child
what are we titling our autobiography?
in focus: tenants feel guilty asking elderly maintenance man to fix anything
fans of green screens, incredibly fake-looking things express love for modern cinema
martyred self in name of higher cause no one wants to read about | arguments for bradley manning being a hero:
bashar al-assad introduces syrian bike sharing program
dick van dyke finally confesses to zodiac killings
car dealership giving serious thought to ending sponsorship deal with jerry sandusky
[american voices] this sets a bad precedent for pornographers with conceptually muddled ideas.
"we live in a golden age for films featuring performers talking to oddly humanoid, cartoonish cgi characters."
fans of green screens, incredibly fake-looking things express love for modern cinema
is bradley manning a hero or a traitor?
check out this egg
assad: 'syriacycles ensures that city-dwellers can travel efficiently; its fast, easy, and fun.'
"one time julie andrews found me muttering to myself about the thrill of hunting humans."  dick van dyke
breaking: dick van dyke finally confesses to zodiac killings
car dealership giving serious thought to ending sponsorship deal with jerry sandusky
open dialogue two americans having about race pretty hilarious
report: alex rodriguez has asked 4 in 5 americans for steroids
[american voices] cant wait to show them to my kids and explain how safe, rather than terrified, they should feel.
in focus: heckled christian rock band knows how jesus felt
publicists single dream in life for nation to have wes bentley fever
email from coworker trying to organize office-wide social outing so unbearably sad
fucking loser at movie all by himself
quiet loner really comes out of shell at gun store
woman flattered complete stranger would say something so nice about her tits
[american voices] once you go to the weed, its over. ive seen friends on that stuff.
publicists single dream in life for nation to have wes bentley fever
email from coworker trying to organize office-wide social outing so unbearably sad
politician spots young female aide, and so it begins
"once he steps into that gun shop hes like a flower blooming in spring."
quiet loner really comes out of shell at gun store
fucking loser at movie all by himself
in focus: four generations of americans demand sitcom reparations
"its nice to know there are people out there thoughtful enough to tell me they want to motorboat my huge tits."
capricorn: all things considered, it's good you aren't in the prostitution business for the money | horoscopes:
your horoscopes  week of july 30, 2013
[american voices] kerry seems like he wants to help, but mark my words: the man just wants israel for himself.
history of the catholic churchs views on homosexuality
merger of advertising giants brings together largest collection of people with no discernible skills
tech is the future, reports local dad
25 years on the rush limbaugh show
vatican quickly performs damage control on popes tolerant remarks
husband experimenting with open marriage
in focus: something wrong with literally everything in apartment
1986: pope john paul ii says he thinks homosexuality is a mortal sin; hell be a saint soon
@banditbeans is it called jimmy? ;^}
quinoa raisins coconut sugar with a splash of almond milk. want some? ;^d
ppl seem to equate not wanting or needing or yearning with giving up but they're not the same thing. ;^)
goodmornoonevening field! wouldn't it be wild if after trying so hard to be an individual, what we really long for is our own absence? ;^)
@flokynhovieira nice rayane! much love. ;^}
@dav232: a new favourite, thanks @jimcarrey 
@annalmcs i saw you too! psych! ;^p
@brianmaddaford1 happy birthday, brian! have a cool one. ;^)
nyc, toronto, meeting u and your kids was funderful! let me know how they like'roland'. gotta put this hand in some 
@skittlesovermms my pleasure sweety. ;^}
@wantddublovin #boing
i'm one thorough cavity search away from boarding the plane to t.o! anything for my home town peeps! ;^
at barnesandnoble in nyc, tomorrow. there will be #boing!
@face_thestrange: @jimcarrey the kids are enjoying how roland rolls! great story!
there are an infinite number of universes both inside and outside of our bodies. this has been an educated guess. spank you kindly! ;^p
#supergroovyamazingfantabulousposter now available on
shootin' at stone mtn. georgia today. what a fine spot. lovin' this place. rich with natural untapped #boing. ;^d
most characters we play in movies or tv think they're just humans trapped in their own skin so i have to temporarily suspend disbelief. ;^p
@canialopez you scared me for a second there sam. haha! ;^}
@clatterbuck84 i love you #spankyoukindly ;^d
@stuntmanstu: going 4 the @jimcarrey #dumbanddumber look.. thx @gr8hairottawa @rinaldohair
@chris_in_ri how roland rolls is printed in canada and distributed in the united states, just like me. much love homie! ;^]
@gemmag1982 i'm honored gemma. give good ol'freda my love! ;^}
i won my first award 4 best children's book yesterday and met some cool ppl in atlanta.told u it was gonna be a good
it's gonna be an amazing day! you know why? cuz i double frickin' stamped it! ;^p
how roland rolls comes out today but it may be a little too sophisticated for lloyd and harry! yep... they're baaaaa
'how roland rolls' arrives tomorrow! amazon, barnesandnoble and other e'tailers - retailers. watch the featurette at
i'm appearing on the ellen show today. just when you thought your lives couldn't get any better! ;^
@spiderdarrell hoppy burpday jade! nice face! ;^p
the music for the how roland rolls ebook just went up on itunes. it's for kids  and goofy old grown-ups. check it out. sssssssgoooood!!! ;^d
if u buy my book in stores tues or on
i'm taking my #boing to the ellen show on monday 9/23 so don't make any other plans 'or else' you can see it online. ;^p
@daniel_josef12 yer my pal, daniel. that's good enough! supercharged boing to ya! ;^
@pervypepper yer funny. ;^}
lst night at a party a woman thght i ws jim carrey's son.swore i look jst like him.upon realizing hr gaff she gt mad and flipped me off. ;^
@banupstander it's #boing! ;^&gt;
@googieboogie priceless paul. ;^
@kevln_k please do! ;^]
@1ladyfoot1 friggin' adorable! ;^&gt;
@julianchallis haha! perfect! ;^d
u n your kids can upload your roland face at
this is what roland is all about! what could be better! your kids can upload their roland face at 
gess huuz bak bichez?
we r seedlings being formed by our choices on greenhouse earth 2 be replanted,when mature,in the astral plane.how do i know?i don't.haha ;^p
@______v_______ i hope so. i know it won't make them worse! ;^d
@jocelynn4 that's a start. only takes a spark to light a fire. ;^}
@peralori it's never too late. hi and #spankyoukindly lori marie. ;^}
@militarymandy great hair! ;^}
@mazmiyimm thank you brother. ;^&gt;
@199candles i'd be angry thn i'd try to deal wth it in a way tht doesn't hurt my soul and eventually find my way back to joy. much love 3^|
@elhites of course, you are myself! ;^p
@canuckbcgirl bless your sweet heart! you've got a bigger family than you know. find a reason to smile and they'll find you. much love. ;^}
@aisha_hussain i love you too, aisha. truly! ;^)
@sba1617 ... and you mine, saba! ;^&gt;
@j_says62 there's a turtle in my new book.
@steffanlazar be it already in your head. feel it like it is. then when the doors open just walk through them and do the work. have fun. ;^}
@outcast104
goodmornoonevening planet earth!don't waste your life waiting 4 the world 2 make u happy.the world is waiting for u.
@beadreamer5 that's cool autumn. i had never seen it. spanks to you! ;^}
@priyab1981 that's a lot of love! i double it and send it right back. spank you kindly! ;^)
i wrote a book www.howrolandrolls abt a larger u that can never be destroyed and can never lose a thing, for children n their grown-ups! ;^)
@valleegurl when you give your mind to someone else your heart cries out for you. just come home and give it some love. ;^}
@seabass529 'round midnight' but i also like his version of 'i don't stand a ghost of a chance' 3^)
it's a lonely tuesday night. but my good friend thelonios monk understands completely. 
|b^&gt;~
my new baby is on the way! his name is 'roland' and he's got somethin' to say to children and their grown-ups! 
goodmornoonevening world! this moment, right  now, is pregnant with the next. so bare down and squeeze out a good on
@colby07 glad to hear it colby. spank you kindly! ;^]
@teamjohnaustin #funderful man! just #funderful! ;^j
@avarielafave ;^p
@meloneranger real good thx. love your hair! ;^}
@avarielafave hope you like it avarie! i love you!
here's some real wisdom on this fabulous f%cking day!
@ea_vanbreda you probably stink. ;^}
ever have a frnd tht kinda stinks at times and u love em too much 2 tell thm?dude if u don't shower in the morn by 2pm u stink.trust me! 8^
@pbal114 nets filled with fish. ;^)
@baka_trillah  hi. ;^}
@mazmiyimm #boing brother! ;^)
@sba1617 way too much. haha! ;^p
@egomet_bonmot haha! even him. ;^\
@coskun_murat i don't. ;^)
@echelonhowe orgasm! ;^
@randomindead yes it's really me. ;^}
@randomindead spank you kindly, marwan! ;^&gt;
@dyaharvard but who's watching you? ;^
@mathiassorense1 wow mathias. what a beauty! ;^}
@tennis_miranda spank you kindly, miranda. if i make things better in any way for you, i'm happy. ;^)
deep purple machine head. lazy, side 2 track 2, on vinyl. #f'getaboutit b^
@mayank_rex namaste. may your #boing runneth over!  3^}
@deionmo it's never too late big guy! bring it in here! yeeeeahhh, that's it! 
;^]
@mangweloon me too, nellie. you're a good hugger! :^}
goodmornoonevening world! you look like you could use a hug. c'mere! come on! mmmmmmmm mm mm mmm!!! feel better? goooooood!  ;^]
@venusreturnus1 jon's lyrics and voice are a jacobs ladder to the heavens. prince's favorite i heard. 3^)
@883dcp up at dawn, dave. don't wanna miss a thing! ;^}
wakin' up to joni mitchell 'blue' today. on vinyl! technology's easier but there's something devine about actually putting a record on. b^}
@sandibennett3 whatever gets you through the night sandi! ;^}
@aticklemetimmy i dig it timbo! ;^}
here's what they left out of the secret. you can manifest anything in the world but first you have to convince yourself you deserve it. ;^
@melaniekeller24 thanks for noticing melanie. you're very pretty. handsome young man you got there too. all my best to ya! ;^]
@catherinesarama i'm ok times infinity, catherine! ;^)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
@morbidangelxxii nice to meet ya jenny! ;^}
@samvarley91 may be time for you to up the medication sammy! ;^&lt;
@sinceresayings you're on s never ending love loop! there's no way out but who cares! 8^p
@lyss_drrain it's tempting alyssa but i'm a wild pony that can't be tamed! ;^
@sandibennett3 there is no hole. there never was and never will be. that's the truth.  ;^)
i was bummed when i found this stain today on the knee of my pants but i quickly accepted it as part of the the new 
@reneeharrison13 i did them for you, renee! shhhhhh! our secret! b^
@hahmay spank you kindly! ;^&gt;
@araanchal hello and thanks! i plan to visit india soon. your spiritual traditions have brought me so much peace. ;^}
i held a feral kitten once and stroked her pretty head but when i tried to put her down she scratched me till i bled
just saw bruno mars. what a show. the guys a super talent! great time! ;^
@yousefaliziadeh thx yousef. i really appreciate that. much #boing to you my friend! ;^}
father greg. in the hood they call him g-dog. a beautiful soul. he's an example of the greatness in us. check out 
spent a day with father greg and the good folks at homeboy. every1 n everything in the universe responds to love! 
@politidildo you're a mean person.
here's another look at 'ayla' in process. ;^}
@hughjeye u got it ;^)
@joey_redballs she has a large mind ;^)
charles bradley 'soul of america' is the doc. watch it and buy this man's records immediately! i have to finish sobb
went for a walk in santa monica last night. la looked beautiful. there were a few rats that darted across my path. t
it's hard bein' a metrosexual but the company's awesome! #boing is love  =8^}
we love iowa. let the sunshine! let the sunshine in... the suuuunshine in! ;^}
you can only try to take a step toward somebody and if they back away you have to let them go. i love you all. 
;^)
i'm looking out at my lawn right now. it's  so beautiful in the morning sun, even with some crabgrass here and there. i'm grateful. ;^}
@jsinglet4 amen, sister janis! ;^d
may the #boing be with you! have a brilliant and miraculous day!  ;^{|}  as you can see my emoticon has had a little work done.
btw i don't need a crisis mgr, just a conscience. calling ppl names is inappropriate but my position on assault weapons hasn't changed. ;^}
you've been through a lot and you deserve a rest. forgive yourself for cryin' out loud! ;^p
@bigisrick find peace. i have. ;^)
happy 4th america. i love ya, ya old coot. have fun mixing liquor and fireworks today and don't forget to stop drop and roll!!!! 8^d
@seanlewis1986 everything they did was sublime. please don't make me choose! ;^)
the beatles r the greatest antidepressant every created. right now, i'm listening to rubber soul and bathing in serotonin. they r love! {8^
@thetaint10 it did, over time. that's why my character doesn't use bullets. evolution.
i did kickass a month b4 sandy hook and now in all good conscience i cannot support that level of violence. my apologies to e
@robyn_mcd that was me. if you got the power you gotta use it. enjoy!          ;^)
this is my heart with the hooks removed. thanks for the lessons. i think i recognize the bait now. ;^)
@garciaem25 outside truman's phone and emails r monitored by nsa and there's video cameras on every corner. it's the same. free truman! ;^)
i was feeling down about life'n'love. then i met a woman named ammachi and she gave me back my smile. darkness can n
my first cricket rifle! selling guns to 5 year olds. guns don't kill people. 5 year olds with guns kill people. ;^\
@iabood94 it's never to late to let ppl know you love em. ;^)
i love you boston! always have. you are brave and beautiful.  3^}
'how roland rolls'is my kids bk abt a little wave who learns he's also the whole big wide ocean! coming ths fall. 8^d
i'd like to thank the congress for reminding us that we should never take them seriously. hail the corporatocracy!  god bless the usnra! 8^
there is no such thing as darkness, just the absence of #boing! ;^}
my heart bleeds for those poor pple in boston. it's just too much. ;^\
@urbandrawer ;^
yesterday i was walking in the garden when jesus appeared to me.i said,"lord, why are u here?"and he said,"because i love your honesty!"
;^p
yesterday i was walking in the garden when jesus appeared to me.i said,"lord, why are u here?"and he said,"because i love your honesty!"
;^p
follow senator heidi heitkamp @senatorheitkamp. tell her to do right by all of our children. 3^|
@senatorheitkamp, how can you tell the parents of #newtown that guns are not an issue in your state? this tragedy belongs to all of us.  3^|
most americans want real gun control. the 'cold dead hand' backlash was gutless and contrived. #newtown #imnotgoingaway
jonathan winters was the worthy custodian of a sparkling and childish comedic genius. he did god's work. i was lucky 2 know him. =;o{|}
"you that hide behind walls, you that hide behind desks, i just want you to know, i can see through your masks." - bob dylan (cc:@nra)  };^[
"you that hide behind walls, you that hide behind desks, i just want you to know, i can see through your masks." -bo
@tymajestic thank you, sir. ;^}
@senjohnbarrasso most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth.3^l
@senatorenzi most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senronjohnson most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@sen_joemanchin most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senrockefeller most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@pattymurray most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@timkaine most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@markwarner most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorleahy most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senmikelee most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@orrinhatch most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@johncornyn most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senbobcorker most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senalexander most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senjohnsonsd most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatortimscott most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth.3^l
@grahamblog most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senjackreed most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@sentoomey most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senbobcasey most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@ronwyden most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@tomcoburn most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@jiminhofe most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@sensherrodbrown most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth.3^l
@heidi4nd most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senjohnhoeven  most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorburr most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@sengillibrand most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@chuckschumer most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatortomudall most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth.3^l
@senatormenendez most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth.3^l
@franklautenberg most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth.3^l
@senatorshaheen most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@sendeanheller most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorreid most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@mike_johanns most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@jontester most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@maxbaucus most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@clairecmc most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorwicker most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senthadcochran most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@amyklobuchar most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@stabenow most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@sencarllevin most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@elizabethforma most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorcardin most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorbarb most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorcollins most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@davidvitter most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senlandrieu most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@mcconnellpress most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@jerrymoran most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senpatroberts most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@chuckgrassley most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@sendonnelly most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@sendancoats most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatordurbin most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@mikecrapo most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorrisch most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@brianschatz most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorisakson most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@saxbychambliss most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senbillnelson most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@chriscoons most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorcarper most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senblumenthal most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senbennetco most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@markudall most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senfeinstein most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@johnboozman most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@jeffflake most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorbegich most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@lisamurkowski most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth. 3^l
@senatorsessions most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth.3^l
@senmarkpryor most want real gun reform.stand up 4 them.show them that a gov of,by and for the people has not perished from the earth.  3^l
i wish all the students in texas a full physical and emotional recovery. i'm glad the attacker was not more heavily 
the last 2 links i gave, u shouldn't miss. i'm taking a break now to follow my bliss. spank you kindly and may the 
upset about heston, phonies? sorry, #notbuyinit! here's me being honest.
@warrengtharappa flush
@walkingslack flush
@bub_romero flush
u who claim 2 be upset abt me doing charleton heston.u're such phonies.u're insincerity is transparent and laughable.sorry #notbuyin'it 
;^p
in case ths isn't just pre-existing hate or greed pointing itself at something and u really wanna know my opinion
45 years ago today civil rights leader martin luther king jr. was taken by an assassin's bullet. he preached and lived non-violence. 
3^}
sing it snoop! #letyourheartbeheard
@lucy_coombs yes it is an amazing drawing. i'm very flattered. spank you kindly! ;^d
i am content to do my thing for those who are awake and those who wish to stay asleep i'll let the devil take. 
@jeff_daniels i love you buddy! ;^]
let's be totally clear!
@marce_tomyvicho you too! ;^]
@12_yearold you are one fucked up 12 yr old!
@msredneck_baby and i you becks. ;^}
@will_i_aint82 you win! ;^
@greycole05 you have bad parents, son. ;^p
@12_yearold you have bad parents, son. ;^\
@extaca love yourself. ;^)
@parishilton spank you kindly, paris. b^]
i get it. your love for me is unconditional. the message couldn't be clearer! ;8^d
@ciarahoranbbz spank you kindly, clara! i'm happy to be of service! ;^}
@ciarahoranbbz spank you kindly, clara! i'm happy to be of service! ;^}
jesus was the ultimate example of forgiveness faith and renewal.let's lift our spirits to a brighter place,today.hap
the best way to handle trolls is to drag them out into the light.  8^
'cold dead hand' a huge hit on funny or die! 1.8 million views in 3days! forcing intolerent goons everywhere to show
154 bullets fired at sandy hook!  2 handguns n a bushmaster rifle on lanza. 1600 rnds of amo at his house. we must stop this!!  ;^\
listen up! my body gaurd doesn't have a gun tht shoots a hundred rounds because we're reasonable people! hate hears wht it wants 2 hear! 3^|
@asta64 i know and i appreciate that. happy easter! ;^}
@onemeanls1z28 i don't have a son you fuckin idiot. stop listening to bitter uninformed idiots. ;^p
@christinacheree glad you liked it! ;^&gt;
@conniej39925149 many spanks! ;^}
@ctrot35 my body gaurd doesn't have a machine gun! ;^]
gun control is not a class war being waged by the so called liberal elite and even if it ws the best weapon isn't an
this licence plate is from the death car of bonnie and clyde. barrow was known to be impotent. he compensated with v
@shaughn_a everyone dies and no one is immuned to satire. ;^p
owning a handgun or a shotgun is 1 thing bt if u need more fire power than that, it means you're shootin' blanks in 
do you really want this guy to have an assault rifle? ;^
'cold dead hand' on funny or die n itunes has more than a million views in a little more than a day! must be a messa
i'm appalled at wht i've seen on ths stream the last few days, all in hatred's defense. no wonder it's so dangerous 
wow!i haven't bn on here since 10:15am.14hrs n u guys r still arguing without me.i'm gonna go 2 bed now bt don't let that stop you! yawn ;^u
i get it.u don't wnt 2 be told wht to do.so mch so tht u may support wht u know in your heart is wrong.thn u feel gu
@milliesmiith thx millie! ;^}
@jbird8 newsflash jbird. movies aren't real. no classroom gets blown to bloody hell by a movie but your misdirection is noted. ;^]
g'morning!hope you're enjoying cold dead hand.fyi,my bodyguard doesn't have a hundred rounds in his clip.i wish u all a bullet free day! ;^}
video uploading shortly.
@garyebarber it's unloaded, fyi! ;^}
'cold dead hand' hits 'funny or die' at 12:01am tonight! what are you afraid of? it's just a funny little song!  2;^
the important question is "do we possess guns in america or do guns possess us?" 
over a million ppl have been killed by guns in the us since john lennon was shot. look no further than your own back
@mattl3m0n thank you matt! i really appreciate that. ;^}
@dloesch not at all. i'm suggesting compassionate compromise. a revolutionary concept, i know. ;^}
gun folks are afraid that control won't stop with large magazines. their nervousness is far less important than the 
no 1 is answering my suggestion of developing non-lethal self-defense! i guess that wouldn't satisfy our national ad
i repeat,how abt developing more non-lethal forms of self-defense?! too sensible?!!!why the hell are rubber bullets 
how abt developing more non-lethal forms of selfdefense?too sensible?!'cold dead hand' 1min aft midnight 2night on f
@njkev609 a police officer protects me against crazy ppl in the crowd that you enable to easily buy weapons. ;^p
@wolvergene1 i agree, civilians die in massive numbers every year so you can have military style weapons. selfish. 8^
hunters hang animals up on their walls.i kill mosquitos bt their little heads r hard to mount! 'cold dead hand' funn
some ppl hate when i talk about guns so i decided to sing about it! check out cold dead hand 12:01 am monday on funn
just a glimpse. unfinished 'ayla's invitation'.
}3^&gt;
;^&gt;
@becky4spirit that's beautiful becky! ;^}
@dawnw1 yes! ;^&gt;
@sameerjamaal i'm the one on the right controlling the crane and tilt mechanism and gettin' ready to run if there's a spill! ;^
this is me working on a sculpture that'll be 10ft tall 1 1/2 tons of bronze called 'ayla's invitation' can't wait to
here's another piece of somethin' i'm painting just for fun. that's all i can show you now. b^j
@lianna809 thx lianna! love is. ;^}
@trish43leafs odds are steep but you have a chance. ;^{}
@stevena2121 hahaha! you made laugh with that! many spanks, steve!
;^d
@annrose1983 gladly! ;^}
@calinicky86 many spanks! ;^j
new profile pic is where i'm at. see you there. b^&gt;
@chickahoy69 i'm happy to hear it! best wishes! ;^)
i wish i could show it all but twitter owns any pic i put on here. which really sucks, btw! i will show soon. ;^\
@taylordi_flame i love you, gorgeous! ;^)
@kelseywilsonn ;^}
@lenelosophy you have me wishing you the very best. feel good. big hugs! ;^d
@missmoonwalkerr ;^*
@shukurana20 i'm in heaven. how are you? ;^}
@ajorgensen57 much love! b^&gt;
@hawkeyeharrison well, maybe you should use some deodorant, callum! 
;^p
@ajorgensen57 have a cookie. ;^)
@snarky_harding i'm not against the 2nd ammendment. i'm against the violence that's in your heart warren. 
;^)
in hollywood they say "less is more" which means everything is nothing. there's somethin' to shoot for! ;^j
new pope is a nice diversionary tactic frm liars hypocrites n deviants and cnn happy 2 help them hypnotize the masses.no pun intended. ;^&gt;+
all the noise floats atop an immense ocean of silence. listen ;^
@juliannarouge that's important to me, julianna. many spanks! b^&gt;
@sandiegoheaven thx! if u take kids 2 burt w explain tht things i'm doing r just plastic makeup and tricks bef4 they see it.it's edgy. ;^]
@milliesmiith hello again, millie! ;^]
@citizenxtx i was being oxymoronic! ;^&gt;
@ms_honest silliness! ;^p
@gamer_of_shame exactly! so freeing! ;^)
@tammychristinev iove you too. ;^}
@s_moore519 burlington. my old stompin' ground! awesome early teen years. much love! ;^}
@carlylovesrock hi pretty girl. ;^)
@andreahavens i'm there now, andrea! just forget sometimes! ;^]
@piratequeen29 that gives me #gladishness maribel! 8^&gt;
@paullucenti tell him happy birthday, from me! ;^)
@kburgerhoff i see your #boing and raise you a #boyoyoing  ;8^d
@dawnw1 you're so welcome dawn! b^j
@erraticsupport she'll love ya forever! ;^&gt;
see 'the incredible burt wonderstone' in theatres tomorrow! it'll be like a close friend who holds u down and tickles u till u barf! =b^q
i thnk organized religion is fading and changing the pope ws a corporate maneuver bt how u worship is your choice. i #callgoddirect  }3^&gt;+
@auntswamp to stop searching! ;^)
@sandiegoheaven hope you feel better. ;^)
@nicoantho1981 omar sy is wonderful in the intouchables. he should feel good about being a part of something divine. ;^&gt;
big premiere for burt wonderstone, tonight!they dug the film! lots of good folks came out to cheer.always a thrill.i love'em all! b^}
@mattsorum congrats on the paradigm shift oh brother of the #boing ;^]
@mattsorum i remember it well. only a pot of coffee and a bran muffin could take that carbage out! 8^o
@mattsorum hey matt, you're alright in my book! thanks for polishin' off all the gluten! how are those noodles now?!  [b^&gt;
@armyof1dlads you're welcome. ;^&gt;
conclave has begun to select a new pope.cali's cardinal(hide'em)mahoney voting and eligible.keep your children safe!call god direct! ?8^}&gt;+
@fweaver9 glad i'm not the only one who screws up on here, brother! ;^)
@jesuisunaigle14 you're doing just fine. i understand. thank you! ;^]
@chiaramg33 massive oversight! ;^
@i7onnyy bonjour tony! the french make great films. we copy them all the time. ;^}
@christinabn nothing is true till it happens ;^)
there's a french film called 'the intouchables' it should have been nominated for best picture oscar. see it! it's #boing is boundless! ;^d
@murphykarges no. ;^)
for you who project your disrespect to ill effect my #boing will deflect the invective you inject!  2b^&gt;
@pointflashes no
@amanduhhtan buscemi rules!
i teamed wth the eels 2 record 'cold dead hand' charleton heston loves it so mch he's back frm the grave 2 be in the video on fod soon!  ;^
writin' some crazy songs lately.first single 'cold dead hand' launches in 2wks on itunes wth insane video on funny or die.u will b wet!  8^
hi lovers! how's your heaven? i'm goin' to austin with a heart fulla #boing!
;^}
pardon me. my diet just changed it's name to x. don't ask me y. 8^
@serenadexshayla what's the difference. ;^)
this diet hs no name.i hope tht doesn't make any of u feel panicky, dizzy or disoriented! if it makes u feel safer u can call it wendy  ;^}
@michmybelle3 no. definitely no diet sodas. ;^
a study could hedge a little but not 42% ;^
@riggs255 facts and science. oh me oh my ;^
@peeenisbugs it's just statistic collecting. simple facts ;^}
usa today.harvard study says states wth most gun laws have 42% less gun mortality thn states wth fewest gun laws n 37% less gun suicide. ;^)
@ugottabekiddin not in sri rice. check
i need to repeat that! when it comes to food and drugs, #varietyisthespiceofdeath  
i don't know why but that really makes me laugh!  2;^d
@madamehatter85 when it comes to food and drugs, #varietyisthespiceofdeath ;^
@autgrind no, the complete opposite! ;^}
@miserablepig you mean the science paid for by food and drug companies, life the food pyramid owned by kelloggs? ;^]
@neilblackwood nuts are fat olive oil is fat flax seed oil has fat. most proteins have fat. all ya need bro n leafy greens have calcium. ;^&gt;
@ndzone22 don't eat'em? ;^
@liverkickboom yeah quinoa is great! ;^}
protein veg legumes rice fruit nuts water contain all we need 2b healthy happy n sharp minded.i believe ths diet more healing thn drugs. ;^)
@thenewoc not nearly as much with a cool diet. ;^)
@sarahinvestor joking. loved it. ;^}
@amelianayre i appreciate that! 8^}
@jiveworm  many spanks! 2b^&gt;
@carinocasino stick with it. it's only 3wks. half way through third week you'll see. ;^&gt;
peace.
@fugitivepoet and if there's no mine then we'd be fine! ;^}
@louismarshallx hi canadian fan. much loveage! ;^}
@t_mak558res hi painbody! ;^)
2 jokes walk into a bar.1 joke says to the other joke,"you know any good jokes?"the other joke says,"get a life!" 2b^d
@memyworld will you pick me up at the bus terminal? ;^}
@useyourillusion hi me! ;^}
@chairmanmeow0 haha! ;^}
@cherylmarie26 cool cheryl! ;^)
"why don't you notice me, jim!""jim never answers me!"   i will never respond to these! guilt doesn't work! ;^p
@catherinesarama seems like doom and gloom come with your diet! ;^p
@milliesmiith peace millie. ;^]
@opotterhead15 i hate your entitlement. ;^p
@catherinesarama red meat in small doses. others are fine. ;^)
@tweetsfromnancy i don't have irratic behavior. i'm perfectly peaceful. ;^)
@healingedgelmt nobody's perfect! ;^}
@nikywaint hi! ;^&gt;
@dickerzanti read prev twts ;^}
@ziggyzero0  in my opinion that's the ohd diet. obesity, heart desease and depression diet. good luck. ;^[
@billybrown17 bull. ;^]
@tvelez164 read prev twts. ;^}
@suezysky truvia is owned by pepsi. ;^
@purgatoryspass already answered read previous tweets ;^}
@chocoaholics wht women like in choc is tyrosine,chemical in brains responsible 4 enthusiasm.depleated during pms.can take suppliments. 
;^)
@loztez it doesn't need a name. ;^)
i eat eggs meat fish n veggies cooked in olive oil fruits nuts water tea wth honey or stevia gluten free crckrs n almond butter 4 snack. ;^d
@cloudy__ just the fools gold. ;^)
@lincolnsd just 4 me. ;^}
clarity!contentment!youthfullness! longevity!this diet,though tough at first,gives me that!can u handle it?just 3 wks and you'll see! ;^)
there's nothing missing. 2;^&gt;
@courtniall hey chicago! don't forget your scarf! &lt;[];^{}
@zw1er i think what you really mean is that you need a hug! ;^)
@josie_ellen might have to do that josie. spanks! ;^}
wakin' up in vegas.8:15am.actually quite pretty and something most visitors rarely see!i also had a nice quiet night, cuz i'm a rebel! }:^]
i don't hate 1 single person on this earth.not even cardinal mahoney or the deviant priests he allegedly protected wthout any remorse. ;^&gt;+
@kellysetzer thx kelly. no biggie! ;^}
@allyson81169 many spanks allyson! 2b^&gt;
@kellysetzer you're unpleasantness translates perfectly. ;^p
just landed in vegas. gonna throw a rock with my eyes closed and see if i can hit an acrobat from cirque du soleil! they're everywhere! ;^&gt;
@sleeplessinrome some folks need to be told ;^&gt;
@sillyfish13 fuck you, lynnie! ;^)
@milad_eb solar power fushion electric cars social media politics biotech de-extinction and sex with robots. ok i made that last 1 up! =8^
inspiring 2 listen 2 the knowledge n vision of the most brilliant among us. something good is happening here! 
2b^&gt;
on my way to the ted conference, a gathering of the earth's most intelligent people... and me.  #boing=mcsquared 28^p
congrats 10 millionth follower! you've won an all expenses paid trip 2 the palm of yr hand where you'll marvel at my foolish ramblings! 2;^d
tell u what,whether you love organized religion your an atheist u wanna rid the world of guns or hand out bazookas i'm going to love u. ;^p
love you all! even you you little sicko! 2;^p
@_be_love_ 2;^*
@flztab bono is actually 6'9" ;^
@sambritt521 maybe you're not used to ppl being authentic 2;^&gt;
@jacethibault hello, prairie pal! 2;^&gt;
@janwat42 doing well,janet.first 7days hardest,2nd wk easier,3rd u turn corner and feel amazing drop bad collesterol lbs. n age lines. 2;^&gt;
@torontogal13 i'm saying, aren't we catholics partly responsible for what's happening to kids, if we allow the abuse to go on? ;^}
@tigger32188 hillarious. thx! ;^}
there r good catholics bt if a good woman allows her kids 2 b molested by their step father bcuz she's afraid 2 b alone, is that good? ;^\&gt;+
@injakowamarya i'm just a real person with an opinion and every right to express it, no better than anyone else. ;^)
@sassygirl5896 more than a few
@skydiever catholic church does good charity work. they could also help a lot of ppl by paying taxes. religions shouldn't be exempt. ;^}
@atemely all organizations eventually become corrupt if they have assets to protect. ;^)
i just think denying who u really r while telling others who 2 b is hypocracy,but hey,worship wherever you want.u have my blessing. ;^p&gt;+
@adamstephanson i'm sure there are many with good intentions. but how good are they whom look the other way? ;^\
i get ppl's need 4 absolution bt being cleansed by a skunk won't make u smell better.you can ask god directly. #themiddlemanispopeless ;^&gt;+
i knew the sickess in the catholic church all stems from the denial of human sexuality.gay or straight. #denyingsexleavesyoupopeless 
8^&gt;+
andrew clement at creative character engineering made big feet,david page n kelly gregson made angel coat 4 elton's party.spanks guys!  2b^&gt;
i don't know about you but i may go off the rails if they don't find a new pope soon! #lifeispopeless
@e_tucker i got 10 million ppl on here, you selfish dick! ;^p
@inmyspotlightxo i see u. 8^
@pikachhuu s'all good bryan! much love. ;^]
@kt_flynn not ;^)
@depechemars that's nice. bruno mars is incredible! ;^
elton's party was fun. my big feet and little angel wings were an expression of my somewhat awkward spiritual journey. i'm a #strangel. o;^p
@missree7 hellooooooo! ;^o
@yboutme open wide! here comes the helicopter! ;^
@yboutme salmon and veggies, clay. want some? ;^)
@nutsiko_o the test is important right now though. get your game face on. 
}:^|
@chloebrien yes i do! ;^)
@glamourmin much love, minnie! ;^]
@silenttheatre1 yes. ;^}
@janicefields9 good for you janice!
;^)
@missmoonwalkerr no. i heard he was a fan. he even hired my movie agent. that was kinda cool. he was great. 
;^}
@ann_fedina hello. i love you! ;^*
@mizpurrfect i hope so katina! ;^)
life is sweet. gonna eat. seeya. ;^)
@christinabn michael jackson was brilliant but being oz is exhausting. sooner or later the man behind the curtain collapses. ;^\
@jhaarboy 2=^d}
@weyssss much love to you in turkey!
;^]
@mcraelisa ;^}
@flame1873 yep. that was me. ;^
@sba1617 thx. wish you the same! 
;^}
@mailmearose you're welcome! ;^)
@jhaarboy we've all been addicted to something. mostly suffering. ;^)
@mrjoegooch nice joe! ;^j
feel peaceful today. i hear the birds singing because at this moment, that's what i am. ;^ 
@supergiirl510 tell the universe you have a job you like over and over untill you believe it and the job will appear. s'done!  ;^)
@shantellartenah shantell, you'll have 2 set your sights a much lower for i am a demigod with powers far beyond those of mortal men! [8^u}
@4drenalinn that's the spirit! %^p
@mollyheaton ;^}
@peachybean protien veggies fruit nuts tea'n'honey and water. done it before. after 2 and a half weeks the feeling is extraordinary! ;^)
@melihseckin you're working? really?because it seems like you're tweeting.maybe your boss should follow you. ah ha! ;^j
@mtmountainman yeah, and my pants were pointing back! ;^
@sba1617 exactly everywhere. ;^&gt;
@daviddannemann it was all in fun. that dream is over dave. feel better. 
;^}
@yboutme so you probably don't wanna hear about my prostate exam but just incase, doc says i'm like a 19 yr old up there! sss'good!  =8^
god,2night my mind is flooded wth memories of miracles manifestations revelations'n'visitations tht incredibly i had forgotten.so sorry! ;^]
starting 2day,no wheat dairy sugar coffee soda drugs alcohol or tobacco.in 3 wks i'll b so clear,tom cruise will avert his steely gaze! ~8^)
@daz0708
for my next twick i will disappear without a twace! until we tweet again... ~8^*
@cuban217 didn't want to encouwage dwug use! ~8^
@bilsely you mean twending, don't you? ~8^b
@agentc0dybanks you mean pwopaganda, don't you? ~8^p
@dustinridling you have friends? ;^j
one must read between the tweets to twavel on the wight twack! ~8^]
to tweet the twuth is twanscendent!
~8^p
i am not my tweets or the tweeter that tweets them. i am the awareness that the tweeter is tweeting. twuly! ;^}
@catherinesarama i'm not sad. ;^)
@sba1617 #yfear 2;^)
@mgbeelowww  haha! it's hard out there for us hypocrates! ;^
@elliottbaarrnes #i'mgratefulforyouelliot ;^}
@falon777 i said we. pay attention painbody! ;^p
@sjb777 leper, heal thine own poisonous heart! ;^p
@mikeyshadow11 that's why i said we. wakey wakey! ;^*
"waiter, i'd like to order the dissatisfaction and can you put a rush on it? the last time it was cold." do you dine on misery? 2;^\
@blondieatlanta viking exploration! is that what women are calling it now? };^q
can you imagine how little we'd have to talk about if we were forced to stop complaining about the world? we are addicted to suffering! 28^
you're all beautiful to me, with the proper lighting. good night! ;^]
@naifalsubeaei and you mine! 2;^&gt;
@erikayjaime no
you were just mean. nothin more. ;^}
@annamaloula him and the pope are layin' low till the scandals blow over. ;^&gt;+
@edorz bruce lee right? 2;^
@erikayjaime did you used to be kind? ;^p
@sungyak  i'm not sure. i just don't care. good thought though! 2;^&gt;
@lantzrobinson spank you kindly, lantz! ;^
@sir_chugsalot  =b^}
i got so tired of trying to decide what to be that i decided to be everything and everyone! ;^)
@talbrigtsen i love my fans and critics equally. that's why critcism hurts so much. ;^
@wearwolph spank you kindly, al! 
;^]
@xavierjordaan exit laughing. ;^}
@colbren0 yes i am a mirror. ;^}
@flztab that it's happening in your mind is enough for me. ;^)
@jasseg8 then u should know,i can be both larger than life and quietly phylisophical.which means i am seriously not serious. ;^p  do great!
@danielle91_ feel better. ;^)
@misgopdwrench69 then i am really blessed! ;^]
@veryassassin if you say so. 8^
@crackers427 swellitude! ;^d
@myswich much goodliness to you! 
;^}
@mazmiyimm boing is all you need. 
;^&gt;
@willie__wonka_ that's a good thing. it means the world's still turning. ;^&gt;
brightness! ;^)
well folks, it's time for me to turn the lights out and face the darkness...cuz that's what big boys do. it's been heaven!  2;^d
@cyrusnorth no but humor makes hell a little easier. ;^&gt;
@mrksnowdon can only upset you if it sounds true. ;^)
@eva_araujo i think you just did. ;^)
@troyhemingway there is nothing to believe in. it's a dream and it changes when your heart and your mind does. ;^}
i believe that heaven is here now,right where we stand.the entrance fee is a loving heart and a clean conscience. fear n guilt r hell. ;^)
@oreojellyfish i'd hang out in heaven with santa the tooth fairy and the easter bunny. =:&gt;
@byteintoapple that's what the priest said right before he told the alterboy to stop crying and pull up his pants. 
;^&gt;+
@lucifertheevil with a twitter name like that why would anyone take you seriously. news flash. you're worth something! ;^]
@reazavier jesus was a cool character. ;^}
@kududufi not what i said. look closer ;^}
@followingsea2 peace is good. that's a nice place to hang ;^&gt;
@flztab fun most of the time! ;^j
@followingsea2 i like eckhart tolle and also jeff foster is good. young guy but smart. ;^}
@sthomas141 the key to being funny is in making the audience feel superior to you or someone else. ;^
@ludmilka0001 hi milka! ;^)
@southernsmash you bet! ;^}
@doggonelovah very much, angie. it was a very original idea and i felt lucky to play a part in it. ;^}
@tconn2 who? ;^)
@thunderspud hahaha! good one! ;^*
@thesaidabdi that's in your head too. haha! ;^p
@dave35701 those are your words. i love all of you but your fear and entitlement to violence is hurting our society. ;^]
@christinabn hi christina. ;^}
@steyards10 i'm sure from your perspective, your right! ;^)
@tconn2 i don't know. i also don't care. ;^}
@kinger8689 hey there joshua! ;^)
@cullen_cosco you don't know. neither do i. anything else is arrogence. ;^]
@schmitt_romney maybe you feel guilty or jealous. ;^&gt;
this moment is the eternity we're looking 4.we spend life asking "what else do you have for me?"without openning the gift infront of us. ;^}
@ju_beaulieu  y not. everybodies doin' it. ;^p
i don't need life after death. this wonderful life i'm having is more than enough for me. asking for more would feel ungrateful. ;^)
maybe my spelling is piss poor because i spell wrong on poorpiss! 
;^*
spelling police! stop harryassing me!
};^o
@sandiegoheaven yes. the spell checkers are harryassing me!  ;^&gt;
@06subie your mother did, from her vagina! ;^p
my twtter ws hacked.4 a yr you've bn talking 2 a woman named cathrine fish frm toluca lake but i agree with everything she says.genious! ;^)
@sandiegoheaven i'm not jim carrey! this is a fake twitter feed! i'm an angry agoraphobe from taluca lake! #psyche!  }8^u
@plumbum821 eh-whoal! how's my spelling now? ;^p
mayor villaraigosa and lapd brass aren't gonna keep their wrd abt reward 4 donrner bt every1 who helped will get a free carnival cruise! ;^p
ppl don't need money to do what's right bt lapd offered.his violence was unacceptable bt it's ironic tht dorner felt betrayed by them. ;^\
i love you all, no matter what!
;^)
i'm gonna sign off before you start takin' me for granted. don't know if i'll be back but...  #yfear   =8^
some say my smiley face is inappropriate on sympathy twt to russia.u r nitpickers! this face is for you.  2b^p
my sympathy to the 1000 russian ppl who were injured. ;^)
holy crap! i had not heard about the asteroid or meteors landing in russia before i tweeted about asteroids this morning. crazy man. ;^
#whetherconsciousornotdeathwillbringacompletelackofconcernpreceededbyaprofoundmomentofregretforallthetimewewastedfearingit!  #yfear  ;^)
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah---&gt;
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha---&gt;
hahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha---&gt;
most ppl never get over their fear of the dark and that fear is so easily exploited. =8^
guns have a low spiritual vibration. their record sales r the last gasp of fear and fury frm a culture tht's evolving to a higher place. ;^)
for those of u who can't b with the 1 u love bcuz she doesn't understand that you're destined 2 be 2gether, happy restraining order day! 8^}
to those who r in love, happy valentines day! to those who don't have that special someone, happy wish i was dead day!  ;^p
there's still much 2 b proud of in ths country.4 instance,i hd great sex last night,twice,without a pill,bt let's keep tht between us!  2=^}
obama said it well.the victims of gun violence"deserve a vote!" to say they don't is not only unamerican it's downright less than human. ;^]
maybe we should bring the troops home from afganistan and send them to chicago.  ;^
wish you all tons of love, folks. ;^}
@l8sknasianthug wow. u r a horrible racist! please unfollow me! ;^p
@taylorrjoycee i love you 2
@starkid16potter bruno mars and sting and rest. 'could you be love?' marley is essential! ;^)
good grammys tonight! jam packed with boing! it has lifted me and now i cannot lose! wth was with frank ocean though? yikes! ;^
well,it's bed time. i'm gonna take some ambien get naked and go for a drive or cook my own penis. you just never know with that stuff!  }3^
some think i should just be funny. to them i say, "a good brain can do many things, especially if it's still connected to your heart."  ;^)
@maximumolsen good as gold matt! thx for askin'!  ;^}
i'm sorry you're so afraid. ;^}
yes, i agree with the ppl who argue that cars can be as deadly as guns but a car is a lot harder to get through the door of a classroom. ;^]
any1 who would run out to buy an assault rifle after the newtown massacre has very little left in their body or soul worth protecting. ;^\
noah emmerich is my best friend.great actor and dude.we met when making truman show.his show is called the americans on fx wed at 10pm. ;^]
don't blame beyonce for lipsyncing. when it's cold and dry it's hard to get a smooth vocal sound.that's why i prerecord my armpit farts. ;^p
i couldn't sleep last night. how can any of us move forward without knowing for sure whether beyonce lipsynced or not!   ;^p
there will always be ppl with mental issues. it's time to minimize the damage they can do by banning assault weapons. #dotherightthing
the bushmaster rifle is manufactured by cerberus capital management's freedom group. they are now selling this cancer to some other scum.
20 mass shootings a yr in america. are you ok with that? i'm not. ;^\
the guns in our homes kill more innocent ppl than criminals, by far.in conn. massacre the guns belonged to his mom,who is also dead now. ;^\
i'm tired of living in fear about the 'fiscal cliff'.i wish i could just sleep until it's all over,but that's when freddy can get ya!  }:^p
just saw aerosmith live. great! steven tyler is evergreen! super guy too. reminded me of how lucky i am to be a performer! ;^}
i'd like to wish you all a happy mothers day. what, too early?! o&lt;[];^p
congrats mr. obama! sincerely hope dems and reps can be better dance partners this time out! ;^)
in the near future we'll only be able to communicate through devices. actual human contact will be outlawed by the apple icourt.  8^
why do ppl wonder if there is life on other planets when the planets, stars and everything in the universe is life. everything's alive! ;^)
i am not jim carrey but he's been a pretty reliable vehicle so far,comfortable yet sporty and  manuverable,fun to drive on or off road.  ;^}
@rachelwaters5 good choice. very cute! ;^}
everything in life is dancing around on a bed of calm silence.no matter how chaotic the surface is, a stillness lies underneath.s'good. ;^}
if you really study mitt romney's fake humble caring friend to all mankind face, it's hard to miss the glaring insincerity of the man. ;^p
1 thing that's always missing frm the republican agenda, compassion toward your fellow man.with obama i'll pay more but i'll sleep well. ;^}
i don't trust politicians much but i prefer obama.despite insane partisan resistance n enormous challenges he's done surprisingly well. ;^)
time 4 the 3rd debate, the political eqivalent of driving past a street corner several times to make sure u choose the least skanky ho! ;^)
goodmornoonevening world. it's a stunningly beautiful day here in great britain! heading to pinewood studios to film kick-ass2. love it! ;^}
funny 2 watch pres debates being promoted like prize fights.gotta keep us interested for 3.can obama come back?was he rope a doppin'?! ;^
i love canada! it's where my #boing was born!  &lt;[];^]
just took a 5mile run on the waterfront in my old stompin' grounds. u sure are a beautiful town, toronto! my heart is a hockey puck! &lt;[];^]
violence is how ppl who feel inferior,try to regain their self-esteem but if there is a god,i'll bet he's tired of being their excuse. ;^\
it's getting far too easy to set the world on fire. ;^\
news flash! there is no pussy in heaven, so you might as well simmer down and get it while it's hot! ;^
incase i haven't told u lately, i love u all, even if u don't agree with my beliefs. it's a beautiful world and that's what u deserve. ;^)
@janmarie_ there are male hookers too.you're the sexist! ;^p
real issue?capitol hill is an auction house where ethics r sold 2 the highest bidder.i'd say brothel bt hookers actually provide a service.
there's no lack! my #boing runneth over!  ;^
@thompsonetti there are non leathal forms of protection. ;^)
guns gotta go! ;^\
hilarious or pitiful? you be the judge. 
;^\
@freekwincy  no, i heard guandi was a pretty good guy. ;^p
@davecanny i disagree. eventually no one would have them. in england regular police don't even wear guns. fear only breeds violence. ;^]
@bigdig10 ;^}
@seanhvac24 your pain and your anger are making you mean, sean. that's what happened to mister holmes. i wish you relief. ~;o)
"bt jesus, surely u dn't expect us 2 give up r semi automatic weapons!" "no. i expect u 2 give up all your weapons n don't call me shirley!"
if u gave some1 a box full of love, there cld b a billion things inside bt i'm pretty sure an ar-15 assault rifle wouldn't be 1 of them. ;^\
the violence within us is being fully exploited by the gun sellers in america.let's end r addiction and entitlement to violence. #greedkills
is 3000 rounds of amo sold online and access to semi auto weapons freedom or hate? time 2 let go of r addiction and entitlement 2 violence.
we may not agree on gun control but we can all agree to wish those folks some comfort and healing. that's all that matters right now.
@joeforshore who needs ya. good luck raising your gay child. you will have one cuz that's how god teaches biggots how to love.
@anniemccutch if u cld stab 40 ppl in the eye wth a pencil be4 yr wrestled 2 the ground u might have a point. nice try. now try compassion.
my love to the victims in colorado. the kid ws sick bt u who can still support automatic weapon sales r the real maniacs in this country.
american elections 2012 may be giant fundraising scam, tonight on cnn, the worlds first 24hr puppet show! gack!
my cath schl principal,sister mary flynn hs passed on.i recall her falling 2 the flr laughing during my very frst show.a dear lady. [{;^)&gt;+
yesterday, jesus jumped the fence in my backyard and ran across my lawn singing "my father owns this". in my excite...
while asking for a sign from heaven buster became flustered by the persistance of the kissing fish. what does a sig...
thanks @etonlinealert for the shoutout. ?;^d
@dreaming_juss sweet ?8^
undeniable!  ?b^&gt;
you know who i hate? judgemental people. in my opinion they are worthless scum. ?;^p
#wisrn  ?b^&gt;
game!   ?b^]
#boing! ?8^}
@annabond ?;^
@alikulov ?;^} the question mark represents my hair, my natural curiosity, and my desire to be a curiosity ?b^
@theresthatbear #wisrn
@adityaparalkar i know you do and i #spankyoukindly ?;^}
i'm so grateful to all of you. i love you with all of my heart!   ?;^)
i wonder how many seals escape being eaten by great white sharks because the sharks have mistaken them for surfers.  ?b^p
life's a mirror tht shows us our beauty and blemishes. u either accept wht u see or u end up bloody n praying it doesn't leave a scar. ?b^]
if you haven't seen this yet (
click here to watch me play with myself
i was lucky to grow up in canada. even in tough times, there was always so much 2 be thankful 4. i love it dearly! ?:^b
i told my therapist that i was upset because people keep saying i'm crazy so he sent me to this lovely place in the ...
steve jobs was an amazing man.  he will live in my hard drive forever! 
?;^}
yesterday some devil sd i painted sperm on my ny studio bt the sperm is his filth n probably where he and the blogger shld have ended. ?;^]
2 all u bullies out there in wht i now call 'the flogosphere', the abused becomes the abuser so how could i feel anything but pity 4 u ?;^\
if u could view the wrld without judgement or the fear of being judged, you'd truly be free bt there would be a lot less to talk about. ?;^)
@rajivcd95 #goodmornoonevening rajiv! being creative is the best gift you can ever have or give to the world. i wish you tons of luck! ?;^d
everything you gain in life will rot and fall apart and all that will be left of you is what was in your heart  ?;^}
shana tovah, my all my jewish friends. i love you!
this #boing is brought to you by my super smart and beautiful friend jessica. "being open inspires new growth!"   ?;^
#boing an acronym. bouncing on inspiration's neverending geyser, believing only in natures grace, to name a couple. now u try ?;^)
your definitions of #boing r astounding! u describe it better that i can. #spankyoukindly. you r the #boing beneath my wings! ?;^d
@lovekeanu ...she said to herself and then she went back to envying the dead. ?;^p
@eulogew #spankyoukindly for waitin' helena! b well. ?b^&gt;
if you're going to the 'i heart music festival' in sin city nevada this weekend, have a blast but remember, "whateve...
@expo45 content you put on yfrog is owned by them. drawings photos. they own full rights. sucks. try 'whosay'. you retain rights. ?;^&gt;
?;^j
tonight at the church of ffc (the name i've given my art studio) i finished a 16ft by 12ft painting titled 'visible ...
only silly can fill that void inside u. i am the missing puzzle piece. come to www.jimcarreytrulife.com and fill your #jimshapedhole  ?b^&gt;
happy emmy's.when you're done celebrating good 'old fashion entertainment' i'll b waiting 4 u on the cutting edge
pay attention to the space around the newspaper. if the news is on tv let your eyes wonder around the room and outsi...
@rtbasschik she's adorable. ?;^)
to thine own #boing be tru! ?b^]
for a better view of carreyoke night at arlene's grocery in nyc?
i'd rather be a lion that acts like a monkey than a monkey that acts like a lion. #boing is fearless! ?b^p
@peacefulplace tht's the most important thng! congrats! ?;^&gt;
@junichiwashere tell your english teacher i'm sorry they didn't make it as a writer, to read 'moby dick' and let that white whale go! ?;^)
tonight at midnight, ny time, on www.jimcarreytrulife.com 'something happy for a hard day' let's all find a #unitedstateofgrace  ?;^)
@janerobsonart that was interesting and darkly funny. #spankyoukindly jane! ?b^)
need a boost?listen 2 bono n mary j. blige singing 'one'. it's why i love them both. mary j. will take u 2 heaven on angels wings! ?;^
i've always hd infinite creative energy a playful nature n the courage 2 b unconventional bt envious ppl prefer 2 call me nuts. s'ok. ?;^p
check out etonline for a peek inside the church of ffc:
check out etonline for a peek inside the church of ffc:
correct my spelling if you want to. my love for u is unkondeeshiannnel! 
?;^p
feast!
i love each and every one of you goofballs today. u have a friend in me. let's make a fiest of life together.
pass the #boing please! ?;^d
@abueee #spankyoukindly sir! ?b^]
@ifollowthesun__ ?b^}
@satchmorrison ?b^j
@charliecurrie was it really? meaybe someone should have called my publicist to let me know. ?;^b
#goodmornoonevening world! here's a couple of good links for you. ?;^d
@stephieedale #spankyoukindly ?;^}
@lico_oo wake up
incase u believe wht u read in papers n blogs i didn't tag my house. it's my art studio, a simple space where i can unleash my #boing  ?b^
new video on trulife proves that if you work hard and you have good friends, u can pretty much skate thru life. ;^d
@amberbaran6 glad i could help?
@freakinasshole hint. u will be your twter address. might be time to reprogram. ;^&gt;
@freakinasshole happy most of the time is the best i can do so far but stay tuned. ;^}
@amberbaran6 u n me both. ;^)
@jasonsens8tion stop assuming the worst about ppl ;^\
love = boing x ffc  ?:^j
@davhoon those r my words
@zeemanrules no matter what the risk. ;^p
the meaning of life is 2 love yourself completely,free yourself and others frm guilt and become totally visible no matter wht the risk. ?;^)
@dibon74 i'm not thrilled with your performance so far either. try harder.
oh, now i remember! forget the past and live in the present! ?;^)
oh i know...i was gonna tell u guys tht nuts r good 4 your memory and i hd a guest last night tht ate my nuts.no wait.that wasn't it... ?;^\
was it politics? nooo...
damn! it was something really important!
wow... that's frustrating
um...
so...
and...
@nickelberrynsc works 4 me b^]
fill your #jimshapedhole at www.jimcarreytrulife.com you'll spank me! ?b^
visit www.jimcarreytrulife.com and let me fill you #jimshapedhole ?b^p
@bloody_rose_gun arrrg... let me go! ?b^&gt;
@catherinesarama responsible largely for enthusiasm.
@catherinesarama sorry tyrosine isenthusiasm
@tkdahl411 on twitter, yes
@catherinesarama choclate hs tyrosine in it which is a substance in your brain that is depleated during pms. thus choc cravings. fyi ?;^}
@vntres s'good! ?b^d
@madison_paije_x ?;^)
or is it hoste or is it hoast or is it howst?;^p
#goodmornoonevening folks. hope the world is treatin' you like a good host should! ?;^&gt;
@substitutet were you poking fun at me, manboobs?perhaps u shld gt your ass on a treadmill or chnge your pic b4 u strt hurling insults. ;^p
@curlycarli cool right?;^&gt;
@margotdas big huggs and healing.;^]
@shellmh #spankyoukindly ;^)
carl anderson singing 'heaven on their minds' frm jesus christ superstar film soundtrack, 1 of the great vocal performances ever. ;^&gt;
@paleotools watch jesus christ superstar the movie, timothy. mr. neeley played jesus. you might even like it better than church. shhh! ;^
@beckyingram ;^
@tasiakat atta girl! ;^}
@chrismochan bojour chris ;^}
this also bugs me. ppl who say i must have nothin bttr 2 do bcuz i take time 2 twt 2 them. don't they know they're insulting themselves? ;^[
@kayleigh_odell preeshe8 it ;^]
@discordiankitty f u
@lizardqueen3381 #goodmornoonevening heidi! ;^&gt;
@lickle_shrew good one, isn't it? ;^)
'accept' the fact that people who correct spelling on twitter are a pain in the ass!  8^[
@joao_zanella thank u correctacon
am i fuckin crazy or did ted neeley play jesus  in jesus christ superstar the movie? ;^
@lewiswhiteheadd alright already!
listen 2 'lazy' n 'highway star' frm deep purple's 'machine head' album and except ted neeley as your musical savior. {;^&gt;+
my friends told me i was pixilating. so i went to my doctor and he gave me pristiq. it didn't solve my computer issu...
forbes magazine may not care but a little boy said, "hi grandpa" to me 4 the 1st time today and i am now the richest man in the world. ;^)
wanna see somethin' foolish?
#goodmornoonevening world! those  who lost loved ones in the hurricane are in my prayers. may they find strength and serenity ;^}
i've never bn happier or more grateful 2 b alive.i've never loved ppl more or cared less abt wht they thnk of me.all roads lead 2 #boing ;^)
@wiidney wonderful! #spankyoukindly ;^)
@heydw look closer
@iminbeastmode i hope i get old enough to see you get smart ?;^]
my last tweet was a joke baked in an immutable truth that will taste bitter to those who's hearts r sour.
ye of good humor,cast ur nets and ur #boing will b bountiful.rejoice 4 those sharks tht smell blood and seek an easy meal wll b exposed. ;^
most people use drugs'n'alchohol cuz they have a jim shaped hole in them. visit www.jimcarreytrulife.com and fill your jim shaped hole. ?8^
comics r gettin lots of attn imitating my video on www.jimcarreytrulife.com after this, they'll never forget the name kathy lee griffin. ;^*
the nxt txt is a joke, with a dash of sarcasm and a pinch of irony.
@iconiclaur101 yes ;^)
we are plagued by earthquakes tornados and hurricanes lately. is it the end of times or just god's way of getting rid of the bankers?;^)
this next tweet is a joke with serious undertones.
@jamiedrodgers ;^}
this next tweet is not a joke
@scneck #spankyoukindly cindy! ;^}
@tk_248 it means your an idiot
www.jimcarreytrulife.com finally... a place where i can be misunderstood!!!
?;^}
since when is it everybodies business who i share my inappropriate feelings with over the world wide web at www.jimcarreytrulife.com };^{
@fit_n_tattooed #spankyoukindly christie! ?;^]
@mellanycoutinho don't ever call yourself that. ;^&gt;
@elenapederson #spankyoukindly ;^&gt;
@sylar147 ?;^}
@co2hog you wish ;^)
the press grows hungry. pass the schadenfreude! ;^p
@balekoner when you get the bad news don't ask why. look no further than your twitter. ;^*
oh dear... have i become america's new #comedyscapegoat ?8^
is edgy the new creepy?;^\
www.jimcarreytrulife is back up! you may once again feast upon my #boing!
?;^&gt;
#goodmornoonevening world. so much traffic on www.jimcarreytrulife.com that the site has crashed temporarily. back up soon. ?;^\
hahahaha! ?;^p
yes, my msg to emma stone was a comedy routine and the funniest part is that everything i said is tru. www.jimcarreytrulife.com
@lenafreud inside job. x ;^}
@cjarvis1996 you just did if i remove the first 2 words of your sentence. ;^}
@fabioalisei without self-love no other is possible ;^&gt;
@krinnen no, just more aware of it. ;^&gt;
@almostfamous96 hi ;^)
@jeancarlodamian s'nice! #spankyoukindly!  ?8^
@static_55 hi dale. ?;^}
@jammerjams you made me laugh. ;^d
@sweetdrug thx. rright back at you. ;^)
the trble wth twtter is tht because of the device's proximity, thoughts go out unprocessed, without contemplation or consideration. blah ;^q
@angel4brit @olgavoils  i wish you more love than you need. ;^)
@odealajoie #boing to you beautiful france! }:^
@b_spears_ukrfan so much love for you ukraine! {b^&gt;
@macci_macci i'm right behind you ;^}
@tjatkins i love you too! (8^}
@picmojackson they're scrambled on blackberry
www.jimcarreytrulife.com real reality. imagine that!  ?8^p
you can't have good luck unless you feel you deserve it. ?;^
www.jimcarreytrulife.com leave your comments, your love's appreciated. cyber-meanies r welcome but remember, i'm rubber you're glue! ?;^p
hey gang, ever wonder what my tru life is like? take a glimpse behind the superhero persona at www.jimcarreytrulife.com  ?;^b
guilt is great at playing hide'n'seek. if you to keep looking for it in other people, it's home free.  ?8^
@i_venom_x #spankyoukindly ;^&gt;
@shoxy123  preeshee8 it! ?;^)
@mateusbaptista great line. can i use that? ?;^
@cromag77 #spankyoukindly ?;^}
#goodmornoonevening world! i love you all so dearly i can't even tell you! ?;^p
hundreds of thousands are starving in somalia - help now! click here to support @wfp
#goodmornoonevening world! machu picchu, temple of the sun. (sorry for this) inca redible! ?8^p
machu picchu that is. i plan to climb to the top, say,"how day do dat?" and go home. ?;^}
here i will search out ancient civilizations and decifer the origins of the incan #boing that built machu piccu ?;^
@singram great. give him a hug for me. ?;^}
@mirandafialho yes yes! ;^&gt;
@hello_ariane enjoyed brazil very much! sad to leave. lots of love. ;^)
#doesanyonehavesomethingnewtosay
?;^\
#jimcarreyhelpseduandgetsboingback   ?;^}
check this video out -- brazil from my eyes...
drivin' around rio! visiting futbol fans sing their defiant song of #boing. ?;^&gt;
@glaurius s'nice laurie. ;^}
bring your kids to mr. popper's penguins! it promotes strong bones'n'teeth! (jim carrey is not responsible 4 the claims in this tweet.) ?;^p
@stacismail my line! ;^p
@2bellasmommy #spankyoukindly ;^}
@focusedonnow that's really tough gabriella. dads are important. i wish you much love and a real loving connection with him always. ;^}
i was ridden by matt lauer and i liked it! giddie up, matt! ?;^
i love vancouver! i love boston! either way, i win and lose!!! it's tearing me apaaaaart!  ?%^p
took my #boing 2 late night with dave letterman. 1 of my fave shows 2 do. if u wanna laugh, or you're infirmed, it's 4 u! on tonight. ?;^b
back in the big slice. bringin' the #boing! what the hell am i talkin' about?!  guess i'm all #sexcited to be in ny!...
just did jay leno. had a blast! even gave a little peek at a painting that's been workin on me in my ny art studio. ?;^
@emmaluella i see u. ?8^)
i am consciousness amusing itself! ?;^
check out the good work the better u foundation is doing in haiti!
signin' off 4 now, folks. life is still new 4 me n full of wonders. can't spend 2 mch of it starin' at the palm of m...
@ukcatmann55777 #spankyoukindly buddy! ;^&gt;
#goodmornoonevening world. #boing to your mothers!  ?b^}
@ariannakatya hi arianna! ?;^&gt;
@mrslovettspies_ #spankyoukindly ;^)
@whytmage bl#w me. =;^p
i'm off to la again to make my mirth. always great to see all the friends and family up north where all my #boing be...
@chereliz queen victoria's bday. another great excuse to get drunk and blow sh#t up!  %^}
@laurencemarkham i got it laurence. ;^)
@bonzbaby #spankyoukindly ;^*
@jjdickyboy #spankyoukindly ;^)
@spunkerd00dle hi!!!!! ?8^d
@leoni_18 #boing ?8^&gt;
my mother told me that if i didn't stop touching the cn tower everyone in canada would go blind. %^}
@drpopsicles hey, great nephew mckenzie. you tracked me down. you da man! see ya at christmas! {b^}
it's the cn tower in beautiful down town toronto. jealous?!  {b^&gt;
can anyone guess where i am? ;^&gt;
holy crap, we were talkin about the rapture and my date just disappeared n i just dropped 500 big ones for dinner an...
wow! turns out those angel wings on top right of my photo earlier are the cranes of local 40 ironworkers at ground z...
okay, the angel on the roof in my photo today turned out 2 be 2 white cranes but those people crossing the intersect...
@adrianrocky719 shhhhh! stop wreckin' it! ;^&gt;
i tweeted abt how lovely the apocalypse has been so far n someone pointed out an angel on a rooftop. right side of p...
got mobbed by kids at lunch yesterday.food got cold bt my hrt was warm.many cameras there 2 but a little girl captur...
rainy days in ny. time to reflect. ;^)
i swear to you, i've never even shopped in there! ;^\
@lulysierra no ;^\
@jamesw012 hello james. ;^&gt;
@carolinasemmere i don't know him but i wish him and you love luck and muy#boing!!! ?;^}
@milagros_89 vazqueznico forever! {8^&gt;
@tomybaillieau hi tom! ?;^}
@juliannoviello {b^&gt;
@eugemedellin {b^
@sarah_pallinusa unfortunately 4u gov.,bush/cheney can't easily b fogotten.u'd need 2 fnd weapons of mass disfunction 4 tht.love alaska! ;^]
@nunabellissima #spankyoukindly ;^&gt;
wow!dick van dyke said nice things abt me on rachael ray tday.he's 1 of my heroes,a tru comedy master!i'm so gratefu...
@specialkstyles yes it is ;^&gt;
@kerridonaghy i love dick van dyke! he filled my chilhood with #boing! ?;^&gt;
no one recognizes my leg. it's  incog knee toe. what do you want i'm tired. 8^\
i've created a non lethal gun 4 law enforcement. i call it the 'foggit' bcuz it causes loss of memory and mental...u...
@randymetheny nice! ;^}
@sueoufa who isn't? ;^]
@blaqspot612 #boing ;^&gt;
happy birthday buddah and #spankyoukindly ;^)
after 9 hrs of painting. {b^&gt;
@amandalouisi_ #spankyoukindly ;^)
happy mothers day to my mom kathleen to jane's mom melissa to my beautiful daughter jane and to all moms everywhere! #spankyoukindly! ;^)
@cristinathfics #spankyoukindly cristina  ?;^}
@spedspedding sorry you're in pain.
this is where john a. roebling got his idea 4 the design of the brooklyn bridge. it was the dbl cheese tht did it. 8^d
@cainester i'm boring, yet you're watching. what's that say about you, mr. excitement? ;^p
paparazzi [o]^\ and cyclops [o^\ look slightly different yet both struggle with depth perception. {bbbb^&gt;
@kennectto paparazzi don't drive me crazy. in fact, the way i look at it is that  ultimately, they work for me. [o]^&gt;
@pigging rt your #boing is emmense! everything in the universe is contained within it! =^
@narrativeartist if that's your painting it looks great. {b^&gt;
@nayyara #boing to! &lt;[];^&gt;
@ohsophietaylor sounds like fun. i'll be right over! ;^
@dazzamania1980 i'm gratified by that! ;^&gt;
i think celebs should be able to list paparazzi as dependants. ?;^p
@liz_an_ne so sweet! ;^&gt;
welcome the new velvet underground. i had no idea tht my hand was there. honest. {b^&gt;
@lornz2011 ;^&gt;
#boing  a state of conciousness tht exists b4 everything good tht'll ever b given 2 u n everything meaningful u'll ever do. find #boing ~8^&gt;
@changingstigma being present is not possible without #boing ;^}
@tinycowgirl they too will get you off the couch! ;^
...or huggin' and kissin'!!!
...or singing!!
or dancing!
...what walks you through the worst of it.
...what can open a flower.
...that which preceeds even love. =^&gt;
@myallegiance #boing is
the antidote
herre's the answer you're waiting. #boing is ;^}
@cjs444 guilt is anti#boing
@phatbeckom1973 double #boing ;^&gt; 8^}
@gustarbuckz whatever takes the edge off. ;^&gt;
@louisewalkley ;^)
@cjs444 remember when you were kind?
@poundingthunder hoosier #boing. i love it! ;^)
@neednewspace love it. #spankyoukindly ;^)
@piedude4321 wow! #spankyoukindly 8^&gt;
@pickles874 ken i mean!
@itstroyer take this #boing with you! ;^&gt;
@judybabineau007 big #boing aldershot! ;^)
@lovelifeandjenn there'd be no wood without it! ;^&gt;
@nicholasaylward whatever gets you through the night! ;^)
@evilghettobarbi what's good? brown sugar! {b^&gt;
@jamialia #spankyoukindly #boing buddy! ;^)
@janetthull sing it! ;^0
@carrickaidan i think what you meant was 'you're'. who's the loser now? ;^&gt;
@epic_burp welcome! ?;^b
@laurenkatee hi lauren's little brother! got #boing?!  };^)~
@epic_burp you still here? #boing then! ;^
@driftgee stop #boing? never! ;^)
@epic_burp seeya! ;^&gt;
@tracyhilton79 don't be afraid of love. ;^)
your #boing will never die! ?;^&gt;
@amye312 #boing beautiful! ;^&gt;
i love the smell of #boing in the mornoonevening! #spankyoukindly ?;^)
@dforevermjlove glad you're happy. #boing. ;^)
@laura_sensei japan #boing #boing #boing #boing #boing! =^o)
@aizadnan what isn't #boing? %^&gt;
@nomesterr a big cheeky #boing to you liverpool! ?;^)
@jayminawala #boing india! ;^)
@felwah92 #boing {b^&gt;
@lexqcamature oh canada, my home and native #boing {8^0)
@conorbraiden95 #boing norther ireland! ;^}
@rebecca_huggins #boing {b^&gt;
@robtheranger #boing! ;^)
@emi_lala wow! #spankyoukindly ;^)
@thomaswanhpls #spankyoukindly sir. ?;^b
@sweetnshygemini how can you sleep when the world is filled with #boing! {b^&gt;
#goodmornoonevening world!!! can i get a big fat global #boing ?8^}
@robbyhbk13 no sweat, bro! ?;^b
@thereeldealuwo work hard and believe in miracles! yes, my that's a piece of a self portrait i did. {b^&gt;
@robbyhbk13 that was real man! you blacked out under pressure and i dropped you off at home. glad you're ok. that was a close one! ?8^&gt;
@redsunyogini it's a joke
@savannahlyons i don't smoke. it's just a joke! ;^]
#whatiseerightnow {b^&gt;
@caragleeson ;^&gt;
@warpath72 but why would they risk using stealth helicopter for a fake operation? ;^&gt;
@el_sayido #spankyoukindly  ?;^&gt;
@aaron_fraser yer mean
i'm been a sceptic since nixon but i also think it's reasonable to believe that the american gov does the right thing, on occasion.  ?;^)
@dianaumum i love you too! {b^&gt;
@mmcartee yep.
if gov were faking bin laden's death they wouldn't be leaving top secret stealth helicopters bhind so pak could steal the tech. s'done. =^\
we've alrdy seen tht a bin laden pic can easily b faked.fams of 911 victims shld view it privately,if they wish.this is 4 others --&gt; []q;^&gt;
@jonboy4343 love yourself. you're better than that. ;^)
goin' night night! #spankyoukindly people of earth!  ?;^o) &lt;---yawn
@emirmetovic hi buddy! ;^&gt;
@diana785 i love you too. so much! ;^)
@knivesy no, i'm not gay but i am filled with joy! ?;^&gt;
@rafael_chediak hi venezuela! ?;^&gt;
funny,my name #jimcarrey is trending n yet i don't feel all tht different.i am fully erect bt that's pretty normal 4 this time of nght. ?;^p
hey, i won a webby! the people's voice award for best performance in the category of online, film & video. preeshee8 the votes gang! ?;^d
i hope it's him but they already buried the body at see, so i guess we'll have to take their word 4 it. what can they compare dna to?  ?;^\
@judydarkenstar f#%k no! ;^#
wow! they killed the boogieman! i felt something was in the air tonight! bin laden era over! s'next? ?;^
@kat77 still breast feeding. ;^
@gemmahoppus big feet and everything else that comes with that! {b^&gt;
goodmornoonevening world! this is #whatiseerightnow 8^)
somebody twted tht if i talk abt the monarchy i'll end up in the tower but i know how 2 get out. why, through the gift shop of course! {];^d
yes! pippa's hot too!  ;^7
@bieberjls_jade #boing ;^&gt;
@bigjohnmcveigh good lookin too! ;^&gt;
@jnsholland queen of hottness!
i don't wish to cause an international incident here but prince william's new bride is hot! with all due respect i am not mad at her!  ?b^&gt;
@dannylobell i'll pay double! ?:^&gt;
last night i dreamt a maniac was outside my house but he was made of gold so i let him in and he took my soul. kinda m. night shamylan! ?;^\
@justbrootal yep!  &lt;[8^\]
@lisa2hot2handle i you don't see a door open your eyes. ;^}
the easter carnage continues. someone call csi and make me a dentist appointment while you're at it!  ?;^b
@rachel__lambert when doors open walk through them.
someday soon i'll show you the rest of me.  {b^&gt; :
penguins r untrainable, so in my new film 'mr. poppers penguins' we used weiner dogs in penguin suits. sorry, that was a lie. june 17 (8&gt;{o;
@jordan_pack i road an ostrich once. he was not happy about it. :&gt;={o==;
penguins r cool. {8&gt;{o;
painting my #boing, in nyc. oh my, i think i mighta got some on me!  {b^&gt;~
@kurtisjb aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalrighty then!!!  ?;^p
saw 'mr. popper's penguins'. it's just what the world needs right now, global cooling! june 17th. (8&gt;{o; (8&gt;{o; (8&gt;{o; (8&gt;{o; (8&gt;{o (8&gt;{o;
@beerslayer863 #boing isn't afraid to swim in the deep end! rock'n'roll! {b^o} hoochy coo!!!
@saetenshi_pink happy bday sweety. make a wish!  b^ ~={]
@deathbyruru i agree. but they may miss the big show! %^p
@tarikkharabsheh untrue! really! ;^]
@chad_mckenzie hi. ;^)
@imgnarly nothing's better than being awake! ;^)
there's some fakery on the internet abt me endorsing the use of dmt. f#%k dmt n any other drug that alters pure concsiousness awareness. ;^p
@xrichxp all that shit is f'n lame!
goodmornoonevening world! can i get a little #boing  ?8^}
@janetthull it's just a jump to the left...   = ;^}
check out @jimmyfallon and paul simon with stomp, a moment of undeniable #boing =;^b)&lt;; (
@ecuamoose sing it till they kick you out! =;^p
@linneamehler hi linnea. it's really me. all the love in the world belongs to you. take it and run!  ?;^)
everybody sing, "hey now! hey now! don't dream it's over!  =b^o)
@megaramcgregor hi darlin' =8^&gt;
@iseemorethanyou good on ya! ;^&gt;
@padddixon bonjour! {b^&gt;~
hope walks through the fire. faith leaps over it. magic happens when you stop hoping and start knowing. =;^)&lt;;
'i love you phillip morris' won the glaad media award for 'outstanding film'. spankyou kindly!  =;^)
@rebeccafoster73 beautiful =;^}
@veg4snine very cool man. spankyou! {b^&gt;~
tnight i had a kiss tht reached across 3000miles.i pressed my lips agnst the screen as if there was no space btween
@rjdubb5 very much a fan of terrance malick. ;^&gt;
@serenade22 hi beautiful. ;^}
@saratj3 i'm sorry you're hurting ;^\
@andynlisap hi andy ;^&gt;
@eplusjo do it!
@danielbaldwin "all of the sudden i'm closer 2 the end thn 2 the beggining n dth has become a percievable thing wth definable features" bro!
@aspteu i love you too! ;^&gt;
@arnobv so will u
@karilatorre87  ?;^)&lt;;
@bradsings s'what i'm sayin' {b^&gt;~
okay! i'm ready for the end of the world. let's do this.  ?;^)
goodmornoonevening world! find your #boing and use it to make beautiful footprints!  =8^)
@sapphiresky11 ;^&gt;
@chellebelle_83 went there every year when i was a kid! much love. ;^&gt;
the only problems we have are self-loathing and the ways we abandon ourselves because of it. embrace your #boing   ?;^p
@matrooshi4ever i love you too! ;^)
@redhaired31 ;^&gt;
goodmornoonevening world, and peaceful ppl of every faith!  ?;^}&lt;;
@mental_nigella i am calm. are u?
@eddicito thx. back to ya! ;^&gt;
@fruitpunched hi bud! ;^&gt;
@goddardmike how do? ;^b
@audrey_m_ wouldn't it? ;^
fundamentalism in any faith is just another way the ego causes separation and violence between us.  ?;^&gt;
@oskarflink #boing ;^&gt;
i believe pastor terry jones is a threat to our security and should be on trial 4 manslaughter. fear + god will never add up 2 love.  }:^0&gt;+
@stephengirgis that's where the a wave of art inspiration will come from. it's one of the few upsides to hard times.
@outwithobamanow "mommy, i'm home!!!"
@gautrr987 not unless they pay me
@lundeby84 fear will not diswade me!
@stonetiffany that's great! now shut up and kiss me! ;^*
goodmornoonevenight world! =8^}
@babydoc1022 #boing
@kittymellow spanks
@vampireharpie painting acting dreaming eating ect.
@tokiohotel_mtv hi
@roxiefoxie817 hi roxy.
@nicksan_ call me lazarus
@bonobo_monkey go monkey go
@stillcountsas1 u bet
@teenybk and the beat goes on
there's no such thing as a nasty girl  just injured ones
build a better universe! www.betterufoundation.org sustainable and transformational ideas that help people empower themselves. ?;^j
wanna see inside my brain? www.jimcarrey.com is a close approximation! watch yer' step! it's a loooong way down! ?;^p
snl wig fitting or a mean joke they play on the host? you decide! and happy new year btw. ?;^p
look what i got for xmas!  and he shall be named #boing!
#iloveyouphillipmorris nominated for a vh1 critics' choice award for best comedy! check it out! (
hey chicago, dc, boston, philly, dallas, houston, phoenix, nyc, la, & sf: #ilovephillipmorris rams it home for the holidays! #boing! ?;^p
hey gang, you can finally check out my movie #iloveyouphillipmorris opening in la, sf, and nyc today! s'excellent! hope you like it!  ?;^j
build a better universe! www.betterufoundation.org sustainable and transformational ideas that help people empower themselves. ?;^j
@stickyshorts go get'em! ;^]
@miller39652 hi kristen!  ?;^
there are ways to kill the twittering bird on jimcarrey.com, in every place it appears. but it will return... cuz it's on a loop. =:^b}
@redsunyogini if empiness is godliness and godliness is emptiness where will we put our stuff? i need a space. ;^
@saiasalas i love tou too! ;^)
@chriswright1963 spankyou! ;^&gt;
@gdecker6 no such thing as emptiness. just space! ;^)
@snapnat01 #boing then! 8^
check out www.jimcarrey.com. sss'awesome! ?;^j
dinner with judd apatow, ben stiller. 
send me pics of your #boing or some1 elses #boing. capture the essence of #boing itself! (no genitals pls) ~8^}=;
@pinxjordan ~&lt;%|?&lt;{^&gt;~ how's that critic?
@caligula8109 swing it thor! };^o
#boing!!!!!!!!!!! =8^b}
@tothemystery hi mystery! ;^
@saladnpie hello cesar ;^&gt;
goodmornoonevening world! this is #wisrn 8^/
@jessytot hi. ;^p
@s1nnerofsa1nts what's up hot stuff? =8^b}
@timbogee999 hi saffron. your husband loves you! ;^)
goodmornoonevening world! this is #wisrn 
@yeseniafelix hiiiii! ):^&gt;
@peacesther love it esther. ;^&gt;
@roximib that really made me happy! thanks! that's what i was like as a kid! b well!  ;^j
@seanieprawn new york at sunset, sean. ?;^
#wisrn ;^o
just vitamins. "go ask alice when she's ten feet tall!" }%^&gt;
#wisrn 8^\
#wisrn ;^] 
@danowen79 see ya! ;^p
@lovelifearch multiply that by the square root and divide it by the common denominator times x. sorry if i spoiled the suprise. 8^}
doin' commentary 4 cable guy rerelease on blue ray.it'll be great but you'll have to wait forever 4 it to load... cuz it's so advanced! 8^}
@loveleekimber me too! weird!! 8^p
@donnaperth #boing perth! %^&gt;
@braz613 hi lori! hi canada! i love you!!! #boing 8^b
@bossngheated101 sweet, man! 8^o
@sahlavern back to ya! ;^&gt;
@thina thina, i spank you from the bottom of my heart! 8^o
@darthkijan spank you! ;^]
@shellavision s'nice! 8^)
@movingtomontana i couldn't! but spanks! ;^&gt;
@drinknomore hey that star's gettin' pretty close! 8^
@thejhm b e a utiful! ?;^o
@chrisbarr82 bend it, chris! #boing ;^j
@annabellekwok it do! it do! ;^&gt;
@kellymarques81 hello honey ;^]
@_ana_nur_ #boing back to ya, ana! ?;^
@vixuk82 i like yours too ;^)
@philip1002 cool ;^&gt;
goodmornoonevening world! can i get a #boing?! ~8^}&lt;;
@cocoreico 8^
@taysemenova yummyyyyy! 8^d
@keemorn great 1 ;^&gt;
@cajphotography mhmm {b^&gt;~
@abdelng hi buddy! ;^&gt;
#wisrn %^&gt;
#wisrn :^
goin' to promote 'i love you phillip morris' today. great film!!! just practicing. ;^p
@hallsfrog keep your chin up and your blood pressure down! o;^\ &gt;
#wisrn &gt;b^}
2 the pple who design shallow toilets. just because u have a tiny penis doesn't mean the rest of us should have 2 dunk r junk!  ;^\ : - x
@angelkiss555 s'nice! }^]
embracing our true self by paul ferrini. incase you interested. ;^p
@carterrena thankyou tamicka! you're really cute, too! ;^)
#wisrn %^
@debnord that's a terrible story. ;^&lt;
@smezza we can rebuild you! we have the technology!  ;8^]-
#wisrn {--?;^op
get that butt down soldier! 'don't ask, don't tell!' [:^o] (@modernsophist)
@venusire hello area 51  c:^'
do it or i'll have u all brought up on charges of insubordination self-gratification and flatulation! [8^o] 
wow!  my legions are more prepared than i though! eeeeeeexcellent! remember, this is just between us! 
@rossco1874 yer funny! ;^d
now that i've passed the 2mil followers mark, i think it's time i asked you all to arm yourselves and to await my further instructions! =8^p
#wisrn (what i see right now.  ;^0
#wisrn ;^p
@savannahlyons #boing ;^&gt;
#wisrn ;^
@spottedinsoho #wisrn 
what i see right now. ;^j
@artbyclaire that's lovely claire. thx! ?;^)
you are the wind beneath my #boing. ;^)
being in pain is not the hardest thing in life. the hardest thing in life is trying to hide it! ;^\

@deboratrilegal thankyou debora. big #boing to you! ;^)
happy birthday, jenny!  ;^ ~=)))
nyc, i am sitting in my apartment with the lights off and i can totally see you right now! you must do yoga! }=^(o)
just saw social network. great flick! dialogue rocked! :^}
it's not too late to come to my friend judd's benefit! oct 29 in la. tix @ www.826la.org laughs and good karma in one night! ?;^p
check out www.jimcarrey.com. sss'awesome! ?;^j
scene i wish was in the movie '2001'. "what are you doing, dave?""i'm putting you to sleep, hal.""dave... will i drool?" [;^]
rubics cube pantomime keeps my comic sensibility sharp. 
i'm tired and i feel like crap 2day. thought i'd share that so the sickest among us can feel better by comparison. 
twitter has ended it's sordid affair with justspotted.com, so happily, we'll be able to continue our chat! safely! i'm in chicago btw ;^p
twitter! giving away the whereabouts of your patrons starts a dangerous precedence. i may have 2 take my #boing elsewhere. free truman! ;^o
twitter is cooperating wth a new website called spotted.com 2 trck where abouts of celebs wherever we go. "fuck u very much twitter!" ;^\
oh, i get by with a little #boing from my friends! 
goodmornoon evening world! if you show me your #boing i'll show you mine! %^&gt;
friday night in nyc! love the people and the loud music! lost my voice in one of the clubs. if anyone finds it, i hope they turn it in. 8^#
saw roger waters tonight at madison square gardens doing the wall. "mother will she tear your little boy apart?!" brilliant forever! ~8^o
forever may you #boing  ;^
affirmation; i am deeply in love and deeply loved by a woman who loves herself. she honors me. there's nothing i would change about her. :^)
the season is upon us! i don't eat sugar but i do like to hang with zombies! avoid oral sex with vampires!
light! sssss'good!
god i love my life! wish you all the same! ;^)
today i wanna change the world just a tiny little bit. game on world hunger! };^o
check out my huff post today: please rt ;^d
the method is called sri (system of rice intensification). that's what i've been doing. check out www.betterufoundation.org. i act too! ?;^p
did you know that 10-20% of the worlds methane emissions come from rotting rice roots because the plants are grown in standing water?
goodmornoonevening world! were u wonderin' where i've been? did u think i lost my #boing? not in this life, brotha!
never paint on a surf board! when great whites attack restoration can be difficult! 8)
where'd you go jim? what are you doing with those wire cutters? ;^
@sweetnclassy9 yes! ;^&gt;
on sat i was at a 5 star resturant when they switched their regular coffee to #boing! couldn't tell until i overtipped. ;^&gt;
@chereliz yer sweet belleville. ;^)
@dantzlerjason that's heaven you're describing! 8^j
... and it was the greatest thing that ever happened 2 me! i finally understood what #boing was! i hope you got my previous tweets. %^&gt;
@__tolga__ wonderful ;^&gt;
@luckylid88 i'm glad you enjoy my enjoyment! my #boing as it were! ;^j
@sarahkstanley this #boing can't be bought! %^&gt;
@taniamjb wow! that was formidable! humbly i return your #boing ;^)
painted a man running in flames cause he can't live in a shelter. it's meaning has not yet occurred 2 me but i'm sure it's a good thing! ;^)
i've been painting! each new work is like a child. i sleep in a separate room but it still has my full attention. i need a baby monitor. ;^j
the next thing that happens to you is exactly what you need! all roads lead to #boing ;^)
@nycstreetdancer i love that song! ;^&gt;
@freejy #boing #boing #boing!!! %^&gt;
@kathpe the beatles! {8^o  {3^o  }:^/  {;^j  here comes the #boing doot'n doodoo!
@jo_cosmicmate everything! ;^)
@ann_smiles s'beautiful. preeshee8 it! ;^)
@flapackfan u have it! #boing! ;^&gt;
@yankeegirl51680 happy #boing day! %^p
@goodrepore u are anti#boing! u are cyclops! o^(
@bradbruce00 amen! ;^d
@razmataz72 i played pinky tuscadero! :^({)}3
@monicatonella without a doubt! #boing ;^&gt;
@jellybone #boing my friend #boing! ;^&gt;
@mzbrendal u 2 brenda! ;^)
@erisiandiva78 preeshee8 that! ;^)
@ebulliencepress affirmed! #boing ;^&gt;
@sincomplejos #boing ;^)
@brazillian725 well? i'm waiting! ;^&gt;
anyone out there care to #boing right now?!  ~8^j
@jannahtesl cute. care to #boing? ;^/
spent 10min trying 2 spell 'exercise' 2day. sometimes a word you know how 2 spell suddenly just doesn't look right, even on spell check. %^p
@caroleannmarie have you learned about peptides and how the learn and seek familiar behavior. they talk about it in 'what the bleep'. ;^)
i #boing, therefore i am! ~8^}
@jeburnett make sure he gets lots of exercise or he may chew up the couch. %^b
@itchypink i'm glad for you. ;^)
let's all find something 2 love about ourselves 2day.4 instance i rock in every way, times infinity but u can start with something small ;^)
@clairecull #boing %^)
#boing won't you bounce this big ble ball?!
#boing ~8^}=; 
~8^}=; #boing 
#~8^}boing!!!  
;^) 
;^) 
;^) 
;^) 
;^) 
;^) 
;^) 
;^) 
#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing .okay seriously i'm goin'! g#boing! i mean g'bye!!! ;^&gt;
what profit a man, 2 gain the world and lose his #boing ? i'm leaving the the stream 4 a few days! i love u all! see ya when i see ya! ;^)
#goodmornoonevening world! i woke up hungry today! could u please pass the #boing ?%^d
@shaemaree93 here, u can use mine till u get yours back! #boing ;^&gt;
@emanuellenery i love brazil!  %^&gt;
@mikekrummm don't tempt me you deep dish devil, you! %^d
@ozone503 peace on earth {b^|
you :^|^: me
@officialxaeon s'good! i wonder why the mouth is bound. verbal abuse? ;^]
@ozone503 i read your grime,now it's takin time 2 remove the slime,couldn't mike a dime cause it didn't ryme!it's a hole in the ozone!b^p
sorry some of u didn't get my pic. it was only the most amazing picture ever posted!no it was just a fun little pic filled with #boing! %^j
@call_me_corrina #boing is not conducive to sleep! as you read this you may notice a sudden urge to get well and start your day! %^&gt;
imagine if this hacker put his/her talent 2 some worthy use. they could 1 day have more than a false sense of superiority. they'd #boing ;^&gt;
#boing doesn't take pleasure from kicking over other peoples' sandcastles! ;^|
@marietinaboo this is ant#boing ;^\
@alexraz the secret to my #boing is... nutmeg! shhhhh! ;^
@jenickawynne i like them pink headed canadian. for that i draw you #boing ~8^|)=;
@maverik yeah, well you'll have to line up behind james garner mel gibson and john mccain on the 'maverik' handle, captain originality! {b^p
i wrote that joke 4 mother's day. #boing to u mothers! ;^*
no 1 told my mom smoking cigarettes during pregnancy was bad 4 the fetus. luckily the fluid in her womb made'em impossible 4 me to light ;^/
@tru_enygma no i can't read it all as there are so many, but i hope you can find some professional counseling and some solice! ;^)
@firetown i can quit anytime i want (jitter jitter twitch twitch) %^}
@jcofluffy spank you kindly megalips! ;^m
@tru_enygma i don't do that anne! but i wish you well. ;^)
@carolynalicea i love you too! ;^&gt;
@fullmntaljacket the unbearable lightness of #boing! %^d
@echo0889 thx houston! i heard every #boing is bigger in texas! 8^
looks pretty! anything out of the norm can bring you #boing! that's how ben franklin studied! twitter distracting?
@born2hayt sorry i couldn't get chillowack clearence! ;^p
@elke_n #boing has no advisaries! ;^]
@couchmaster yo aldershot high! %^d
@tru_enygma ;^)
@bkmiller23 u caught me! i wrote that with an old friend. it was recorded by jazz duo tuck and patty they brought a sweet #boing to it! ;^&gt;
@mrsmayer202 no. i lived there until i was 4 and then moved to willowdale. learned to ride my two wheel #boing there, though. ;^)
do you realize, that you have the most beautiful #boing ? {b^q
@chanty_panty  #boing is a popsicle during a heat wave! ;^)
@juanglvn you will fly higher than normal! you will smile when someones baby cries in the next row. you will make a friend be4 u land! ;^)
@elegantscalis and to you too! spank you kindly! ;^)
@ms_tko ain't nothin' like the real #boing, baby! ain't nothin' like the real #boing! {b^*
@innercreation and the #boing bounces right back to you understanding one. %^&gt;
@cynthiahorton #boing #boing #boing! ~8^}
@tatipattz i feel that for completely and i spank you, kindly! {b^)
@barretoleandro be well friend! much #boing. {b^j
@ms_tko well then my #boing floweth over, dear lady! help yourself if you like! ;^&gt;
@comeback36 there is no alone. sorry ;^)
@mindreader_ i like to read your tweets. your thoughtful. are you kind? ;^)
@audreymennas preeshee8 the #boing {b^j
@sherilynnme spank you kindly, madam! ;^j
@ringadinggirl spank you kindly! much #boing ;^d
@bfree4eva hope it still brings the #boing %^&gt;
@bfree4eva hope it still brings the #boing %^&gt;
@graecie u are all equally special. all have #boing ;^)
@danielbolger your a neet guy daniel. #boing ;^&gt;
@bigirlbeauty they are the cyclops. the anti#boing! o^(
@denisemsmith no. you're free too! ;^)
@carolmemartin i already have all of u, beauty! ;^)
@suerogers2 #boing friend! #boing! ;^&gt;
thanks nyc! it was loads of fun! now i'm going back to la to weigh myself!
i mingled wth the flwrs at rose bar jingled wth singles at provocateur and released the kraken in a throbbing ny organism called pacha! #%^}
btw moms, giving birth is the ultimate #boing!kids r pure #boing!u feel it when u watch them discovering what we take 4 granted! :^ whatsa?
@borakrc @outacontext o^\
i #boinged all night in new york! dancing like an oil fire that cannot be capped! at 1 point i lost my form and became a dodecahedron! [%^!
the sweet subteranian la esquina! i was moved here in nyc! i gotta feel the east coast #boing more often! {b^&gt; 
@angeesperance #boing ;^&gt;
@belua_v spank you kindly. [:^}
@zyemorphusphere i'm more of a window than a door so try rob zombie or google horror movie prod/dir call em,tell em u wanna submit ideas }8]
here's another glimpse at my new painting 'heart upon re-entry'. my #boing is on fire in tribeca!!! }:^&gt;~
here's another glimpse of 'heart upon re-entry'. my #boing is on fire in tribeca! }=^&gt;~
@bradbruce00 that was cool. spank you kindly! ~8^}=;
@abcdariu yip! ;^&gt;
@adriaan76 open your eyes cyclops! %^\
a peek at my ny painting 'heart upon re-entry' acrylic n #boing on canvass.see the hole soon on jimcarrey.com {b^&gt;
think i stay up late in la?the monalisa's and mad hatters of nyc are used 2 uberstimulation.they #boing while others sleep!so be it {b^&gt;
@spicygoddess double #boing!!! %^&gt;
#boing world! i was up late in nyc n i'm having breakfast! waffles eggs and paint in tribeca! yummyyyyy!!! {b^&gt; 
the jane carrey band brings the #boing @dakotalounge 5/15. 1st time back since birth of lil' poptart! tickets:
yeah,#boing! jimcarrey.com just won the 2010 webby award and i'm holding u pple responsible! spank you kindly! ;^)
@hegleevan it's the #boing ;^&gt;
look who i'm hang' with! jean-michel basquiat! the man's had much #boing ~8^}=&lt;;
@green_tuxedo rt if ny is the big apple la is massive habanero! %^&gt;
goin' to look at art that i cannot afford 2day just 4 inspiration. i painted this morning lookin' at ny skyline. nothin' but #boing!!! {b^&gt;
@helenaechelon #boing it is!  {b^&gt;
@rtbasschik rt i know that 4 sure! i love ny. ;^* &lt;--that's me kissin' it!
my #boing is headed 4 nyc!they call it 'the big apple' but 2 me it's a pizza with everything on it! (me with 3 chins)---&gt;  ;^d)))
this is the only #boing i can show u now, but when it's done u'll see it in fast motion at jimcarrey.com {b^  
@te_lucky sure. #boing {b^&gt;
@alyzabethm @tv_chopper ultimately? #boing! {b^)
@lestermarshall you're my friend too lester. be the #boing ;^)
peyton reed friend and director of 'yes man'. lotta los feliz #boing here! jealous? {b^j
cary elwes. we're both out and have very little to do now but eat #boing killing carbs! ;^&gt; : )=;
e from the eels who's new album 'end times' is available on itunes takes the croquet match. he brought the #boing! ~8^}=;
@breen_jimmy got it. croquet! spank you kindly! ;^
@anmikeneel i like people sue my cyclops! ;^\
or croshay? or kroasheh? or quro ahh fuggit! i wish i had that mallet right now. i'd find the guy that came up with that name n #boing }%^\
wait is it croce? ;^\
@stianmj i spam joy! what's your song, birdie? {8&gt;p
@sarahrodenbaugh u can #boing with no hands but to each her own #boing! ~8^}=;
@ankh_tygababe   yeeeeahhh, #boiiiinnnnggggg!!!! ~8^}=;
@rutearsenio way to #boing beautiful! ~8^}=;
@cateechelon #boing ;^d
@nocapricho @mairimba #boing brazil! {b^&gt;
@mrrabrown sorry, quiet #boing {b^c
now we're bouncin' our big blue ball, #boing #boing! i love to hear your #boing #boing y'all!!! {b^v
@batool7assan well, here's a hint. your tw't was anti#boing {b^p
now screeeeeeeeeaaaaaaammmmmmmm!!!!! {b^q
everybody say #boing #boing %^&gt;
@irenemathi times a million! here's one for you. #boing ;^&gt;
everybody say #boooooooooiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnngggggggg!!! {b^o
@dafnima "you had me at"... oh sh*t, one of my exes said that! 8^j
@factualfiction s'nice. ;^)
@chuckw1978 so not true chucky #boing {b^*
@alice_maylily that part was a joke. it was just kinda sad but now my #boing is back. ;^&gt;
@tyrobertson ~8^}
@ann_smiles you're the miracle! be the #boing ;^)
@dustinevans1 no problem man. i'm sorry too. much #boing ;^)
@beef_tongue fck u
last night in a dream i held a woman as she wept n said she was falling out of love with me.i said "cool, but i want my #boing back! ~8^}=;
@sofflowers i love all that i paint sofia because all that i paint is #boing! ~8^}=;
@navnidhi #boing ~8^}=;
@maureenvaes #boing gave you that pretty smile. ~8^}=;
@harry_amon scuse me, while i kiss the #boing {b^
@ethicspiedpiper ~8^}=;
@greenks1105 #boing ;^&gt;
@harry_amon that was some serious #boing man! hadn't seen that jimmy footage! preeshee8 it! ~8^}=;
@hollyboo2583 i love you too! #boing. ~8^}=;
@jahrends #boing wins always!cause anti#boing envies #boing but has never felt #boing and doesn't believe it can #boing. but it will!~8^}=;
@tyrobertson google burton golgberg.'curing depression'. drugs are anti#boing. but you have to get off safely! much love! ;^)
@tyrobertson no such thing as can't feel. fear i'll explode if i feal is the truth. have the courage 2 scream and cry and #boing comes! ~8^}
@rockdog7711 good one! you #boing ;^&gt;
@dustinevans1 u wear that cowboy hat so people won't know you're bald! there's a point! anti#boing {b^j
@chocoway love you too maggie, and so does #boing ~8^}=;
@haroonriaz #boing is, haroon! ~8^}=;
@tcosmanj preeshee8 it mate! #boing ~8^}=;
@mindreader_ i wish that 4 u! #boing ~8^}=;
@nlholistic ~8^}=; bouncy!
~8^}=; #boing is a noun and a verb. eg. i #boing because i have #boing! #boing y'all...for it is boing that bounces the big blue ball! ;^)
this is what #boing looks like  ~8^}=;  he's the little squeek in your chest when you get excited about something or someone.then u #boing
@birdygirl67 jealous? {b^j
@toe102 @ohpleaselikejoe no... if fact if #boing isn't bounced around it dies and so does the big blue ball! {b^)
@ohpleaselikejoe are you... seducing me corinna?! {b^* #boing is in the air!
@19aavey443 i'm good sexy! how's your #boing? {b^&gt;
@drunkentigerjk i think you're great! #boing ;^)
glad you're enjoying jimcarry.com. it's a labor of love and it's about to go to a whole new level...of #boing that is!  ~8^}=;
#boing everybody! sometimes i use caps because i want to emphasize the importance of what i'm saying. it doesn't always mean i'm angry. ;^)
@elizastuddert monet's my very favorite painter! the light in his painting is #boing! ~8^}=;
goodnighmornoonevening!!! pass the #boing amongst yourselves! ~8^}=;
@xxnapoleonsolo  neil,love your friends,hoist one in my name,don't hurt a livin' soul,and bring out the #boing! ~8^}=;
@stevevantine some day soon the #boing will be revealed! preeshee8  your vote of confidence! ;^&gt;
i have no idea what i'm going to paint.my subconscious mind will have it's way,no doubt and there will be #boing involved! ~8^}?=;
@mthoughts you're a dick. good luck with that
friday was filled with #boing! i finished building and priming a wood surface the size of my living room wall to start a huge painting! {b^
@fatchickinla what?! i can't hear you! your too lower case!you should use caps! oh...and kiss my ass!!! %^*
@mthoughts yer mean. congratulations. you lose, anti#boing. ;^\
there's a new sexual superhero in town!his name is 'cornicopious'!coming 2 a threesome near u!bring a friend!
@polo_of_america sss'nice #boing ;^&gt;
@greenxgrass good on ya, #boing %^o
i created a sexual superhero that i introduced to the live conan crowd and the #boing went bananas!
the jane carrey band brings the #boing @dakotalounge 5/15. 1st time back since birth of lil' poptart! tickets:
@bonniebell good 4 u! protect their #boing ;^&gt;
@gregohara if u cannot feel the #boing u are not yet a jedi! ;^]
@michlanthysmith oh your good michael but i'm ready! #boing %^&gt;
beware the anti#boing! 8^}
@cexyprinc3ss202 no cyclops. you must have two eyes to see the #boing o^/
penguins are #boing itself!!! c:&gt;(  )b
@lankyisback it's the anti#boing ;^)
@maemae198825 aren't they awesome?! your pretty! {b^j
@chanceglasco don't ask me what you already know. feel the #boing luke! {b^)
maybe drug companies shouldn't be allowed to advertise on tv, like the cigarette companies!then we might all get our #boing back! {b^&gt;
@lesliemplt stop sqashing the #boing  {b^j
@katykk i don't pick the sponsors! if i did they wouldn't be drug companies. ;^)
@youarereported source gave me the #boing. ;^)
@sunfire_shady u bet your #boing i am! {b^]
the drug dealer hangs on your family room wall! he's on 500 channels and he's getting to our children through our failure to #boing {b^o
just read an article on teens' addiction to pills. the drug dealer is on the wall in your living room and he pays for your fav shows. {b^j
i wish every1 in the gossip industry #boing cause once you have #boing you'll never go back! {b^j
got paparazzied at 'the little door' resturant yesterday and realized,gossip photogs spend their lives backing up.beware the anti#boing {b^)
@rinwa51 no. your the one that's aware of the voice in your head. that voice is often the anti-#boing
i definitely wanna but i'm afraid we might get in trou... #boing ohhhh! it's comin any#boing! feels so#boing! i really#boing! ahhhh!!! %^q
a lot of people say they wanna but then they have second thoughts! {b^&gt;
do you wanna?! {b^&gt;
oh by the way, i may have spelled cyclops wrong but frankly my dear... i don't give a #boing. ;^)
...#boing mother f%*kers #boing mother f%*kers #boing!!!#boing #boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing#boing!!! {b^p
the vision of these narrow minds is flat,2d,and those of us who see are something 2 fear. so i say to you who need 2 call me nuts...cont---&gt;
...and so you serve no purpose except to get in the way of those who bounce this big blue ball. i call you cyclops because... cont---&gt;
that some1 might create something with lasting impact in this world, something u cannot find the faith or the courage to dream of...cont--&gt;
i'm so sane in fact,that i have managed to transcend the pettiness of your kind my whole life! u suppressive types who r so afraid...cont--&gt;
#boing world! i'm so grateful 2 u who bounce the big blue ball with me but i've had it with u who need 2 chalk me up as crazy. cont.--&gt;
i wish you all the sweetest dreams! good night! (that's me being normal)
some say i'm weird on twitter.but it's all just art to me.freedom of expression.if my #boing offends u, feel free to unfollow me. s'okay ;^)
@gladman tell ya what. i'm going to do whatever i feel compelled to do here and your free to leave! sound fair? glad to help! #boing {b^p
#boing is tickled pink by his own fingers! 8^}7
@anty1sawesome don't get hung up on the word mark. read between the #boings ;^)
@kells077 yes very! #boing ;^)
@nikkiniknak you definitely #boing {b^j sss'nice!!!
@gothicalrose drugs don't #boing they oobbnnggi ;^\
#boing makes a meal out of life and sets the table for you and your friends!
#boing takes a lickin' and keeps on tickin'! =b^)-
#boing looks forward to the next face it meets! 8^]
#boing was in stevie wonder, etta james and louie armstrong! b^[]
@dezimilo s'all i'm sayin'! you #boing ! %^d
@bran13 labeler. #boing ;^&gt;
@joelbeee i stopped watching tv. this and painting are more fulfilling. #boing ;^&gt;
@genehiltonphoto that's boeing but it gets you up in the air. ;^&gt;
@humayun76 there too! #boing ;^]
@thelovelylouise an essential part of it. yes! much love! ;^)
#boing is jumping six feet to catch her master's frisbee!   }:&lt;p
#boing is dancing on broadway! %^v
#boing is in vangoh's sunflowers.
#boing has happened to every great artist and innovator since the beginning of time. ;^{
#boing already knows it's a done deal! {%^|
#boing has no adversaries! #:^j
#boing can beat cancer! ;^]
#boing is not afraid to weep! {;^(]
#boing is beautiful, no matter what it weighs! :^o))
#boing can't be held down! {b^&gt;
#boing let's it go! :^v
#boing is never fed up! %^j
#boing isn't mean! ;^/
#boing doesn't hate! ;^-
#boing doesn't feel guilty! ;^}
#boing carrey's on! ;^&gt;
#boing bounces back! ;^)
u think i'll let it go your mad, u got another #boing comin'!!! =%^&lt;&gt;
@sorenbertelsen nothing good can happen without #boing ;^)
pleeeeeeease release me! let me #boing  c]:^j
@vincent_wolf mine is the kingdom of #boing {b^)
@jsossaman i couldn't #boing it better myself! {b^&gt;
could somebody finish this peter and gordon song lyric for me? "i don't care what they say, i won't stay in a world without #-----! %^j
@rociojonas1 then put some hot sauce on it and #boing mexico! %^p
@avel_val i adore you back! #boing ;^)
@tommybx28 judge not lest ye be #boinged ;^)
all you need is #boing ,#boing ,#boing is all you need! {8^d
@jessehinnah i love anything that brings us together, jesse. the sillier the better! pass this to your pals! #boing!!!! {b^&gt;
when richard dreyfus got attacked in 'jaws' did he stay at the bottom? no! he went #boing to the surface sayin 'did i miss anything?!' -0^)
did sir edmund hillary turn back when he could see the summit of everest a few ft away?! no! he reached inside 2 find the #boing ! %^j
#goodmornoonevenight world!great work!wooo,the air is thin up here on trend mtn.some folks wanna quit but #boing must go all the way! ;^[]
on 2 the summit folks! i gotta sleep now, but would you who do not, please carrey me with ya?! "i ain't heavy! i'm your #boing #boing "{b^j
like mick jagger said,"i wanna get you to the top, #boing #boing ;^({})
congratulations! we're bouncin' that big blue ball! our world wide #boing is now trending y'all!!! %^p shall we bounce it 2 the top?! #boing
@kimberlygoodwin #boing boing, my good friend. we've started to trend! ;^d
...
bo bo boi spin! swoon!
boi... cough! cough!
@disillusionists #boing
@chaseeverton #boing
@drunkentigerjk #boing
@studders86 #boing
@whitney8d #boing
@humberto1731 #boing
@joejoekrq #boing
@mainchung #boing
@lujainaliman #boing
@macaronimaniac6 #boing
@reecetrevor #boing
@trepe #boing
@krugern #boing
@lortrebel #boing
@liolemmings #boing
@miss_tink_mar #boing
@jessicabairstow #boing
@janeangelique #boing
@huckfinndbest #boing
@chicago_lollie #boing
@ri_ri1992 #boing
@dizzy254 #boing
@arakinskywalker #boing
@hotbrownie2010 #boing
@chrish00pes #boing
put a hash on it!!!!!!!!!!! %^&lt;&gt;
it spells #boing that's what it spells!!!!!
goodnighternoomornevening! that should cover every time zone! i'm goin' to bed! ]^ zzzzzzzz
what does it spell?!!!! &lt;;^()
what does it spell?!!!! {b^&gt;
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 8^
nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn 8^d
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii =^j
oooooooooooooooooo :^}
who would u like future folk 2 see? were we beautiful? did we love?! in 200 hundred yrs the pple who read this may need a little #boing %^&gt;
@paultrull i heard! we're gonna make future folk smile! #boing to you, sir! ;^&gt;
got love?! the library of congress is bouncin' it into the future! come on humanity! do it now and your #boing will never die!!!! %^d
hey east coast usa, i'm gonna be there soon, cause "i'm in a new york state of #boing " {b^j
@glitterusa we are all part of the one big #boing ;^)
@spongii101 grrr, what are you kids doin' in here? havin' #boing mom! geeze! ;^/
@cheekymoon put some #boing on that sandwich and let me have a bite! {b^b)
@blaklitemasacre you can't keep a good #boing down! %^&gt;
@kibure i'm just you talkin' to yourself. ;^]
@trastew open the two other eyes and you will #boing ;^j
@drawingdebi goodafternight! ;^&gt;
@robert78229 ssssssure! be #boing! ;^)
@irenemathi #boing {b^j
@damilafaiele you are doing great! welcome! ;^}
@debartles potassium is essential! ;^j
#boing #boing # boing #boing #boing #boing #boing  hash tag it! we can bounce this big blue ball, y'all!!! {b^&gt;
@munkus1 spank you kindly! ;^)
@munkus1 you bet! boooooiiiiiiinnnnnnggggg!!!! pass it please! ;^)
@uncleugs london's gonna bounce this big blue ball! i love to hear your big ben booooiiiiiinnnngggggg! ;^j
@lovethegube ;^j
@mark_bruno just a free bird! boing! ;^)
hey guys, catch a glimpse of my sexual superhero on youtube. his name is cornicopious! in love he is powerless, but he's horny plenty! ;^j
@pogeyman oh canaboing!!! %^j
@adrianotbm goodmornighternoon brazil! ;^)
#goodmornight world! i am so happy to be snuggled up next to you right now! ;^)
i rrrefuse 2 define boing! 1 day when you've given up your need 2 explain it and file it neatly away, 'boing'... you will understand! }=^p
my crew david page and kelly gregson made kick ass/cornicopious costumes for conan show within hrs. so i could give youtubers new boing! %^p
expectation preceeds actualization! i expect to boioioing!!! ;^)
@razmataz72 sorry eleonora! make that betty boing! ;^&gt;
@razmataz72 nice one buddy boing!!! ;^)
@smellicat rt u can't keep a good boing down!
@worldlynathalie boing! &lt;%^d
@hellsbells76 boing back atcha liverpool? anyone interesting ever come from there! hehe! the beatles new how to boing!!!! {b^]
#goodmornight world! it's a sweet cali day! i'm still buzzing from the on the fly mayhem of the second conan show! long may he boing! ?:^&gt;
@rickrapier "and the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon!" put aside some quality time to boing together, while you still can! %^&gt;
@ssssstevo boingin' you back!!! ;^)
@linajad what does boing feel like to you? ;^j
@kdixon7783 no i'm not. r u? ;^)
@icatalina i like that music! boyoyoing!!! ;^)
@gogreengirlgo very true! u could order it ala decartes! boinggg!!! ;^&gt;
@mikael2nd take it! boing!!! ;^d
@eddicito boooooiiiiiiiinnnnnngggg!!! pass it on!!! ;^)
@bedheadblue no fear. just boing!!! ;^)
@akb1096  there's no up or down! we've known this since galileo! north south east and west are an illusion too! ;^)
@eda_e don't be afraid to bounce! boinggggg!!! ;^d
@priyab1981 there's no difference between the two! hope your surgery went well! ;^)
@mystifyingdemon you gotta get open?! boing!!! %^j
@melissavaldez passin' it means your on my team! it's all yours! boing!!! ;^&gt;
eternity is not a measure of time!it's the depth of this moment!heaven is here,now!find it!feel it!boing boing, everybody!boing boing!!! ;^)
@robert78229 not to worry. i don't eat chipmunk! boing!!! ;^)
@milkspiller i got out of the way and it came to me! this is for everyone! some rising some going to bed. speakin' to the whole you/me! ;^)
#goodmornight world! there is no exterior! welcome to the whole you/me!!! booooooiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnggggggg!!!!
you're not the one reading this tw't.you're the awareness that this tw't is being read!feel free 2 be the whole you/me... and booiinngg! ;^)
goodmornight world!as u read this tw't,feel your body as the space in which it's happening.then you'll be the whole you/me...and boing! ;^o
on my 'boing' way to 'boing' with conan live at universal! where big boys boing!!! {b^&gt;
#boing everybody! boing everybody! boing! {b^0
lemme hear you bounce this big blue ball!boing boing!we can bounce this big blue ball!boing boing!can u bring  that boing boing,y'all?! {b^&gt;
boing is the moment when you take a hit and you bounce back up! boyoyoing!!! %^&gt;
i 'boing' think i might've started 'boing' something 'boing'!!! {b^&gt;
@kessa1967 boooiiinnnggg!!! ;^p
@claireyeddy cheers'n'boing!!! {b^&gt;
@clairey cheers'n'boing!!!! {b^&gt;
@ukmatty01 rt hey uk, i'll give you a 'boing' if you promise to 'bend it like beckhem'! ;^p
@dabrusta just say hello! that ant is your real landlord! boing!!! ;^)
@sexyllana double boing!!! 8^p
wow! it looks like this big blue ball is gonna keep bouncin'! hope the satellite can is built for it! booooooiiiiiiiiiiinnnnngggggg!!!!! 8^j
@raybubbz long as you got my back. look out! booooiiiiinnnggg!!! 8^}
@chasehauser no time! boing!!! ;^&gt;
@starpussy nice lip! double boing!!! ;^@
@brown_eyed_grl meet cha at tim horton's! boing!!! ;^)
@fatsmitty74 ...stick a finger in yer eye! boing!!! ;^d
@fatsmitty74 ...stick a finger in yer eye! boing!!! ;^d
@ambrosejames he shoots he scores! boing!!!
@odinger no time to figure it out! just pass it man! boingggg!!! ;^o
@xkinniex thanks scotland, heads up moscow! boing!!! ;^j
@bindery hmmm... boing!!! ;^p
@andyysayss i love that city! hate that bat! boing!!! :^)
@healgrief i'm wackin' it right back atcha korea! boing! %^d
@d3wizl toinggg!!! ;^)
@alexrev_ ouch! no biggie! boing!!! ;^)
@basicblackts08 thanks! boing!!! ;^&gt;
@mzmclean no worries! try again! boing!!! ;^&gt;
@xstephxowensx oh, yeah? boing!!! ;^p
@sylviobr boing!!! ;^)
heads up australian insomniacs! boing! ;^d
@deedeew95 i love your faces off, thailand! %^&gt;
@cozemc yummy! ;^)
@rena_1 have a great afternoon, brazil! ;^)
@syaiffrie ;^)
@revvmaster sure is. spank you kindly! ;^)
@lucky_carmz joseph campbell understood the importance of mythology and how the same stories are regenerated.always wanted to talk 2'em. ;^)
@whooznext see how they run like pigs from a gun see how they fly! {b^&gt;
good night my friends! time for this dreamer to rock the r.e.m. state! ;^)
@tha_mist john ritter was a very nice man who loved his family and made a lot of pple happy.in other words his life was a great success! ;^)
@shimmyloco gary oldman was the best dracula! {b^&gt;
@gregorybmuszkie check out the man on the moon audition tape i made for milos, on jimcarrey.com in clips near movie trailor on player. {b^&gt;
@prayforpeebles who 'nose'. ;^)
@eplusjo i feel it, accept it, and watch it pass, like the weather. ;^)
@allyska none. ;^)
@heymynameisevan we can! ;^)
@keluna you just fine! ;^)
@mmeesh rt elton and bernie left a message at this number 226 968 3335 843 5683 8664448? {b^&gt;
@toughpicker every moment i'm new! ;^)
@legallylauren julie christie was a smf! ;^)
@canigetascoop hi ;^)
@onikapointer surprisingly still at times. you might be surprised. b well. ;^)
@redmaga order me a grilled cheese and pass the ketchup! {b^&gt;
@colourista your not alone at all. ;^)
@marydem89 spank you kindly! ;^)
@alienanchovies look it up,man. it's helpful. ;^)
@ms_tko that's a beautiful smile you have. thanks for the emoticon;^)
@alienanchovies @johnmgordon google, burton goldberg. 'curing depression'. order the dvd. b free. ;^)
@zyemorphusphere yeah, i'm static free. a clear channel. out of the way of it! ssss'awesome!  {b^&gt;
@pifouneei 4 5683 968 ;^)
@brooklynwynter if i don't know about'em, love had nothin' to do with it! ;^o
@jannah_g ... tweedley deet! ;^)
@kris_ugu cherish him! hehe! ;^)
@therealjillk filters are for phonies, you know, like your parents. ;^)
@nessamendiola hello! ;^)
@heymynameisevan everyone has taken drugs. especially your grandparents! ;^)
@therealjillk i'm not sad in any way. you may be projecting your feelings. if so i wish you freedom from your pain. truly! u seem nice. ;^)
@texaspenelope ... said the aardvark to the ant! ;^)
@ralph5806 it's ego that plays the game of separateness! read tolle's new earth. smart man. ;^)
@jskogerboe i don't do drugs fucker! ;^)
@agnesandedna that was an interesting one. peter sellers, ringo star. nice memory for me. ;^)
@johnnyferro good for you brother! one of the greatest! ;^)
@georgekukunis but i'm everything in the f%*king universe so what am i supposed to grow into?the training wheels are off dude!heheee!!! ;^)
@carolinavaleska nicarrraguaaaaaaa!!!!! weeeeeeeeee!!!! 8^v?
@reeeteixeira aaaaaaaarruuugalaaaaaa!!!!! %^o
network,shampoo,graduate,chinatown,godfather,bing there,harold and maude,how to get ahead in advertising.see'em,or yer not in the gang! {b^&gt;
@priyab1981 may the power that gives form to this dance of consciousness be with you and heal you, good lady! how's that? :^)
@selalves love the pics. i love you too. ;^&gt;
the bible says,"if thyne eye offends thee pluck it out!"but i suggest u explore the lasik option first!if that not good then yank it! }*^o
@johnj0hn who hurt you john? ;^&gt;
@taylorgrace1226 hi there sweety! ;^&gt;
thing a president palin might say."shut the door on yer missile silo, kim jong-il! what's the matter? were you born in a barn?!" %^*
@toggorocks spanx toggo! preeshee8 it! {b^&gt;
in a world where 'sane' often means 'inauthentic', i'd prefer to be called madman! }%^ ow ow oooowww!!!
@cardinals1977 go buy a lottery ticket matt! ;^&gt;
@misshcoulson the british folks i know in la, all get surprisingly joyful when it rains! all this sun can make'em home sick! cheers! ;^&gt;
@jasondantzler i'm wearing my ninja turtle underwear right now jason! nutn wrong wit dat! %^&gt;
@crystal_mkrep i'm quite happy but love is always welcome. spanx! ;^&gt;
spank u kindly 4 sharing your heaven!it seems the gates r easily openned by children,blue skies,beaches'n'baby goats!look no further! 8^
five minutes for napping. time for mom and dad to go on a power play!
swimazing {b^&gt;
@jessscaaa s'nice! ;^)
send me your pictures of heaven! ;^)
heaven ;^)
heaven [:^\
heaven 8^p
heaven %^&gt;
heaven! ;^)
of
the 1 and only
is
theirs
4 5683 968 ;^)
hearts
pure
are
blessed 
and now that i've established my moral superiority to everyone in the gossip industry, i'm going to yank it to free porn and go to bed! 8^
@matineeidyll i know great pr people. it's a valuable service. ;^&gt;
watching and reading gossip is like eating somethin' greasy. fun at first but afterwords u feel gross. it seems 2 drain your vitality. ;^\
the gossip industry is a cancer on our culture!those who work in it don't understand their worth.i wish them luck with their compromise. ;^)
rt the whole world is sleeping, but you're still conscious! for u there's poetron 3000 hacking into jimcarrey.com sometime this summer! {b^&gt;
@imrachelc so glad you liked it. b well. ;^)
@zezealves i don't like the word follower. admirer yes. no 1 should be deified, but he is a wise man a great influence and good friend. ;^)
s'nice talkin 2 ya! ;^)
@cinecittafan i'd stop stalin and get to work! }:^[
watchin kick ass reminded me,our new 'geek heroes' wouldn't exist without my buddy judd apatow who was there watching it with me.s'neat ;^)
@woodiegrl no costume. ;^)
@mariannelise there mad cause i reminded them they were sad! ;^)
@guyaneezgyal i see all that and your undies! kidding. ;^)
@priyab1981 ;^)
@kellymschults ...brilliantly! ;^)
@guyaneezgyal hi pickering girl. ;^)
@elegantscalis come on, sherlock! time to do some of that famous deducing! ;^)
saw kick ass yesterday. it rocked in the sickest way! i'm happy 4 nick cage! loved seeing his true comic book passion manifest itself! {b^&gt;
@biggestortizfan i'm no expert. your gonna have to make your own mistakes. nice guns man! ;^)
@gnrnashba maybe your character has a problem with herself too. most do. so start there and figure out how she covers it. ;^)
@evieisfat 968 866 ;^)
@arigirl i am. spank you kindly! ;^)
@rachaelmomof3 friends are awesome! ;^)
@lukasridge coffee ;^)
@eda_e wrong ;^)
@fal00la 4 5683 968 ;^)
i love acting in movies, but i don't like acting my way through life! as time goes on i'll do less and less of that. have sweet dreams! ;^)
at times i feel like i'm wearing street clothes in the middle of an elaborate costume drama, making it hard 4 some folks 2 keep acting. ;^)
played tennis 2day. funny, how u can take a bad shot personally. "it's not the shot! it's who i aaam!" ego's a tricky little devil! }:^&gt;~
@gregjohncop great compliment. you are! ;^)
@piepypiep amsterdamn!!! {b^&gt;
@raebabee907 bust those balls kid. ;^)
@deannasimcox i could be hiding with my merry men. ;^)
@toddcasttv late summer, early fall. are u man enough? ;^)
@ladyshoodjnl please find something to love about yourself. you're worth more than this. ;^)
when a dog does tricks 4 fun, the biscuits 'will' come!!! }:&lt;           sorry for typing error earlier.
@onebailey i'll take it and send it back times infinity! ;^)
@jazzdaddy101 when you stop wanting and decide to already have them in your mind. ;^)
@davidhartford it's right! ;^)
@gillopezjr u got it right! ;^)
@leadmeon ;^*
@shinetome 4 5683 968 255 ;^)
@ketan01 bow wow wow yippie yo yippie yay! bow wow yippie yo yippie yay! {b^&gt;
@mrware21 honest? yes. creative? you bet. weird? in no way! b well! ;^)
@clairvoyant8 well that's easily fixable these days. save up. do one boob at a time! i need my penis shortened, damn it! %^&gt;
@jenaseegalet make up and costume removal. that's all. ;^)
@valele_4 hi, beautiful. ;^)
@gtothewalls spank you kindly! ;^)
@maxfieldskermer you too. 4 5683 968 ;^)
@raebabee907 don't squash please. let me run. b free! ;^)
@flickindebean ;^)
@flickindebean ;^)
@fruvous i look oddly dressed to people because most people are doing a costume drama.
@rudzicenine don't ever hope. know! ;^)
@crazydavey25 i don't think you're paying attention ;^)
@emilyilyx3  4 5683 968! ;^)
@mahoma1 crushed. but i'll get over it.  ;^)
@rosalena73 but can you learn any? ;^)
i'm a smart dog.i do lots of tricks.but i'm tired of the commands, so i lost my master and now it's all 4 fun.the biscuits will come! ;^)
@artfreakjo spank you kindly! ;^)
@justicefacts i don't really care quite honestly. no offense. good luck! {b^&gt;
@lauracio lot of people did the last supper! including raphael. correctacon!;^)
@maharshi_23 spank you kindly! ;^)
@relaxjamie heave with honey on it! ;^)
@somonted that's how real playas play! honest! ;^)
@somonted i've have a lot of money! when you can say that, as if it already is, you will too! promise! ;^)
@eplusjo don't ever call yourself a loser!others either.u have a beautiful face.it makes me happy.don't take life too personally. 5683 ;^)
@sabrinam7 g'day sabrina! if the sun goes away down under it could be jealous of your shiny face! much love! ;^&gt;
@flipbooks you look like prick. think i'll block your ass. by now. ;^)
@alexkyte13 i know like sssssinge! my tweet to you was filled with those words. wakie, wakie, alex! ;^)
@sheragi i have not been clinically depressed for years. pissed off disappointed or sad at times, but not depressed. thx 4 well wishes. ;^)
my tw'ts may get abstract at times. 4 realism go to the vatican and chck out raphael's last supper! s'old! %^+
mom dad pop tit yay tot bob i spelled these backwords and it doesn't seem matter! nice gag, huh, sis? lol! (:)
@imkevin2 937 ;^)
@carlahbsb 4 5683 968 7878 ;^)
@crystal_mkrep 84265 968 2797825 %^&gt;
@austin023 ;^)
@romartinez 66 ;^)
@elisam1437 4 5683 968 ;^)
@nassergamez ;^)
@wim727 ;^)
@green_tuxedo ;^)
4 5683 968 ;^)
@thatgirlblogs 937
@iloveye2  4 5683 968. ;^)
@mizukichan whatever feels right for me. you'll be you own bodygaurd! ;^)
@sltice2 you bet. ;^)
rt 
  
understanding abandonment, self-abandonment and learning how to overcome them is the only work that needs to be done. on earth! ;^)
@bicycleman79 i don't dwink whim mum twweeping uuuu  ssonofff  a ba'll killyaaaa]][p-[' j
@jenniparrotti that's what my last tw't was about! ;^)
understanding abandonment, self-abandonment and learning how to overcome them is the only work that needs to be done. yeah, i solved it! ;^p
@majnoonyehudi wait, you're speaking for other people in the same sentence that your telling me not to. you realize that, don't you?  %^}doi
@betterbaker \^; .yako od ll'i ,ho
(^;  !sdrowkcab ssa dlrow eht gniweiv er'ew ,tuoba ytliug leef ew sgniht eht rof srehto emalb ot syaw dnif ew nehw
no matter what u sculpt,the ego of the beholders will redesign it to suit themselves.if they can't,the sculptor is labeled offensive! ;^&gt;
'die welt'
gute nacht. ich hoffe, du welt ist hell und schn morgen! ;^)
@cerises10 even the pyramids are forgettable. i'm just have'n a good time now. ;^)
@tcfan1 ya mean all those gold medals didn't help the economy?! balderdash!! %^)
@cherrybomb0 i spook easy. don't like scary movies. fertile imagination! i was kidding though, mostly. b well. }8^{
@cn8of10 we're all gonna have to deal with the phone obsessions pretty soon, or lose touch with those in our proximity completely. ;^)
@kcpattison did you do something with your hair kelsey? it's very pretty tonight! ;^)
@raygarton first 2000 r free! ;^)
@lisamarienow end of the world and the beginning at every single moment! b well!  ;^)
@thinkbigor hmmmmm...                                    ;^)
@rawveggies not at all. wednesday's humpday! it's a weak case! ;^)
@angelcarnivore s'gonna get better! s'a living thing! spankyou kindly! ;^)
@cherrybomb0 maybe... right before i step on it's f%*kin' neck, and send it's broken ass back to u, whose shadowy mind it came from! }:^/
@rawveggies  rt i'm as sober as a church and clear as a bell, quasimodo! good luck gettin' over the hump! ;^p
@brian_scheider it is my mission to make you most popular peeing man, bri! ;^&gt;
@camilacanever spankyou kindly, camila! ;^)
@frank2982 webbys r kinda big! ;^&gt;
@cd09 woohoo! ;^
i would apreeshee8 your vote!  spankyou kindly! ;^)
hey gang jimcarrey.com got a nom at the webby awards!(hold 4 applause)cast yer vote at
goin' 2 work. spin fun! {b^)
@metallimacrules rt i agree! there are good journalists! competition and corps.forcing them 2 compromise. watch patty chayefsky's 'network'!
@swaggahmole rt be gentle. anderson cooper is a magical unicorn! there are very few left! {b^&gt;
@jujubecool rt actually i'm more of a mongoose at the moment! cobras can be dangerous, but tasty.  ):}=bq{
@epicfailrper i don't know if trust rabbits. their poop is too organized. ;^)
i love penguins!can't be sad around'em!ferrets are fun 4 a min but then it's like,dude,take a breath!still on the fence about rabbits!u? ;^/
@ligimiere00 jusy anything you want! ;^)
the alternative to uptake inhibitors, that helped me. imagine using your writing skills to help people.?what a concept! ;^)
note 2 bad journalists.i haven't taken anti-depressants or been depressed for yrs. now!soon i'll help others by writing about ---&gt;
don't worry folks. i didn't slip over the edge. i'm just movin' the boundries for the rest of you nuts! %^}
ahhh...pretty day!think i'll have breakfast,feed the dogs'n'excersize.oh,i better be careful.if they read this they'll know i'm insane! %^}
g'night ;^ zzzz
@beepgoesmelissa it'th thilly to thpeculate on that thubject! thanth though! ;^&gt;
@kcpattison love you kelsey. preeshee8 it!  #;^&gt;
@hatrimm i like beauty and the beast myself!  }:^&gt;~
@annettesayswhat every single day annette. no sh*t! {b^&gt;
@irishfancy8 walaikumsalam ;^)
@jeffkelso you should star in 'joseph's amazing technicolor dreamcoat!' offended? {b^
@hatrimm read me a story mommy! ;^
@kergelaine your face looks like a cat. cut salmon intake to once a week. ;^)
@kergelaine   first, i'm healthier than i've ever been. second, i haven't been depressed or taken anti depressents for years. third f u. ;^)
@elfqueenof5 u 2 ;^)
@dolliepop nice memory. b well. ;^&gt;
@johnnyvulpine lactose intolerant? }=^p
@itsme_dora nice pic dora. likin' the angle! %^&gt;
@aihlimf just jokin. s'what i do! ;^)
sometimes i make an ass of myself, yet i'm anything butt! thankyou g'night! (hold for applause...wait for it... aaaaand fade to black)  }=^p
@muffinman210 you said ha penis! {%^o
@damonpettit don't make me cry man! i'll haveta put the shades on! {b^[
@the_phallus back to ya like a ricachet chloe! ;^&gt;
@mrshondamatic you're beautiful! ;^)
@braindeadwife i've really never been better sherry! spankyou kindly! ;^)
@mulan_1998 i am grateful 2 u! ;^&gt;
@demarcoantoine #%^)
@jerrybflory means a lot jerry. preeshee8 it! {b^&gt;
@winkleman for media it's just fuel. ;^
@nathaliaferrari i know it's a good one! preeshee8 it! ;^)
@giddy76 you're so welcome! ;^)
@madi_bball_24 good to have ya with me! preeshee8 it! ;^)
if you knew me well, you'd see that your resentment has been misplaced. i wish every human being nothing but love----&gt;
to anyone who's grievances have chosen me as their cause, i would say first, that i recognize that tendency in myself, but-----&gt;
@tiffdoh keep it!  ;^)
george harrison left a wake up call at this number  4373-26637-843-786. it's alright! {b^&gt;
my favorite resturant in la has a tiny entrance, just big enough for cool cats to get through. that's a clue. {b^&gt;
bonne nuit  tous. je vous aime tous comme un enfant aime un gros ballon rouge! {b^)
i left a message for those who suffer, at this number 4 5683 968. ;^)
@audreywarhol i'm sorry you've had painful experiences. i wish u well ;^)
@audreywarhol nowone can ever lose anything or anyone. ;^)
a'salam alaikum! there, i've said it before but i've never spelled it! ;^)
i like this frm of expression.it's far more creative/connective than sitting like zombies watching the shadows of digital ghosts(tv) ;^)
is it selam or salam?
@rayburnr rt comedy just barges in without anybody's blessing. so tell your troup 2 go f%*k themselves, and have a good time!  ;^p
@bunkerface check mtv movie awards 2 or 3 yrs ago. ;^)
@the_ironist rt this is no breakdown! it's a breakthrough! and if you'll just loosen these straps, i'll show you the difference! %^
word missing earlier. 'nowone has ever won the tour de france by 'back' peddling. get it?! it is better with that! ha ha! sleeeeep! |^zzz
...and being fed by the media.i was almost out of tiger untill e.t supersized me!but i will wear cool shades and get my lips injected! p^m
..and a joyfully disarming(with a hacksaw if necessary)sense of humor.i promise 2 reflect all that i'm seeing,hearing,feeling,sensing---&gt;
...so i killed him,i do not plan 2 bow to expectations or to be confined by the fear of losing altitude in the 'statusphere'! (my word)----&gt;
...i am grateful for my avatar's many yrs of dedicated service, but nowone has ever won the tour de france while peddling. ----&gt;
rt breaking news!jim carrey's ambassador to the world,is dead!he is survived by me,the actual jim carrey,who has opinions about stuff.---&gt;
release the wisekraken!!! }8{}
@akdevanderbilt you could have half the sandwich if you would just ask. ;^)
@gabrielaarios much love too you, gabriel! ;^)
well, i ate my inoffensive sandwich with an acceptable glass of milk and took the dogs out, while avoiding any controversial thought---&gt;
my people called and said i might have to tame my tweets a little. so here goes...i'm going to make a sandwich now. peanut butter.(sigh) ;^\
@shannonl76 jokin shannon. take a breath. ;^)
@teampoodle007 preeshee8 it! ;^)
@gismcgrail cheers lidia ;^)
@fran_k_1991 spankyou kindly! ;^)
@camilacanever hello camila. much love 2 u! ;^)
in any event, infidelity has never been an issue 4 me. if i tried to keep a secret like that, i would grow a tumor and devil horns! }:^&lt;-
rt i want 2 make it clear that i do not condone infidelity at all, but 2 some degree the responsibilty 4 it is shared by both people! ;^)
rt 'i love you phillip morris', true story of gay conman who'd do anything 4 love, 'comes out' this fall! question is, r u man enough?! {;^o
@rumless i like to communicate to a wide range of beings. terrestrial or otherwise. &gt;;^)
whenever we form a consensus about some1 we envy, who's stumbling, our collective ego loves to flex it's unified muscle! s'ugly! }%^o
no wife is blind enough to miss that much infidelity. elin had 2 b a willing participant on the ride 4 whatever reason. kids/lifestyle ;^)
tiger woods owes nothing 2 anyone but himself. 2 please his father he gave up his childhood and his freedom in the world. that's enough!---&gt;
b tru 2 u.  }{;o[] &lt;--- my emoticlown!
you're the space in which all things happen. g'night! ;^)
@henry_ix  henry, you're alright with me! ;^)
@steveunknown thanks man! ;^)
@freebirdx3 mmhm! ;^b
@luinden i can't be contained cause i'm the container! ;^)
@linelevesque hammer time! ;^p
@silvia_cormick i write my own jokes silvia. b free ;^)
@emmyvanswaaij congrats! s'beatiful but not easy! ;^)
@emmyvanswaaij congrats! s'beatiful but not easy! ;^)
if you really wanna see sexual disfunction get 2 know your favorite basketball star! curling is the only safe sport 4 a married man!  d;^'
i made a tiger joke today, but after listening 2 payne's speech i think it's time we checked our collective ego and let the guy play! d;^\
tiger speech by billy payne chairman of the the masters?really heavy handed.wish'm luck with that false sense of superiority! d;^ "4"
@ir0c3xclusiv3s dick
@androogenous perhaps it's time to go buy yourself another goat. u deserve it! ;^)
read tw'ts about what bugs u all most.even trivial stuff seems 2 b from an old place where someone'r'thing made u feel less than enough ;^)
what do you get angriest about? feelings of powerlessness are my number 1, but what makes u wanna release the kraken... or smoke it?  }8{}
@fillippafkwit rt sure, call me crazy. that would make you feel safer, wouldn't it? fine! doieeeeeee!!! (drool, dribble) ?%^}
@fillippafkwit rt sure, call me crazy. that would make you feel safer, wouldn't it? fine! doieeeeeee!!! (drool, dribble) ?%^}
@oh_louise  rt anyone who thinks i'm not funny will deal with the wisekraken!!!  }8{}  he's always a rimshot away!
my dogs have been known to release the kraken! good thing they're cute!  }8{} &lt;--actual kraken. ('en' not 'in')
from the depths of despair comes an untamed beast with a taste for destruction and wicked sense of humor! "release the wisekrakin!!!" }8{}
tiger woods returns to the masters today and after a lenghty break, many wonder if he'll be compelled to play some extra holes!  d;^ "4"
i appreciate your well wishes today! all of you folks together make one mighty heart! spanks! ?;^&gt;}=&lt;;
@araviola2  there's a time and a place 4 all of the emotions in my home. don't worry! ?;^&lt;  ?}^o  ?%^  ?;^&gt;
sing it louie,"i see trees of green, red roses too! i see them blue for me and you, and i think to myself, release the kraken!!!" ?%^p
be of good cheer folks! it's a beautiful world, and we're all gonna get what we need the most! ?;^&gt;
jenny and i have just ended our 5yr relationship. i'm grateful 4 the many blessings we've shared and i wish her the very best! s'okay! ?;^&gt;
@megcam27 leavin' the stream 4 a few days, folks! i'll see ya when i see ya! spankyou kindly! ?;^&gt;
@megcam27 good one! ?;^&gt;
@alis0nslidjia much love to ya! ?;^&gt;
...there i did it! i smashed his head in and i 8 it! i know it sounds cruel, but it does help control the chocolate bunny population. &gt;;|
8 the ears off a choc bunny.now he's staring at me with his little candy eyes that say,"don't leave me like this! please jim 4 the luv'a'gah
@markyj75 not in it. inaccurate rumor. read it and said no immediately! ?;^&gt;
@bodhi77 yep! b well! ?;^&gt;
technology can be both useful and dangerous! frankenstein's monster said it best. "mmmm...fire good!" then he burnt himself! [8^/:
for a better understanding of the previous tweet try
@dezjoy not possible! ?;^&gt;
we think no and say yes! we abandon ourselves because we're afraid to be abandoned! no1 but u can make u happy, accept dr. phil mcgraw! ?;^&gt;
you can never be abandoned by anyone but yourself! every choice you make is either self love or abandonment. ?;^&gt;
@shak6o9 much love! ?;^&gt;
@riginahand don't ever call yourself a no1 again! ?;^&gt;
@chrissullivan85 the moon belongs to everyone! good night. ?;^&gt;
@dazman7 stop squashing, squashy squasherton! ?;^&gt;
when i'm in hell, it forces me to find my way to the light! archetypically speaking, it's like the devil is working 4 god!  };^&gt;-
without fear we would never have walked upright let alone landed on the moon! fear of russian superiority helped us get there! boo! ?%^
@maraki_b thx ?;^&gt;
@xxemmalinaxx i'll take it! ?;^&gt;
@carmitaccd been there! olah! ?;^&gt;
@mademoisellemne oui! ?;^&gt;
@piepypiep you kiddin? i had bacon and eggs with saturn this morning! ?;^&gt;
@_iisaah_ chile! whaddup?! ?;^&gt;
@soundofpeace that's a lot of time zones!?' ?;^&gt;
@tasteytreats4u morning vancover! you are a beautiful place! much love! ?;^&gt;
@sarahakasmellyf never whistle sarah! ?;^
@joemoralez he was just in a bad mood cause he was stung by a jelly! ?;^&gt;
@hhewitt94 tea time? ?;^&gt; cheers!
good morning los angeles! it's 8:15am! goodnight perth! it's 11:15pm. remember that love belongs to you! ?;^&gt;
@randini00 i'm shakin'!!! ?%^&gt;
@leejcarey hey homey! ?%^&gt;
@dianamaklicious can't sleep now diana! you just got a tweet from jim friggin' carrey! bet you didn't know friggin' was my middle name! ?%^&gt;
(loud whisper) alaska! hey, alaska! u still up?! halifax is totally asleep right now! let's put their hands in water and make'em pee! ?%^&gt;
r they gone?did the cool people leave?i wasn't tired,i just didn't wanna act "hip" anymore!no i really gotta sleep!seriously!g'night! }^
wow,i know it's friday night,but i am really tired! man,i'm bushed! yep,think i'll call it a night! but hey u guys go nuts! yaaawn! o^;?
@nickelberrynsc it was a metaphor meaning we avoid reality through entertainment. 'bugs' never gets killed! ?%^&gt;
@tvuohi tyrosine in chocolate. substance that makes you feel good!natural chemical in the brain responsible 4 enthusiasm.low during pms ?%^&gt;
@blackrose_uk i see you adelle. b well ?%^&gt;
@karilynn2171 ... and straight to hell, i'm sure! ?%^&gt;
i got an idea! why don't all of us bewildered catholics skip church this year, and rent 'jesus christ superstar'! sssss'awesome!!! ?%^&gt;
there's something 'good' about this friday. one, two, oh yeah! now i remember!  ?%^&gt;
@gunslinger1969 yes sir, butt crack and all! ?%^&gt;
brothers and sisters, let the suffering end!! now is the time for resurrection!!! i'm 'ascending' you all best wishes. happy easter!  ?%^&gt;
@claytonhicks 'i love you phillip morris' coming soon, and more to follow! b free ?%^&gt;
rt the jim carrey twitter stream is concieved and written by me personally, not an assistant. for better or worse,this sh%t is pure!!! ?;^&gt;
i promise u, everything in my stream , for better or worse, is concieved + written by me. spelling mistakes and all! this sh%t is pure! ;^)
rt if you're following a popular celebrity, on twitter, a great deal of the time, your tw'ting an assistant or writers 4 hire. not here! ;^)
@fixinmytie first house, on seaton dr. not sure how it's spelled. hi homey. ;^)
my mother had me runnin' for pain pills ali day long!that's why i love pink floyd"momma didn't need to be so high!"and your mom? ;^03&gt;&lt;;
@slewis923 i was a winner! %^&gt;
@7dixie have you read freud's 'perceptions of the perverted coke brain'?he found when he snorted it,everything seemed to be about sex! ;^)8
@reasonable_hank well let's think about it! ;^)
@yeahthatskosher azoy vert dos kichel tzekrochen, mr. klein! ;^)
love and logic are like the middle east. we can never have peace while the two try to occupy the same little space. i said that! ;^)
there's a rabbit on the lawn, and a hawk in the tree.this could get ugly!let's go watch 'bugs bunny'! ;^)
of course, i meant ''masturbate' in my last tweet! i spell it 'masterbate' because i happen to have mastered it! ;^
@justreese not even them really. ;^)
@hankcartwright i think eternal and forever are the same thing and they may also be redundant. ;^) ;^)
@only_fools i'm a writer ;^)
@lucianorp goodnight brazil! i love you like a not too distant country! ;^)
@moiz_jambu sorry, i didn't mean to say, way! ;^)
@moiz_jambu the universe creates through me. i just try to get the f*ck out of the way! %^&gt;&lt;:
@karimba45 worse. sober! ;^)
power is seductive. significance corruptive... 'the eye of sauron' sees you, when you try to wear 'the precious'! 8^} prrrreciouussss!!!
i want what's best for you all! ;^)
hey universe! my name is jim carrey, and you will give me what i want!!! ;^&gt;
@narbay_ the very best to you my friend! ;^)
@staspoznyakov spankyou! ;^)
@nataliacecilia aarf! aarf! ;^&gt;
@real_chrissmith uug! :^[
@eddicito i think it was the dali lama who once said, "boredom can only happen to those who don't masterbate!" good luck. ;^)
@paulthezombie rise zombie rise! %^}
@batmanknightcan good day sunshine! ;^)
i wish 968 255 968 6333. goodnight.  ;^)
@indrawhy much love to you indra. ;^)
@mulan_1998 b e a utiful!
255 968 6333 47 5683, 5683, 5683 47 255 968 6333! ;^)
@mulan_1998 much love to you, diana. ;^)
@mgenem that was steven stills. ;^)
@theh1tman fondly. 255 968 6333 47 5683 ;^)
lennon left a message at this number 255 968 6333 47 5683 ;^)
@66genie99 sss'awesome! ;^)
@victorburgundy and you are a bloodhound slash critic? ;^)
may all of my jewish friends have a lovely passover! i wish you sh'lom bayit! i love google! ;^)
@elibumblebee i love phillip seymore hoffman and i hope he has a lovely passover! ;^)
@gary_or_comics iceberg?! does al gore know about this! :^&lt;
@cboeltl they're not mine. they belong to the ants. ;^)
@jesusbayona bad guys always show up in your head first. chase all bad thoughts with good ones. picture your kid having kids, grandpaw! =^}
carrey on, soldiers! ;^&lt;
@eddicito sss'awesome! ;^)
"captain comedy reporting for duty, sir! we've spotted the enemy! they're easy to see, because they now have spots!" ;^p
@spleensplitter you call yourself a musician?! 'captain comedy' has a much better ring to it! dismissed!!!! ;^&lt;
if i was a military man my name would be major breakthrough, or general wellbeing! wadda u wait'n 4? get the led out, private hell! ;^d&lt;:
at this very moment i find myself free from concern! with nothing and nowone to change! needless! wow! i love you guys! =^&gt;&lt;:
@ph0kin  but molestation can last forever. &lt;&lt;{=^( &gt;+
@xoxosugarkitty whenever you're down,start telling yourself you have what you need, over and over, as if it already exists,and it will! ;^)
if u deny your sexual nature, it'll just come out sideways. you might even molest kids and be forced 2 preach in a different parish. }:^( &gt;+
@janstephens thank you so much! i think it turned out well. ;^)
@iam_anna hi anna. b well. ;^)
@pjl777  forgive me father pat. ;^p
the catholic priesthood has become a religious disorder. ;^)
@mfisher520 stick to total obscurity, dude! ;^)
rara, obama!!! barack obama!!! gaga, obama!!! and your bad bromance! %^&gt;
rah, rah, rah, america!!! whether it works or not, the passing of a healthcare bill proves there is still a conscience in our country! ;^)
check out my new video!
rt. i just had a wonderful poop! it's gonna be a great day!!! ;^&gt;
no joke...jenny wants to know why some guys cheat on their women, for her new book on sex. anybody? ;^)
@waffro love scares all who don't know it! ;^)
@shewholuvsfyre he's a beautiful beast! ;^)
@patkerins yeah ain't that just nuts! %^&gt;
@yfz01 conan is great. nice man. funny man! ;^)
when i look at my grandson i see that love has an echo!!! ;^) ;^) ;^)
@bonnievantastic both! ;^)
@ajay184 hi ;^)
wanna stare at my grandson with me?! nothin' better! ;^)
jenny's new book's about sexuality. she just wrote a chapter on masterbation.4 any1 who's really in2 that, it'll be available in braille.;^)
@heartlessangel3 thankyou for that! i hope americans get to see it 'in it's present form', some day soon! ;^)
wow...what a beautiful morning! (hope i spelled all that correctly!) ;^p
@save_me_please just a faze. ;^)
pardon the 'lump' tw't.what i meant was,those who deminish ppl's effort by sighting tiny flaws sh'ld be urinated on from a great height! ;^)
@omgitzdestineex thancs
@krystle1kat my word for people who live to disagree ;^)
@leahbean33 hi homey! ;^)
i don't believe in correcticons! i don't believe in debaticons! i don't believe in beatles! i just belieeeeve in me! jenny and me. ;^)
i'm gonna express myself freely and honestly folks. happiness sadness outrage and all! anyone who doesn't like that can find a lump! k? ;^)
@cali_kiss thankyou stacey! much love! ;^)
@pettyson2 i just want a little latitude. that's all. ;^)
@selalves back 2 ya! ;^)
@intheannexe i got shit to do! ;^)
@epa89 soooo many! ;^)
@johndymarsh no you don't pay to enter. only if you get selected.
nyc: friday at 6pm. join me and nyu sociology prof eric klinenberg for a discussion on modern dating. tickets:
participate in #givingtuesday! put your money towards a good cause. check out @oxfamamerica:
i'd say 80% not literally everybody "@chelseavperetti: aziz is saying everyone likes garlic. is that true y/n @azizansari
everyone, please help save lives in the philippines, donate to @oxfamamerica's haiyan relief and recovery fund:
how have i never dressed up as simon phoenix for halloween?? next year!
watch this if you are bored. rt @teamcoco  @azizansari is thankful racist people are dying off:
@americanair hi can you guys help me? think i left a bag on a flight. i tried to dm but it says y'all don't follow me :/
@baileyon3bradio oh man! i couldn't ever get it right and threw it out. how'd it go? maybe i can try to fix it now.
to celebrate halloween, i dropped in at the comedy cellar as thomas the tank engine last night:
my new standup special buried alive is finally out. watch it on netflix now:
i was fortunate enough to chat with the amazing charlie rose yesterday. watch it here:
@angievalderrama @givemedap givemedap!!!! you guys still together??? yes!! there is hope in the world.
just show up and you're in! #cantmakethisclearerfolks @warswim04: @azizansari i'm nearby and wanna go! how can i claim?"
it's a free screening! no more questions from you! "@tiffanyjane666: @azizansari how much are they??"
just come to the theatre. "@j_lynne_o: @azizansari how do i get these? i live a block away!"
nyc: held a few tickets for special screening of buried alive at village east on 12th and 2nd ave at 830. i'll be here to intro.
@msteinie i will look into it. dangerously delicious is on itunes. i can't put it on my site due to boring contractual shit.
black dudes are blown away by magic tricks. here's another preview from my new standup special:
@sarahmargaret12 haha what book is this?? i'm doing conan next week. we should show it.
lou bega fans be at ease. (via @t00l3g1t)
i'm the only person in america faced with the dilemma of "should i see 12 years a slave or escape plan..."
hey! watch a clip from my new standup special buried alive:
business idea: spin class where you eat ribs while you spin. "push, push! imagine you're going up a hill to eat ribs..."
@anaatobar  thanks for participating in the show. had one more question about 'candleguy' if you don't mind. follow me and i'll dm!
damn tv guide!! that seems a bit mean. how you gonna hate on barney that hard?
can't believe the nobel peace prize went to jeff daniels for his work on the newsroom. insane.
@jmaydet @iamdiddy hahah thank you for reminding of this!!!
.@iamdiddy what should i eat for lunch?
loved gravity but disappointed i didn't even get to audition for the role of the goofy indian astronaut. #mywheelhouse (cc @alfonsocuaron)
been spending way too much time day dreaming about what it'd be like to eat at freddy's ribs from house of cards...
los angeles: working on new material on thursday at 830. tickets are $20. go here to grab:
pusha t feat kendrick lamar - nosetalgia. wow:
more later!
#azizbreakingbadtheory: jason street shows up in his wheelchair.  walt notices a strange bell. reveal: street working w/grandma saracen.
#azizbreakingbadtheory: coach huddles w/walt, smash, todd, and riggins. coach taylor finally makes walt realize he should save jesse.
#azizbreakingbadtheory: todd gets swayed by coach taylor and riggins but grandma saracen is revealed to be uncle jack's boss.
#azizbreakingbadtheory: huell decides to save jesse, gets sidetracked when he goes to get a pulled pork sandwich.
#azizbreakingbadtheory: coach taylor and tim riggins convince todd aka landry to turn himself into the police.
toronto: my 2 shows for jfl42 are tomorrow at the sony centre. it's a brand new hour - not buried alive.
watch @sethrogen and i brainstorm in the trailer my new netflix standup special buried alive:
coming soon: big bud, lil' bud!
alright lets do this guys! 15 million followers by 845pm. lets do it!!!!
twitter fam - watch  brooklyn 99 on fox tonight at 830. producers from parks, samberg, and @chelseavperetti! it's good.
oh damn! its usher with "you make me wanna." #jaggededgewherethepartyatradiolivetweet
whaaaattt??!? bljrvagababsaksuwszwhavwhr$3)3$ #breakingbadreview
has anyone successfully eaten two full sausage egg and cheese mcgriddles? #americanheroes
update 2: ahhhhh! i feel like garbage. kill me!!! #azizannualmcgriddlebite
time for my annual "bite of a sausage egg and cheese mcgriddle."
oh i did that comedy central james franco roast. watch it tonight at whatever time it airs. #badpromotweets
the $5 download option will be avail 6 months after "@theshin will it be available through other sites? i don't have netflix"
my new standup special is called buried alive. i'm releasing it directly on @netflix on nov 1st. hope you like it.
@thetomjacob doesn't have a name yet, this is post buried alive material though
dayton, oh and traverse city, mi: i'm doing standup in your cities. get tickets here:
also @shondarhimes, i've decided that harrison and tom were college roommates and scandal is in the same universe as parks. cool?
.@shondarhimes also still also pulling for a later season crossover arc where tommy dates olivia pope... thoughts?
tommy's new love interest on parks! rt @thr #orphanblack star @tatianamaslany headed to parks and rec
cho asked me to rt this. enjoy... rt @davidcho beets by dre.
whenever you see a tough looking dude, yell "oh shit! look out for that bee sahn!!" then you'll find out how hard dude really is.
this smiths-charlie brown tumblr is amazing:
really hoping elysium kicks off a trend of indian dudes being the president in movies...
@rastaroor it's on go to
@djflipside33 i have to do all my tour dates sahnnnnnn
so far, so good.  rt @jacobytanner sounds good, craig david me how it goes
craig david me on why it matters how old that jam is sahn rt @geminimoon craig david me on why it matters that the song is old sahn
new phrase i'm trying to get out there: "hey, craig david me on that later." (meaning 'fill me in')
@camera_shyy happy birthday hope the sniffies go away boo boo
i want to dedicate this song to anyone who ever unfollowed me on twitter:
legit forgot the password haha rt @thomtravis  are you going to resurrect the sgt. brody twitter account?
no clue! just got a text night before "yo sampled you on my new album." rt @danielatkinso23 how did you end up being in "all me" with drake?
i want to be! they ain't enough indian dudes in these franchises. smh. rt @jamcap1 when are you gonna be in a superhero movie?
did someone just send you this too??
damn, i just got real hungry. think i'm gonna go get a burrito. thanks everyone for your questions.
my twitter is the worst. do you guys have any questions? do you like the q and a things? i'll answer some now for a few mins. go!
sad news folks. the academy has decided not to have me and waka flocka flame co-host the oscars this year.
@maxfrulez i'm at home bout to drink tea and watch the 90s xmen cartoon on my computer :(
.@pattonoswalt thoughts on me as blade?
really need to get my career in shape guys. i need a franchise, whatcha'll think about me as blade? it's 2013, we need an indian blade!
very excited to announce i'll be taking over the role of chong li in the new bloodsport reboot!!!
also god dammit my twitter sucks, i will do my best to step it up. sorry followers not in these cities...
nyc: working on new jokes on 7/31 at 8pm. $10. go here for tickets:
stockholm: there will be a few tickets for tonight's show to buy at the door. sdra sllskapet. 8pm. come!
i'm a guest on comedy bang bang tonight at 10/9c on ifc. watch that. kroll is on it too.
stockholm: we added another show on saturday. get tickets here:
@vondalif i decided to do this three days ago...
@juliosaurien well sold out as in lottery over for tomorrow, tonight's is open.
@martinegholm thanks, don't have time this trip unforch
@cecilialarsson yes cecilia i do!!!
stockholm: also, tickets for tomorrow are sold out, when you go to the site, only check the box for tonight's show:
stockholm: i added a second show tonight at 8pm. click here if you want to get tickets:
also i'd like to believe that tom haverford and harrison were college roommates. hence their similar sense of style. (cc @shondarhimes)
want to enthusiastically recommend everyone marathon the fuck out of abc's scandal. @shondarhimes and co made an amazing show. loved it.
.@s_c_ was it true the original title of tom ford was izod?
.@s_c_ for real, what's your favorite pasta you've had in 2013?
@s_c_ can i do swizz-esque adlibs on the next album? "let's get to it!" "woo!" "watch out for bees!"
i also think harrison and tom go to the same shop for their suits. they have very similar style.
i feel like tommy and harrison would be buds.
perd hapley is in season 2 of scandal. meaning olivia pope exists in the parks universe!!
how did i just now find about this movie starring paul walker and 8 dogs??!
does anyone that's seen my new hour i'm working on have any ideas for a title for the new tour/show?
@emteeel montreal dude!!! yay!!! glad to hear it.
i wanted to workout today but instead i'm going to the cheese store. #fatsolife
i support last minute shows! rt @hannibalburess chicago:  i'm doing another set tonight at beat kitchen. 11pm show. $5. 2100 w. belmont
alright i'm done. @iamdiddy swimming with a dolphin:
.@funkmasterflex i dont need a samsung i need a flex phone, flex start your line of smartphones!! you got this!!!!
we eventually settled on scandal. "one of my friends said its breathtaking" - @dargandhi123
big discussion on what show we should all binge watch together. @dargandhi123 really pushing hard for graceland on usa.
family time w/@harrisrules13 and @dargandhi123. dar streaming the shield in one room. harr rewatching how i met your mother in the other.
just heard my dad drop this gem: "look you can't have the cup and the cake." huh?!
montreal: a few tickets are available at the door for my 8pm show at comedy works tonight. $10. new material.
@lindsaypolak re-email wip@azizansari.com, i'm not sure what you mean...
montreal: added a second show at 10pm tonight at comedyworks. all tickets available now at the door. $10.
montreal: a few tickets are available at the door for my 8pm show at comedy works tonight. $10. new material.
montreal ppl: have you met someone in the last week or so? been texting back and forth? if so, email wip@azizansari.com with subject: tbf.
montreal: we held a few tickets at the door for 10pm show tonight at comedy works. $10. new material.
montreal: if you lost the lottery, there will be a few standby tickets available tonight. 2 shows: 8pm and 10pm at comedyworks. $10.
@chelseavperetti cool mc name
oh shit. thanks!! rt @britishgq so we asked jason statham about possibly starring in a film with @azizansari
.@americanairlines if needed, please let edward snowden chill in the admiral's club, think that'd be a cool move...
i can't keep up with all the scandals, can someone give me a list of what to be mad about
"ansari, what are you doing?!" "nothing sir." (quickly minimizes window that has ja rule's yahoo mail account) #azizworksatthensa
if i was in the nsa, i'd be looking up random people all the time. every 10 minutes i'd be like, i wonder what ja rule is up to?
@michaelskantor @deanoarchibald not sure i follow. please email the white guy i hired for tech support - wip@azizansari.com
nyc: working out new material tonight at 8pm. $10. tickets here:
what? you wanna know what's on the menu at little pigs bbq in columbia, sc? i got you:
montreal: i'm doing super small shows to work on new jokes in your city this week. tickets here:
toronto: i'm headlining just for laughs aka @jfl42 in sept. new material (not buried alive). more info at
someone bout to be real disappointed at tonight's london gig...
london: show tonight at hammersmith apollo. opener: @moshekasher. doors: 630pm. show: 730pm. some tix avail here:
london: i'm here! still a few tickets left for my show tomorrow at hammersmith apollo. get em here:
@joemande just dm'd tyrese. will keep you posted joe!!!
ok @tyrese, so  @thelonelyisland and i are dying to eat at gibsihana's. can we make this happen after you finish the #tgt tour?
hold up. @tyrese, is it true you have an in at gibsihana? heard its the dopest spot in town, but a real tough res. probably not doable...
.@tyrese, need a real special place. something unique, private, a one of a kind experience. any thoughts?
hey @tyrese, was trying to take @thelonelyisland out for a special dinner to celebrate the success of the wack album, any suggestions?
nyc: last night's impromptu show worked out well, trying it again tonight at 11pm. tickets here:
7pm! i've gotta go!!! rt @joshalbert 2m @azizansari what time does the show start
7pm! i've gotta go!!! rt @joshalbert 2m @azizansari what time does the show start
nyc: also lottery thing worked. i felt bad that only people who clicked in 2 seconds were getting tickets. will do more here and other cities.
nyc: re: email confirmations. they have gone out. a second batch will go out at 5pm if people haven't confirmed. thanks everyone!
oh shit! @thelonelyislandgonna put a horse head in my bed if i dont tell ya to cop the new album. get it:
nyc: working on new jokes tuesday at 7pm. go here to get tickets:
will smith tried to warn us about the nsa in enemy of the state, and now we mock jaden in after earth? #whenwillwelearn
lonely island's diaper money is maybe my top hip hop track of the year. #wobbldwobbldhopintomygraveplot
@adam1212hicks a lonely grandpa!
@doublepumplatte i don't know what you mean
nyc: sorry folks all tickets gone. i might do more soon. and i want to do other cities too. check back soon...
@andykindler @laughspincom @subculture_nyc kindler!!!!!!
@johnyonyourspot @subculture_nyc tell i said all ages!
@ordinarycookie no
@rachelsamara @subculture_nyc there will be more soon! don't worry
also i want some older people's opinion on this new material. holding 15 tickets for people over 50. serious. show an id and they're yours.
nyc: working on new jokes tonight @subculture_nyc 45 bleecker street. 730pm. $10 tickets avail at door now. cash only. 150 seats.
if you're in nyc, check back here at 5pm...
london: i'm performing at the hammersmith apollo on june 15. get tickets here:
"your word is 'caucasians.'" "can i hear it in a sentence?" "big surprise - the caucasians shit the bed again at this years spelling bee."
i'm aware these before midnight/fast 6 joke are for an extremely limited audience.
rumored: post credits of fast 6, a red prius pulls up. inside - jesse and celine from the before series. #crossover #leggo
if you think that richard linklater can't follow up before midnight, i have two words for you - the rock. #franchiseviagra
i'm on late night with jimmy fallon tonight. that's all. bye.
really need to text with harris more often.
i might be the only person in america that's seeing before midnight and fast 6 back to back next weekend. two of my fav franchises.
sure its been tweeted a bunch today, but saul bass title sequence to vertigo is too dope:
@fubarcrew this is the buried alive show, its explained on
@ultimatedude79 i did the midland, where were you bro
@david_d_garcia not sure yet. looking like no.
@yo_ell i came to apollo, carnegie, and beacon. where were u
@joshypoo2012 i did the paramount for 2 nights. where were u #somefan
@downsy51 i did do kc!!! sorry my twitter stinks.
omaha, cleveland, albany, dallas, houston: tickets onsale for my standup dates here:
my friend @amyschumer's show #insideamyschumer is on at 1030 tonight on comedy central. watch it!!
@mcarthurneil i did brisbane, melbourne, and sydney. where were you
london: official. tickets on sale may 9th at 9am for my gig on june 15:
yeah. god damnit. i just can't get anything right... @texasf0rever: @azizansari do you mean 9/5?
happy birthday to my dad!
kinda bummed i've never been approached about making my own line of headphones.
@herridav with my accuracy in dates/times and your spelling, we'd kill it together. #jointaccount #leggo
@bobpea i'm editing it now!! now sure release but it looks awesome. if you came to the taping, thanks so much.
@footesports yes show on sunday -
iron man 3 looks cool! #nowyoucantsayijusttweetabouttourdates
@medicamota that link i tweeted has that information
@jmoney42179 already did seattle on this tour. paramount theatre. where were you man
@kingscastle83 read the note on
shit, sorry. parks season finale is tonight at 930/830c. i got the time wrong. i stink at twitter.
oh yeah, back in sc, i took some dance classes. (i'm back row, 2nd from the left)
for those asking, the show at third man in nashville is all ages. come early to make sure you get in though.
first, the nba has a 14 year old player with calvin cambridge and now jason collins.  amazing. #inspired
"hey don't write anything about the nba on twitter today. please!!!" -  pr teams to their homophobic clients
actually, i'm just gonna nap. forget my
previous tweet. #sorrytwitterville
wow. @toddbarry requesting a second pee stop on the 3 hour drive from ny to boston.
new parks tonight  #reallyphoningitinontweets
boston: i'm doing a benefit show for the marathon victims on sunday. tickets on sale tomorrow at noon. 
"i want something tasty but not too heavy." "how about some hummus?" "ooooh! good call. thanks." #1800whatshouldieat
can someone make an 800 # for me to call and talk to someone about what i should eat for meals/snacks? (cc @chelseavperetti)
tig notaro was really funny on conan:
if you aren't watching the surprise coachella mainstage performance, holy shit, check it out now:
one of my favorite coachella moments ever:
me, 2chainz, pusha t, black dude in tnght #darkskinnedminoritiesatcoachella
stone roses? blur? i'm bout to get my 42 on sahn!!! #42chella
instead of going to coachella, i'm about to go see 42 seven times this weekend, who wit me!!!!?
@chargercasey yes, the buried alive special i just filmed. this is that tour.
@thisistheduke at that comedy club, yes, i was using those shows to work on the material for buried alive. no material from specials thoguh
salt lake city: i'm doing standup in your city on 5/7. get tickets here:
@alex_vo @comedycentral hey!!! that was said to you in private alex.
@comedycentral i don't think i ever said this? source?
whomever came up with these type of plane pillows - congrats. this is the shittiest product thats ever
@questlove already gotta a guy there man. don't make this turn out like that cosby show episode!!
parks is new tonight! watch it at 830/730c. no clue if franklin and bash is new or repeat.
thanks, advil for inviting me to perform for 100 amazing sandy relief volunteers after the @brooklynnets game #reliefinaction
ill be on @theviewtv this morning to talk about what i am doing with advil for some sandy relief volunteers tonight #reliefinaction
"this is the end" red band trailer:
whoa! jack bauer vs ron swanson!!
also dc folks there's a few tickets left for the final of my 4 shows at dar constitution hall. saturday 10pm:
really bummed "pathetic little fat man" didn't make it on the new bowie album
@kristasmith thanks to you too krista and to all the question askers. have a lovely day everyone!!!
@kristasmith i loaf around backstage?
@kristasmith they really wanted me to be a professional breakdancer. i let them down big time.
@kristasmith @bigman79mb soulja boy and various bad comedy involving dudes humping the stool
@kristasmith hard to pinpoint one person but maybe kenneth "babyface" edmonds?
@kristasmith @laughatjuggalos my dad. jk spiderman.
@kristasmith @celsocorecorrea wikipedia
@kristasmith @bigsounds only movies i've seen are mrs doubtfire, home alone, and jurassic park :/
@kristasmith @hipstaspitjake any time he has to eat a ton of bacon. always fun.
@kristasmith @alisonmbarnes @parksandrecnbc easy. jason statham as tom's long lost brother.
no i read em sometimes. #notreally #noido #notreally #noidosometimes
@skinnygirlfiles but i do a "ok take photos now and put cameras away" part before i start!
hey quick favor, if you have good photos of me on stage during my buried alive tour, can you tweet at me with #azizburiedalivepics?
i'm doing a "twitterview" tomorrow w/@kristasmith from @vanityfair, send in questions now to #askaziz to be answered tomorrow at 11am pst.
the most handsome, picture perfect smile ever captured of a man on a jetpack, courtesy of @roblowe:
how badass is the unsolved mysteries theme song? shoutout to black lips for playing it as outro last night.
really dope early smiths rehearsal tape (pablo cuckoo tape):
hey! i play mub in the new animated movie epic. watch the trailer here:
regram. vintage shot of young darwish and harris goin ham on some trikes.
@frostysr it is.
philly: just added a 2nd buried alive show. if you missed the show last year, we're filming this for a special. come:
when doing press for game of thrones, the cast really needs to stay dressed in character. shit fucks with my head too much.
@djshadow hi. where can i get more psych rock type shit like diminishing returns disc 2? love that thing. your fan, aziz.
@fakenategross agreed! i never use those shots, find them weird as well.
@ben_is_me being funny on twitter isn't important to me compared to writing standup, scripts, etc. i don't focus on it at all.
@seanlarkin1 i did 6 shows at the wilbur on this tour already. i'll have a new tour soon i hope.
philly: if you missed my buried alive shows last year, i'm comin back 4/10 and filming it for a special. tix here:
morris crushed it on
parks tonight!
new parks tonight at 830/730c w/jean ralphio's
sister and jason schwartzman. watch!
feeling good about my chances to be new pope. my agents said i should hear something today...
fellow food club captain/all around great guy @ericwareheim directed an awesome video for beach house. watch:
would you guys be bummed if i said i never read @ replies anymore cause i felt it was wasting time? #howwouldifindoutifididntreademanyway
do you any of you guys cook? i made this today, was dope. shoutout to monkfish:
watch: funniest thing i've seen in a while. nathan for you:
new spring buried alive tour dates: phoenix, san diego, dallas, boulder and more! go to
vivian girls - girl don't tell me (beach boys cover):
i'm doing shows in pittsburgh, red bank, nj, and richmond, va. tickets on sale now:
neesons aint got a statue.
@zsho24 @anthonyjeselnik @amyschumer we can only hope it's as amazing as the beautiful, inspired work you've surely created in your life.
i'm a guest on @anthonyjeselnik's new show the jeselnik offensive tonight at 1030 on comedy central with @amyschumer. watch that shit.
preach. @southcackneez: putting one in the air for the greatest fictional president of all time david palmer #presidentsday
@dargandhi123 examples?
@sturkle hi sherry! i sent you a dm.
hey everyone on twitter, let's retire our usernames because nothing beats brandonkadonk. #greatestthingiveeverheard
what about that badonkadonk dough @thelonelyisland: jorm is back on girls tonight! #boothjonathan #
as a parks castmember and longtime glaser fan, i am biased, but jeremy jamm might be the best tv villain since gus fring.
@i_am_pez
@kkdreger @jesseellyn oh shit! ok well. i have new stuff to tour later this year. need to finish buried alive tour first though.
@fhyrew dc show is buried alive. didn't get to tour it there yet.
@jesseellyn i did chicago theatre a few months back! where were you????
@djkenpachi yeah go on
dc: i added a third show at constitution hall. tickets on sale now:
i've realized i watch the key and peele liam neesons sketch every day and it is my favorite thing:
@jayleemaruk oh yes yes, i'll be there, it's like a panel though, not standup, that's why i got confused.
@jayleemaruk where am i performing? i don't believe i am??
if you find love frustrating because of text messaging and other modern nonsense - read my @theavclub piece:
so true @wintercheck: lol at retaining nelly lyrics in lieu of basic math and geography etc
@wintercheck wdb
 @chelseavperetti: what if a puppy knocked on your door right now
yes!!! @joemande: please sign my white house petition to make february 11th national 'hitch' day:
@josiahmartin45 @amyschumer spring cc'ing amy in case she wants to come
la: get free tix to a taping of comedy central's the jeselnik offensive" with me and @amyschumer here:
chris pratt!!!! congrats to @prattprattpratt on guardians of the galaxy. seriously, dude is the funniest and sweetest man on earth.
chris pratt!!!! congrats to @prattprattpratt on guardians of the galaxy. seriously, dude is the funniest and sweetest man on earth.
la: i'm doing standup at ucb-la tonight at 11pm to work on some new jokes. tickets are $5: 
@southcackneez: dudes on the 49ers must be wilding about the delay like "gotdamn can we just lose all ready!?"
"beyonce, what a lovely voice!" rt @scharpling bane
whoa whoa whoa. is this power outage a fast 6 tie in?? is the rock about to fly a helicopter through a tank?!!
@mindykaling beyonce doesn't get nervous, she prepares til her feet bleed and then crushes shit.
landry clarke kicked out of the superdome for repeatedly asking beyonce to let crucifictorious play "crazy in love" with her. #fnlsuperbowl
can future and i star in a blatant fast and furious rip off? any studios interested in this?
"tyrese fires a bazooka, while vin diesel drives through a bulldozer, michelle rodriguez goes 'you believe in ghosts?'" #fast6writersroom
"ok a tank drives over a car, a huge plane explodes, then tyreses fire a rocket launcher while ludacris is on a jetski." #fast6writersroom
right on dl. rt @dalailama more fast 6! more fast 6!!! shoutout to dom driving a car out of an exploding cargo plane. #fast6 #turnup
trivia: ray mcdonald once got into a fight at astro freeze with tinker over a spilt milkshake. #fnlsuperbowl
will coach taylor please take culliver out and put in smash williams??! #fnlsuperbowl
buddy garrity spotted scalping tickets and selling homemade turkey legs outside the superdome. #fnlsuperbowl
just in: landry clarke spotted in new orleans! unclear if due to a crucifictorious show or another blockbuster trade. #fnlsuperbowl
more breaking football news: ravens just signed jd mccoy and ray "voodoo" tatum. #fnlsuperbowl
breaking news: 49ers-dillon panthers trade! tim riggins and brian "smash" williams playing in the super bowl folks!! #fnlsuperbowl
@mjfishman dude. thanks for reminding me of those. it's on!!!
holy shit based on an instant reaction to the first few tracks i'm gonna say this new mbv is really good
@lenadunham i don't sleep. cause sleep is the cousin of death.
just grabbed the new smiths album off the illuminati ftp. so psyched they are headlining illumanitchella with nirvana and hendrix.
shoutout to my bloody valentine for hooking up illuminati members such as myself with the "new" album back in 1998.
will sj be there? (cc @chelseavperetti) @vulture: sandra bullock will attend super bowl xlvii with the real blind side family
the specials - friday night, saturday morning:
strange choice, but oooooh yeah!!! rt @deadlinehollywood jj abrams dropping out of star wars to focus on directing entourage movie
more spring dates announced soon. go to
@iamrashidajones yo for real, i've thought about how handy one would be. lemme borrow dat boo
la: 2 of my favorite nyc comics are in town tonight, go see one of em!! eugene mirman:
can someone that knows watches tell me if this rolex i bought is authentic? cc @southcackneez
.@bryansinger is there any kind of new indian dude/mutant i can play in x-men: days of future past?
new custom note pad! who wants some notes??
thanks for the plug! rt @dalailama new parks and rec tonight at 830 on nbc.
@keithtellsjokes check ya dms
"even valery rizzo, who teaches a class in iphone food photography, thinks the trend has crossed a line." you make the jokes on that one
its really irritating because we cant take a bite unless he takes his photo." grandpa then puts the shots and emails em in 11mb ppts! ahaha
doing a few secret shows at small clubs to work on new material. follow my facebook fan page to find out about em:
@oliviawilde @annakendrick47 also french montana and montana from real world
"hey aziz, can you the sing the national anthem into this mic?  i won't do anything with this recording..." - beyonce, 3 days ago #betrayed
standup update: working on putting together spring buried alive tour dates now. will try to hit cities i missed in 2012. any suggestions?
@alexolivier1 thanks!! check your dm!
can anyone get me in touch with dude in audience i spoke with at meltdown last week?? need to followup on what happened!!
shoutout to the dude who created those gummy bears that are multivitamins. you are a national hero sir.
@mrbrandonscott yep still the same two
said it before but before sunrise and before sunset are unbelievable and you must watch them. (before midnight is the third in the series)
i snack on vermont cheddar and crackers a lot and i just want to say adding quince jam into the mix has changed the game.
@vaboredwoolf happy b-day! i'm gonna get jaw surgery too so we can be in this together.
@tomchalkley yes! i'm determined to do london dates at the least.
#truffleseason #tuxedosfornoreason
get out your seat hov #suitandtie
hahaha! we'll discuss next time i come by alinea/next/aviary. @gachatz: so.... are you making fun of us? @azizansari
amazing. @bjones826: @azizansari your boy is similar to cougar town?
@davidcho @southcackneez your attitude problems are the equivalent of lemon zest issues. you know what i meant.
cooked up marlow's brick chicken! #getoffme @southcackneez: some crazy shit goin down in the kitchen #bricks
parks and recreation is back tonight at 830 on nbc. still no word on empty nest...
amazing! surprise screening of star wars episode vii at this morning's illuminati meeting. so great.
i hope before they did they said "regulators!!!! mount up." @nytimes: regulators around the globe ground boeing 787s
watch kroll show tonight on comedy central at 1030! he's one of my closest jewish friends and a hilarious man.
@mike_314159 finishing the tour in spring and filming it for release then too. what city you in?
@dawn_827 hahaha oh my god!! more pics plz. who is your hub?
i'm presenting at the golden globes tonight. the lovely and hilarious amy poehler and tina fey are hosting. you should watch!
.@pusha_t if it is "choppas" are you referring to tiny remote control helicopters? how many do you have?
.@pusha_t also are you at least getting some sort of interest rate on your ceilling, have you thought about a money market account?
rt @wallacemcknight not gonna lie i was skeptical, never should have doubted you! millions in the ceiling millions millions in the ceiling!
millions millions in the ceiling millions in the ceiling! this is all i listen to right now: 
do this! @toddbarry: you can download my latest album "super crazy" for just $5.99.
if your job title is "handwriting expert," you gotta have some other hustle on the side right? that can't be your fulltime gig right?
wow! rt @variety academy award nominations stunner: hitch and kindergarten cop retroactively nominated for best picture.
this dude is legit using twitter to try to scheme free bugles. #smh rt @harrisrules13 gon get me some bugles
read this: i interviewed myself for bullett magazine. we took cool photos too:
@ochojimbro happy birthday! thanks for helping me put off work for a few seconds by doing this.
#ohbrudder
quick question - what if instead of doing work, i research everything i can about the lil twist-justin bieber controversy? #improductive
what? is this a typo @cnn? rt @cnn obama taps albert brennaman as cia director (cc: @joemande, @davidcho)
@davidcho @joemande guys its been over 3 months since we've watched hitch together. let's get a viewing on the books #hitmeonthewalkie
@m0mmyloves_ari awwww! how is she? you guys were sweet too. she was so adorable, and i don't say dat about just any ol baby
this guy would be perfect to play ron swanson on the indian version of parks and rec.
on the indian version of parks and rec, tom haverford is played by a white guy who's character is named priyesh nanjannaman.
@jc9611 band of outsiders. thanks!
yep that's me! #biscuits @photog_tc: @azizansari you finally got the biscuit license plate?!?
yep @skinnersteven: @azizansari were you the 'indian architect' on call @chelseavperetti?
@mindykaling @kentremendous @djgoor is that true????
that's exactly what he wanted the terrorists to think (cc: @prattprattpratt) @manuelitofresh6:  i though bert macklin retired?!
has anyone seen zero dark thirty? the parks spinoff movie about andy dwyer aka bert macklin hunting down osama bin laden?
you are my hero rolowe @roblowe: duet with kenny loggins tonight to end 2012. song? danger zone. target: destroyed. like ear drums.
ramp up 2013 right now, throw on mark morrison's return of the mack right now
just kiddin im not! goin gorillaz nonetheless. happy ny everyone!!!!
shit. @jwoliner: update: apparently the psy i booked is "sy abrams", old guy w/a bunch of decrepit puppets, wont leave til i pay him
hey everyone, psy will be doing a secret midnight performance of gangnam style at my friend @jwoliner's house. #2013 #heeeeeysexylady
@almightythor93 that's a tour date from 2012 not 2013.
@davidcho dude is onpoint bout "hyper girls"
@sm810_ back in january boo boo
yes theatres hire this man! @bsabs93: @azizansari dhango unchained 4:10*, 7:30, 10:10 (*=ratchet screen, no passes accepted)
@amtendler take that fool out
happy holidays!
huh? @harrisrules13: man i swear public bathroom sinks have the coldest water
there needs to be a new yelp feature to help accurately assess ethnic restaurants - "remove white ppl reviews."
someone just threw an xbox at my head. in this case, it is safe to say video games are responsible for violence.
join the cause to protect americas children and stop gun violence:
@kentremendous he also knew his entire bio. ("enough. i am takagi.") strange. but this is pre internet, etc.
hahahahhaha rt @chasemit: just want to point out the nra's plan to stop school shootings is literally the plot of kindergarten cop.
watch the trailer for this is the end:
go see this is 40 this weekend! i am going to, so if you want to kidnap me, you know where i'll be.
when someone walks into a school w/a rope w/a spear attached throwing it and screaming "get over here!" then let's discuss video games.
worlds collide and i love it @iamdiddy: congrats to my dear friend @lenadunham for her golden globe
nomination. best actress!! let's go!
me too@davidcho: i'm on da cookies. rt @2chainz: anyway im on da cookies!!! remember dat before people start sayn it allll the time hahaa
yes!!! @juddapatow: one year from tomorrow anchorman 2 will be in theaters!!  it is kind of a big deal.
@wbh_hate @harrisrules13 hey dumb dumb when you quote it has the authors name in the tweet so it
gives credit
@harrisrules13: hate it when facebook tv fan pages post spoilers like it's nothing #havesomedecency
word. @southcackneez: instagram can feel free to sell my instagrams of pimento cheese to companies that sell pimento cheese #pimentocheese
@chelseavperetti @sofifii oh brudder
warning: extremely niche tweet: moved around so much that i think my greg daniel's lemon cake may not make it to me this xmas :(
@bunksandwiches @og_ian whaaaaaattttt whaaatttt when when when
@chelseavperetti @davidcho @southcackneezy soundtrack for that tweet:
@chelseavperetti oh brudder! (imagine it said quickly with a slightly higher/warmer tone) #ohbrudder2point0 (cc: @davidcho, @southcackneezy)
@paulfeig @hbo paul i've been there watch die hard and go to bed
if i wasn't in comedy, i think i'd work in suits and/or food. or i'd just live at home, be fat, and wear sweatpants all the time.
.@mattwilhoit won a charity auction for me to ghostwrite his twitter account for 15 mins.  i'm starting in 2 minutes.
we hate hurricanes benefit w/me, will ferrell, beck, @chelseaperetti is tonight in la. just released a few tix here:
i'm never upgrading any software no matter what they say. it always stinks. fuck you new software versions.
@joemande: ok. rt @tylerperry: my friend cheryl just bought a live christmas tree. she found a snake in it.  be careful.
jim you were on my flight and didn't help during my torta panic! #damnitjerry @jimoheir: @azizansari look one row back to your right.
oh damn! rt @holyjaw
@azizansari change the format:
.@apple - when you do shift-command-4 for screengrabs - just make it a jpg not a png. png is a ratchet file format
tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas tortas
oh noooo! i missed my flight!! gate closed at 1:10!!! jk got to gate at 1:08, tortas in hand. #experttraveler #travelchampion #tortas
fyi tommy has a 5, aziz still got a 4. @ryangallasch: i really appreciate that @azizansari has an iphone 5 in the newest parks episode.
@cutty902 @mshawvs i don't have a torta restaurant at home bro
.@americanairlines since i am executive platinum can someone grab us tortas plz, will use miles to purchase if needed
any1 at ohare can get me and @mshawvs tortas from tortas frontera? running late for flight. will reimburse, give free tix for next chi show
@realarmandohaha it's the best fast food burger
au cheval (chicago) just joined my top burgers in us. others: shake shack (ny), holeman and finch (atl), innout (la), and husk (charleston).
new parks and rec tonight at 930/830c on bet. jk the show is on nbc. plz watch.
if you somehow haven't seen it yet, this video of jay-z talking to this nice elderly lady on the subway is amazing:
@timheidecker damn man, between this and @jwoliner's shirt fiascos, tough time for my buds. keep ya head up tim.
get x-mas gifts that help fight poverty and hunger with @oxfamamerica at
looking at a lot of photos of this cheeseburger i'm eating saturday. if i were really fat, this would be so sad. #shoutouttomymetabolism
@sofifii preach.
@andyinglis i'm working on it!! promise.
"nathalie dupree, a biscuit doyenne out of charleston, s.c.... disagrees." holy shit. i want to marry a biscuit doyenne! holla nathalie!
"some southerners believe that it is not possible to make a good biscuit north of the mason-dixon line." amazing quote.
yep, still up, now i'm reading this:
@jdisman will film it early next year. the $5 thing will be component again for sure, may do something else weird in addition
@catalina_loca whoa! interesting, send it to me. did you get to see buried alive?
@matt_talarico love it. this original is so cool though. some other band covers it in a much different way, google around for it.
the other song is dmx covering "rudolph the red nosed reindeer" which is somehow as amazing as it should be:
obsessed with 2 very different songs right now. the first is "baby" by donnie and joe emerson:
lot of controversy over homeland pairing abu nazir with jean ralphio. i dunno about it:
@jhunter64 haha no! i just didn't see they were snapping a photo
i'm thinking about a town made of ice cream, different buildings are different flavors! wow this is awesome.
thought that went through my head "what other foods would it cool for a town to be made of?" god damn it. i have a problem.
i'm going to be so fat one day :/
quickly deduced if a town were made of brisket, i would carry a squeeze bottle of my favorite bbq sauce, slaw, and white bread at all times
very sad to discover briskettown is a restaurant and not a secret brooklyn neighborhood made of brisket that i didn't know about
just realized its christmas time. gotta bust out that bieber drummer boy feat. busta rhymes. let's goooooooo!
no, i don't own michael buble's christmas album, but let's just say if its on somewhere i'm at, i'm not upset.
amazing. @hannibalburess: i've never seen a dress code that said "no jordan's". you can wear the lebrons though.
been on a led zeppelin binge since silver linings playbook used this song so amazingly:
what should i eat for lunch
@chelseavperetti @loverrlylucy fit all the relevant info in a tweet #challenge
@chelseavperetti @loverrlylucy not enough characters and you werent confirmed as far as i knew
@luchodurand we live in la and are just trying to help any way we can. i'm sorry.
we hate hurricanes benefit: me/jon hamm/will ferrell/@sarahksilverman/beck. presale 10am tomorrow:
.@kentremendous you know my primary on set snack is pbandj w/crusts off right? (cut into diagonal fourths in case anyone else needs a bite)
oh shit. @michaelausiello: rider strong chimes in on girl meets world: 'i have no official involvement'
i love that i randomly wanted to hear this, and was able to hear it within 2 seconds:
agreed. so good. go see it if you haven't. rt @chrisrock silver lining playbook is crazy good !
@papigrego hey idiot, the funds are going to the victims of the hurricane
is diddy in fast 6??! rt @iamdiddy good dinner with good friends. shout out to @tyrese and vin diesel!
@brilie54 haha! oh shit man. sorry. i don't think i rt'd any spoilers. i'll be more on it. don't want to ruin your viewing experience!
@sophiarossi i made this for you to help explain this song:
@sofifii @joemande joe is correct. its a stack of bills who's sum is $1000. held together with a band, hence the "bandz a make her dance."
rt @sergeantbrody i never thought i'd say this, but things were a lot easier when my daughter dated that chubby stoner kid
homeland fans: if you are all caught up, follow my friend @sergeantbrody on twitter.
@curiousliz i made them for thanksgiving. really easy recipe. google it!
@juddapatow hey new guy, pass the salami!
@jerrysheehan jerry you know i got coming to america in the mix. gotta keep some programming secret
tragic stuff here fam @jwoliner: an official apology for what happened yesterday re: @jeshirt. please read/rt.
yes! @elicash_lowkey: hbo-aziz: if you're sick of your boring movie channel, "help is on the way, dear!!!" (mrs doubtfire clip)
@stevehowze nice.
hbo-aziz "you'll be saying 'toot-a-loo!'
to all your other channels." (still from mrs. doubtfire)
hey @hbo, here are some ad campaign ideas. hbo-aziz "hold on to your butts..." (photo of sam j in jurassic park)
@davidcho was an honest mistake. clearly a brenneman esque misstep not a malicious munson esque move. #sometimesweallneedahitchtoslideusapen
tremendously positive feedback on my movie channel. hbo hit me up. lemme program hbo-aziz and obliterate ratings records!!!!
@runjamm you think sc2 homey! and yes it's in.
yes! @t_malloy320: @azizansari point break, brah.
back to the future, speed, hitch, jingle all the way, and mighty ducks 2 to also be on my movie channel. thanks for feedback.
yes!! 1 and 2 sometimes 3 "@zaynrand: @azizansari what about back to the future
im makin a movie channel that only shows mrs doubtfire, jurassic park, home alone, die hard, and t2 @davidcho: wish mrs doubtfire was on tv"
@spank_williams @dargandhi123 @southcackneez @harrisrules13 yeah 200 points, trade 1 card
time for the yearly epic thanksgiving spades battle. me and @dargandhi123 vs @southcackneez and @harrisrules13. #wegonillwithaliljoker
can't make this stuff up. cousin darwish still reppin random tv. @dargandhi123: i'm watching arrow
oh damn. we at it again. turkey torissi style. #cooksohardmothafuckaswannadinewithme #thatshittasty #thatshittas
mac and cheese on deck. #shoutouttozingermansrecipe #cooksohardmothafuckaswannadinewithme
i'm in the kitchen, yams everywhere!! #noforeal #todayweareall2chainz
.@southcackneez and i cooking torrisi turkey, zingermans mac, fij's lamb chops and more. #werunthanksgiving #stepoffmomswegotthis
@paulscheer i approve!
preach. @damonlindelof: : @azizansari i am already through security.  how?  because i am certified pre-secure!!!
#ipwnedlax
yeah i'm flying home on the busiest travel day of the year. think i give a damn sahn?! expert travelers like me live for this shit.
that's a boy dressed up as a girl, they thought it too mean a joke if it was a girl #learnedthattoday @anniescav: buzz's girlfriend woof
whoa. @adamtargan: @azizansari buzz from 'home alone' is a villain in alexander payne's 'nebraska'
@joemande social network and hitch
at a clippers game with @southcackneez and @chelseavperetti. really hoping a "like mike" situation happens to one of us... #igottheticket!
deleted skyfall scene: bond sets up a bunch of micro machines to get silva to slip and fall.
@iamkatygoodman season 3. so good.
@jmerwin1 @rejectedjokes we always make em up right before each take. it's a very fun, dumb thing to get to do.
can someone at shade45 on sirius let me, my brother aniz aka @southcackneezy, and @davidcho do a hip hop radio show? @realsway?
@amtendler come on, you know ware da good ones are
we are supposed to be working on a script, and somehow i am on this webpage now:
two minutes into our writing meeting and @jwoliner and i are already discussing peanut butter banana ice cream. #smh
@juddapatow one of them was maybe my favorite show ever but i don't want to say which and hurt the other ones feelings. both were real fun
why hasn't someone designed a "silence shell" that goes over plane seats where noisy ass kids are seated? seriously. why not.
@iamkatygoodman me me me me
you gonna get rt'd and blocked at the same damn time @jessicatimpe: same damn time is the same damn kind of crap music #noapologies
if you're coming to carnegie hall show tonight, black tie recommended. #latenoticeblacktierequest
lets retire chels @romanymalco: big thanks to @chelseavperetti and @azizansari for their hilarious take on @thinklikeaman. awesome podcast
oh brudder "rt @chelseavperetti: i'm not tired at all at all at all at alllllllllllll
can everyone do black tie for carnegie hall show tomorrow? i forgot to mention this earlier. lemme know. think that'd be cool.
wow. was watching steve harvey clips on taxitv. then steve turned and addressed my romantic troubles a la tlam!! (cc: @chelseavperetti)
@jcam1993 is the rare soul song by rotation? not the al green or j lo song?
anyone have an mp3 of that rotation song "ain't it funny'? old soul song, heard it on a @pbwolf mix long ago....
this show will be great! watch: "@huffpostfood: aziz ansari's hilarious guest spot on bourdain and chang's new show
east coast: if you want to see tom and jean ralphio go ham on parks, i would change the channel to nbc in bout 3 minutes.
in case you are wondering, i've decided to play "at the same damn time! (remix)" yet again and go ham. sure this is what you are doing too.
@ryanathomas diddy verse is on point.
at the same damn time! at the same damn time! #guesswhatsongimlisteningto
@ianroewer these shows are buried alive. i have new stuff but gonna save it to do on the next tour.
@danstefanis ricky's and guisados
@babsietweets i am only there for the weekend in nyc but am doing benefit shows soon
@bryzak25 i only work on new material there and i always drop in unannounced.
@jordandelay yes in 2013 sometime
i think
couldn't be more excited to do standup in nyc this weekend. apollo theatre on friday. carnegie hall on saturday. see ya soon.
@amtendler @danlevy congrats on your radio tour
@amtendler hahahahahahaha!
epic. @chelseavperetti has joined @hannibalburess and i on #teamwindowseat. enjoy your rest with no disruptions boo boo.
@j_garabedian stay strong my mab
@joemande @moshekasher @chelseavperetti @hannibalburess @paulscheer oh cool. what if you sleepin on a ny to la flight joe? #ripyourargument
@realedr #teamwindowdontfuckwitsouthwestakabozoairlines
"we have to get to the airport at least two hours before" #teamaisletalk
bet @chelseavperetti and #teamaisle think southwest's seating system is really cool and exciting! lol
oh shit!! @prestonjolson: @chelseavperetti @azizansari @moshekasher @joemande  yeah, but heres you #teamwindow
@chelseavperetti @moshekasher @hannibalburess @joemande @paulscheer all in the eye of the beholder boo boo
amazing!! @ericwareheim: the 2012 tande costume winner is chris stonebraker @foiledcranium. congrats.
@chelseavperetti oh brudder
so good @grantland33: grantland exclusive! tim tebow's e-mail hacked! by @justin_halpern
#preach @hannibalburess: @chelseavperetti in the aisle you get bumped by the cart and people put their crotch in your face. #fuckthat
@davidcho @joemande @chelseavperetti #preach
i bet y'all check bags too @joemande: @azizansari @chelseavperetti #teamaisle
would rather not stepped over when im sleepibg #aislepassondat "@chelseavperetti: window seats are like "middle plus" #aisleordie
@kylekinane at least it ain't called dr grin's
pass the refreshments a cool cool beverage
illuminati afterparty goin ham. hendrix and hov doing 99 problems. solo was nuts!!!!!!
yep!!! amongst other jams. @dothedhu: just imagining the party @azizansari is having right now, blasting pop that
chill sahn rt @realdonaldtrump
we can't let this happen. we should march on washington and stop this travesty. our nation is totally divided!
predicting that president obama walk out to future's "you deserve it" to make his victory speech.
karl rove bout to give a suge knight style beat down to the dude who was supposed to rig the machines.
shoutout to people standing in line to vote! stay strong. play "guap" or "slight work (remix)" on your phone and go ham to pass the time
rt @harrisrules13 hurry up and vote so you can go play halo 4
last one for a bit. @christianverwys: @azizansari @rkelly my minds telling me no, but my body, my body's telling me vooottteee
rt @kesslering: and i vote the same thing every single time, baby, you the fuckin best, the best i ever cast." (cc @drake)
i'm in the kitchen! votes everywhere! (cc @2chainz)
whoa. good one. rt @swagyrocwilson: fill a circle on the ballot, that's a vote cast. (cc @bigsean)
rt @boywhiz88: @ludacris vote, bitch! get out the vote! get out the vote, bitch get out the vote! vote, bitch! get out the vote!
rt @your_neck: @liltunechi @azizansari i'm goin in, i'm goin, and ima vote hard, and ima vote hard!"
well done. rt @babystatesman: get a booth full of ballots and you voooooote in it (cc @kendricklamar)
let's hope so! @schmitty418: @azizansari aint nobody fucking with my vote, vote, vote, vote @bigsean @kanyewest
vooooooootin!!! my boys we be voooooootin!!!! (cc @wakaflockabsm)
rt @ephemeralbright: @azizansari all i want for my birthday is a big voting ho.
vote! vote! vote! vote! vote! vote! vote! bounce! girl, what ya voting with? (cc @frenchmontana, @drake, @rickyrozay)
don't stop! vote that! don't stop! vote that! vote that! vote that! don't stop! vote that! don't stop! vote that! vote that! vote that!
unreal!!! "carrie, i want you to meet jack bauer and tony almeida. they're going to help you capture abu nazir." #fakehomelandspoiler
unreal!!! "carrie, i want you to meet jack bauer and tony almeida. they're going to help you capture abu nazir." #fakehomelandspoiler
@ederjrey lol yep. see my last tweet.
dude is the best. watch @chrisrock's message for white voters. 
rt @headcountorg: need election info? (polling place, id requirements, verify your reg. status). it's all here:
@deceptikhan_ guap!
@akbeelay well done sir.
gucci mane feat future - fuck the world #np
endorsed. @davidcho: best la saturday lunch of all time: 1-2 ricky's fish tacos + 1 yuca's burger
@trendthedj that's april 2012. those are old shows.
congrats to a hardworking, thoughtful man. watch! "@louisck: hi. i'm hosting snl tonight. how crazy is that?
txt redcross to 90999. donate $10 to help sandy relief. do not txt "wsup girl?" to 90999 after 3am, you cannot booty txt a donation.
step in the name of love! #chocolatefactory #leggo #kellzinla
r kelly had sex with a shadow. insane. #kellzinla
stage setup has two "singles bar" with bartenders making kellz drinks on stage. #kellzinla
@jrsterne @chelseavperetti all caps for life
what is going on man rt @harrisrules13: passing the time playing spades (while listening to @taylorswift13 's red on repeat of course)
yes! @ramseystewart: @azizansari have u seen the unsolved mysteries with matthew mconaughey?! #allrightallrightallright
in the first interview, the dad has a silhouetted lighting going (so his face is obscured)...
ok, i'm watching this ghost story from unsolved mysteries:
hey! how about some good news? louis ck is hosting snl this week! yay!!!!!
!! @harrisrules13: wondering if its coincidence both @taylorswift13 and i have a 13 in our usernames or if it's something much bigger
?? rt @harrisrules13: woah now i understand all the hype of taylor swift's red
@chelseavperetti its juniper slingo
the italian word for you on halloween is "grumpaccino" rt @chelseavperetti: the italian word for halloween is "garbaggio"
for those askin im at the one on orange but i'll be gone by the time you come to murder me! hhahahahahhah
you think this is a fucking game? i live this shit sahn. #innoutboutogeteaten #orderno4whaddup
@hannibalburess @kevinbozeman i'm already into this bit
nyc you are my favorite place ever! my thoughts are with everyone in the city. be safe fam.
@jitladala im in la but thanks for checkin on me jazz!
@gmcastillo1 @avclub watching now
man i been watchin way too many old unsolved mysteries clips on youtube today. thanks a lot @avclub.
@__jonathan__s no brown face and then just wear a tommy haverford esque outfit if you can find that much swagger on such short notice
@stoppableforce click the link i tweeted my man
yes! @veraclaythorne: @azizansari @theavclub whenever they did age progression photos for the missing, i'd be freaked out.
@travelprobs @theavclub so scary!!
loved this show as a kid. @theavclub: robert stack and the irresistible creepiness of #unsolvedmysteries.
@wintercheck wdb
no but i want it now, @matthewshawver? you had it? @jcwatsonfive: @azizansari have you had the chicken biscuit @lowcountrynyc? #fatboylife
rt if you are a series regular or have been an under 5 on glee
rt if you left a party to go get tacos and just got back to da party and ppl like "oh damn you got tacos? good idea"
we hanging out the window it's bout to be a sjge knight!!!!!!! rt if this is your situation as well
"i hate halloween" - grumps of the world
rt if you arent a fan of hate crimes
dont stop pop that dont stop pop that pop that pop that dont stop pop that dont stop pop that pop that that#guesswhatsongimblastinrightnow
"you merely adopted the flannel. i was born it." #kurtcobane
.@nickzinner wins halloween as kurt cobane.
"yo wolverine just pushed bane!" #awesomepotentialhalloweenfights
@mylifeasliz_liz @chelseavperetti @ericwareheim oh. shit.
rt @ew joe mande's "morris" parks spinoff makes revolutionary multinetwork deal. show to air concurrently on nbc, cbs, fox, and abc family.
wow rt @variety spielberg and scorsese in talks to co-direct joe mande in "morris." daniel day lewis rumored to be playing morris' uncle...
@davidcho: shoutout to newest parks star @joemande aka morris aka the hottest thing in the game #imtalkingtoyou #lol
"what the fuck. that girl is making out with barney now." #overheardonhalloween
"yo that girl just hooked up with gangnam style in the port a potty." #overheardonhalloween
it'll happen. promise. @fothrizzle: @azizansari when's yo' uk tour?
here they are. @gqmagazine: treat. yo. self. the 10 essentials of @azizansari:
"sorry officer, no ticket for me, if i'm over the speed limit, that's something god intended. peace."
yes @southcackneez: dont cross alex cross. unless you were crossing it off the list of moves you watched and loved. #tylerperryisalexcross
recording buried alive soon, writing the next hour now... rt @redikelias when are we gonna get another comedy album???
watch: part 1 of my conan interview where i discuss australian slang and my fear of marriage:
west coast: i'm on conan shortly on tbs. i was there during the taping so i'm watching something else.
"our final question on foreign policy, what are your thoughts as far as vin diesel's ethnicity?" #betterdebatequestions
"do you think kendrick lamar's album lives up to the hype?" #betterdebatequestions
"what are you guys going to be for halloween?" #betterdebatequestions
yo candy where you at? step in with the facts boo
"speaking of the road to greece, candidates, where is the best gyro you've had in america?" #betterdebatequestions
no one wants tweets on the screen abc, leave that shit off. #unlessyouwannapostthisone
i know i was shitting on the undecided voters and their questions last time, but this shit is mad boring without them :(
damn. totally missed this morning's illuminati meeting. @tomhanks please send over any big info i may have missed.
@gregabramowitz i won't spoil anything don't worry
just found out actor who plays david estes (been great this season) is british!! btw i also pretend estes is david palmer's 2nd cousin.
me watching homeland yesterday: "homeland... homeland!! no, no, no!! homeland how are yo--- oh shit! it's just episode 4 homeland! fuck!!!"
@matt_zb loved it!!!!
@dxbriscoe obama benefit at largo on 10/30 and i've been secretly dropping in places a lot to work on the followup to buried alive.
@lionabl that's the newest stuff, so that really means a lot. thanks. i felt for that royce dude. brutal.
agreed @hannibalburess: genuinely appreciate this random fact. @thegloryofman: master p's daughter is named cymphonique.
welcome to the "r u the other guy that's your same ethnicity" club @killallopez: @hannibalburess r u stanley from the office?
@chelseavperetti @mradamscott @nickkroll yo i can see this tweet
i think @chelseavperetti's soul mate is actor morris chestnutt. i base this on the fact that her married name would be chelsea chestnutt.
@chelseavperetti any word on that coffee request i txted or are we just writing tweets instead of responding to real humans txts?
also watch night of #2manystars tonight at 8/7c on @comedycentral.
@bradjcollin no
@davidcho this man knows his stuff @stevestrock: @azizansari  power suit, power tie, power steering. #thatslikeametaphor
@mindykaling @chelseavperetti ahhh just left! missed you boo boos!!
hitch trivia: hitch has won more oscars than titanic, the godfather, and citizen kane combined.
yes!!!! classic hitch arm grab! #hitchknowskravmaga @davidcho: vance munson scene on tnt right now. #mmkpumpkin
hitch is on tnt tonight. i wish i could have my mind erased so when i watch, it'd be like the first time i experienced it.
oof true. @southcackneez: really glad i haven't had to attend a wedding in the post-gangam style era
@iamkatygoodman does that include my theoretical guitar solos/bongo playin?
@danlevy @chelseavperetti @amtendler @davidcho @joemande @nickkroll taking avails via twitter for jon lovitz comedy club tues through sun
@amtendler @danlevy @davidcho @chelseavperetti @joemande you gonna go back to halloween horror this year to search for your chain wallet?
@danlevy maybe it's in your throat with the fishbone?
@danlevy @davidcho @chelseavperetti @amtendler @joemande is it true timberlake got married in his "whateva whateva" shoes?
@amtendler @mulaney did you guys finish shallow hal?
can't believe landry from friday night lights is at the center of this voter fraud scandal:
shoutout to scallions aka green onions aka long onions aka green shallots.
tommy would make his lapels have stars and stripes @seancmorrison: @azizansari what's tom haverford's take on american flag lapel pins?
they kept taking time off to make supper dough @wsj: by romney's last year as gov., female staff earned 29% less than male counterparts.
hahahaha @joemande:
new parks and rec tonight at 930 on nbc. tom and ron go to ron's cabin. leslie and co teach seniors sex ed's. its a good one.
@headcountorg: ready to vote? you can vote early in most states, and absentee anywhere. get locations and info at
@wintercheck wdb
"i 'remixed' my views to make it more appealing to the extremes of my party."
under my administration, we will find dominic toretto. #romneypromise
wait is he describing the plot of fast 5?
"do you think the 
texting scene' in season 2 episode 2 of homeland was too unrealistic?" #bettertownhallquestions
"this is a question for both candidates. do you fucks wit sriracha?" #bettertownhallquestions
that workplace sounds so fucking boring. "yo guys, let's have some beers and chat about libya." get lost kerry.
"oh he said his pension is not as big. that makes sense i guess?" - dumb undecided voter
oh shit! pension slam!!!!
why didn't you just look up romney's immigration policy on the internet you lazy undecided idiot
i hate everyone in the town hall so much. they are the dumbest people in the country why are they getting to ask shit
"how come stuff got expensive? i thought you could keep prices down on the stuff i buy..."
shut up michael jones. "stuff is expensive."
seeing that end of watch movie. #thingsyoucanbeundecidedon
havarti cheese #thingsyoucanbeundecidedon
my question for the town hall ppl: "how much of a fucking idiot do you have to be an undecided voter? can you read stuff for like 2 mins?"
shoutout to the 1 minority in the townhall.
oh shit! we bout to get serious!!
watch: i shared my thoughts on chick-fil-a/tasty food/homophobia on kimmel last night:
smoked oat maple hokey pokey 4 life @bandofoutsiders: @azizansari best cookies crafted by tosi @momomilkbar.
this is a useless tweet homey rt @rupertmurdoch back in la. fantastic weather. no wonder people love it here.
i just bring this up cause i shucked oysters for the first time last night and was stunned i didn't stab my hand. #shucktalk
last night myself, @davidcho, and @southcackneez made our own momofuku bo ssam dinner. it was tasty:
i'm on kimmel tonight. not interested? the other guest is honey boo boo. now you in or what??
yo for real though, no racks in this pic. #racksnowhere rt @meekmill racks everywhere!
"he said he has 'jet lag'! hahahahah!" #laughsihavewithotherexperttravelers
the key to economic recovery is to pump pump pump pump it up. @joemande: i'd still like to see paul ryan debate joe budden.
can dennis haysbert run in character as david palmer in 2016?
sydney: doing two shows at the sydney opera house tonight. still some tickets avail here: 
two parks and rec news items. 1) christie brinkley is playing jerry's wife. 2) look at this photo of tom and ron:
they correct minor spelling errors on peoples tweets #signstheyratchet #onlydoingsignssheratchetfeelsalilsexist
if she's all hyped for that new show arrow #signssheratchet
@davelax go get the burger at husk
@kelliesuth soup dumplings?
@wintercheck  oh brudder
@wintercheck it dirty
@wintercheck wdb
homeland. wow.
@chelseavperetti @justincharles what if i did chels. what if i did.
@justincharles @chelseavperetti oh damn i don't know enough bout podcasts sorry boo boo
where should we eat in melbourne??
@stopbeingapud i have to go back to la to film parks. i have family in auckland too. sucks. next time!
@_annyma i would but have to get back to film parks :/
@chrisalmeida100 sydney opera house. tickets are at
@rahulnuthakki doing a brisbane show wed, tickets here:
australia: limited tickets still avail for my shows this week in melbourne, brisbane, and sydney. get them here:
17 hour flight? hmmm, just took a nap and ate some breakfast, but i guess i just landed in australia. #experttraveler #17hourflightaintnothing
thanks everyone for the kind words re: taken 2. liam was always confident the sequel would work with me taking over for him. so psyched.
you gotta explain this tweet man @donaldglover: most enemies
i know. this was a test. let's go into business together. @paulscheer: save him for the sequel...he does call himself "franchise viagra"
wuh bout the rock @paulscheer: hey hollywood want to make a bazillion dollars - john mcclane vs liam neeson from taken. that is all.
@wintercheck wdb
agreed. diva status. @roblowe: btw, worked again today with dj roomba. not as impressed. very inconsistent and mechanical.
#parksandrec
these fools better lawyer up:
@parthew now try an aperol fizz! equal parts aperol, orange juice, and prosecco (some recipes add soda water but i don't)
those asking bout the zingerman's mac and cheese we found a recipe online.
@ninfu36 looked up recipe online
@zbergson making it at home sahn
if you note a strong delicious fried chicken smell taking over la tonight, don't worry - just @southcackneez and i fryin up some drummies!
new parks and rec tonight at 9:30 on nbc. watch it. and stay tuned for a new ep of empty nest right after!
pic from an amazing day of big buck hunting earlier this year. 3 perfect sites in a row! #hunterhero
what happened to erotic photo hunt? rarely seem dem megaforce touch games in ny/la. anyone else use to play?
twork is a double fork you use to eat really big pieces of chicken
sorry typo - twerk not twork.
"third runner up in the bad bitch contest is...."
beamer benz or bentley beamer benz or bentley beamer benz or bentley beamer benz or bentley beamer benz or bentley #backinrotationrandomly
yep @davidcho: dont stop pop that dont stop pop that pop that pop that
watch this key and peele sketch, so funny:
actually now my ppl saying its a salamander. maybe they like yams? #yamseverywhere @2chainz: wtf is this
call into this lil boo @chelseavperetti's new podcast today at 4pm pst. number here:
for those asking, yes i saw looper last night. it's great! found a friend with same schedule who hadnt see it yet. good times @billybush!
@diskord yep that's me
@jmkstock @carnegiehall maybe it's sold out? will check.
not at all fam @keepitfivestar: @azizansari i thought i was the only one who still played i need a girl pt. 2
yerp and i need a girl pt 2 @anotherkmiller: oh man, that and peaches n cream - nonstop @azizansari: yes also jagged edge where da party at
oh what the hell @harrisrules13: i need some new friends #facepalm #looper
if you hear lurkin by waka flocka blasting on repeat in my house and the building is vibrating - rest assured errrything is fine! #lurkin
.@rayj have you seen looper yet?
my nickname in preschool @sofifii: @azizansari chocolate magic!
.@steveharvey you seen looper yet? suit shopping after?
like chattin bout da movie after wit a bud @sahil_bhutani: i don't understand why @azizansari doesn't just go see the movie by himself.
"yes i need a prostitute that doesn't look like a prostitute to come see a movie with me. no sex. just movie. will cover popcorn and ticket."
do people realize how fun i am to see movies with? great bad trailer jokes, snacks, i pre purch tickets online. full package y'all
has anyone i know not seen looper or not have schedule conflicts???
yes! i demanded to say it. @djsullivan0514: @azizansari dropping some melon farmer bombs on #tbs right now, the joys of censorship...
fyi once you join illuminati you get an iphone with emojis that express everything. very convenient.
"let's all go see looper without aziz so he has no one to go see it with! hahahahha!" great prank my friends did yesterday
i'm gonna be so bummed if i miss the boat on teleporting. #getcrackinscientists
yeah, it was a terrible accident, luckily i got twerkman's compensation. #frenchmontanagettinghurtonthejob
i can't twerk in these conditions!!! #frenchmontanaprotestingsafetyissuesatafactory
can you show me what blood samples you're twerking with? #frenchmontanaasabiologist
hey apple chips, guess what? you suck.
sleep through the flight. my move as well @therealjuicyj: yooo gotta be at the airport in 45mins i refuse to sleep #thefreakscomeoutatnite
me too! @joemande: i love my new iphone!
.@iamrashidajones we goin? @luxorlv: don't miss @ginuwine celebrating his bday @lax_nightclub 10/13! come out and celebrate!
what's that song with @frenchmontana, @2chainz, @meekmill, @drake, and @rickyrozay? oh it's every song?? ok cool. #notcomplaining
watch! hilarious and onpoint. rt @harikondabolu
my thoughts on mindy kaling project and indian representation in america:
there's a "topless maid service" van parked in studio city and honestly it's a instagram related car accident waiting to happen.
illuminati donuts - delicious, promote weight loss, and increase cognitive learning.  #illuminatimtglivetweet
early morning illuminati meetings. the worst.
rt @chrishillard new housekeeper lady mrs. doubtfire is all up on my case. #takeiteasy #thisaintbritainb #missdad
yo @danielhillard. lol #shhhhhh rt @mirandahillard finally met a lovely housekeeper today. she's gonna be great with the kids.
yo dm me, got a crazy idea. your brother still do makeup? rt @danielhillard lost custody of the kids. #fuck
sorry bud rt @danielhillard party backfired. miranda wants a divorce. this is horrible. also fired from my animation voicing job today. #smh
whoa daniel, does miranda know about this? rt @danielhillard my son's bday today. gonna blow it out! #farmanimals #jumparound #itson
wanna thank everyone on cast and crew for their hard twork. the twork i do wouldn't be possible without the twork you do #juicyjemmyspeech
seriously what song can you play after "pop that" that keeps shit goin off at that level? need suggestions. come correct.
jonah knows what's up. @jonahhill: blasting "pop that" by french montana  on the way to shoot feeling like a bawse.
fyi i'm from sc not nc. #emmycorrections
i'm presenting an emmy tonight. if you see a brown bearded man presenting an award tonight - rest assured - it is me and you're not racist.
@nkkos shut up
also i used to fuck with toaster strudels. hard. do lil kids instagram their icing drawings now? i used to get some dope designs going.
when i see the guy making popcorn at the movies, i now walk up and go "don't stop! pop that! don't stop! pop that! pop that!" #montana
i'm up now and gonna blast the fuck out of some rap music that involves booties clapping and p-popping in protest. #popthat
know they eatin bagel bites cause when momz brought em out, kid goes "baaagel biiiiiiiites!!!!!!!" #dontgetexcitedforsuchamediocresnackkid
red rover! noooooooooo!!! #onlypoolgamelouderthanmarcopolo
oh great someone taught these motherfuckers marco polo - aka game that is nothing but yelling. god damn it
@pattonoswalt yes
yo lil kids how can you be this chatty while swimming, swim witcha head under water lil lochtes
if you're 8 and making a shit ton of noise while swimming in your pool next door, shut the fuck up. older ppl are hungover and tryin to sleep
@pattonoswalt 1000 more of these patton. now.
i bet endeavor was supposed to have a bunch more flights but united airlines screwed it up somehow.
@thesickness83 link??????
well said @katiedippold: if you don't watch parks and rec tonight, you're pulling a jerry
@damonlindelof you can always ama damon
just started my reddit ama. ask me stuff here:
.@schwarzenegger i need your clothes, your boots, and the outgoing voicemail message we discussed last week.
new season of parks and rec begins tonight at 9:30 on nbc!! all other channels are showing my brother and me reruns so come on, watch.
i'm doing a reddit ama at 3pm pst tomorrow. ask me stuff!
@esshortie happy birthday!!!!!! i gotta eat lunch now bye. have a lovely day
i just punched a batman piata out with my bare hands no bat
i just broke a batman piata over my knee #callmebane
my la mom @jitladala: thankyou @azizansari my lovely son always support me&gt;3  @ jitlada thai restaurant
@tdsmth yo sahn let's get some jenga going and we'll see who's running things #isuckatbowling
to be clear i love "bands that make her dance" by @juicyj though i have sadly yet to see anyone clap without using hands
i love it! reread my tweet!! @therealjuicyj: @azizansari yo get trippy then listen to "bandz" again you mite like it
"i don't really like 'bands that make her dance'." hey do me a favor, go lock yourself in an empty storage unit and never come out
"can you stop playing 'pop that' so often?" how about you get out of my life. now.
two asian friends sent me a photo of ramen they ate and just rolled into my house with bubble teas. #smh
the mark zuckerburgs of da block
time out! stop the bike! @schwarzenegger: vote: should @azizansari get a v-mail? i think kindergarten cop and t2 could be a fantastic combo.
@ddoc91 haha. i am *stunned* to discover you are racist. you're blocked bozo.
@dk745 @schwarzenegger oh fuck! good idea. that kindergarten cop and t2.
@ddoc91 just look at your feed, what should i tweet "go padres!!!" is that on the level of your super interesting tweets?
@eatamanspancake @schwarzenegger i just took john connor's dog wolfie for a walk...  now... where are you?
.@schwarzenegger if you rt this, i'll give you a turboman to give to your son, jk those are impossible to find but still rt plz
.@schwarzenegger let's reboot twins and make jingle all the way 2, film back to back like lord of the rings style
@nessaaasantos done
@zeyadfrkash @schwarzenegger i got you. see how easy it is arnold???!
i have 2 seats to give away to my orpheum show in la. only way to win the tix is to get @schwarzenegger to come to the show. serious.
.@schwarzenegger its my birthday, please rt this. would make my day. ok its not my bday but i love terminator 2, plz rt
.@schwarzenegger i love kindergarten cop, please tweet me back
really i hope i win this @schwarzenegger voicemail contest. watch this video for last winner:
check out @schwarzenegger's epic voicemail giveaway. after you enter he follows you back on twitter!
mike from breaking bad (jonathan banks) is gonna be on parks and rec this season:
if you're bored, go read this interview i did with the @latimes:
yes! @toddbarry: use $ saved buying $5 @robdelaney @azizansari @louisck @jimgaffigan specials to buy mine for $12.99.
ummmm highly recommend checking @joemande's twitter timeline right now.
@mastromonaco you're cuz mistook some other indian dude for me. i wasn't at dnc. #smh #thisshithappenswaytoofrequently
@mastromonaco you're cuz mistook some other indian dude for me. i wasn't at dnc. #smh #thisshithappenswaytoofrequently
round 2: jennifer lopez, dolphins, elizabeth banks?? die hard 5? nope. what to expect when you're expecting. 2/2. #feelingood
just saw january jones, rain, liam neeson. hmmm... that movie where neeson wakes up and doesn't exist? unknown! #boom #neverevensawit
i don't watch movies on planes, but i do glance at other people's screens and guess what they are watching. i'm real good at this.
hov is out. just you and blue rt @mindykaling: @azizansari: hey you coming to see the hermes for babies line i designed? #nyfw obvs w/hov
.'@mindykaling got you and skaarsgard on list for alex wang party. secret location is whole foods on bowery (vip area: frozen foods.) #nyfw
hey @mindykaling, are you still coming to see the hermes for babies line i designed? our show is in 15 mins. #nyfw
holy shit! juicy j performing "bands that make her dance" at dnc. "all these dems clapping and they ain't using hands!" #dnc
rt @ew #parksandrec blooper reel just as great as you'd hope -- video
riddick from chronicles of riddick plays tennis!!! what the fuck??? oooooh. roddddick. #damn #shhhhhhh
fun podcast guys! @nealbrennan: new champs! w/@azizansari. we discuss snoop, the south, and aziz's love of carpooling:
strarting a book club. we'll only read one book. total recall: my unbelievably true life story by arnold schwarzenegger. who's in?
hitch 2 ending- girl: i'm a girl and need hitch-esque advice! me: hmmm... enter @mindykaling as a female hitch. to be continued! #hitch2
gotta eat lunch. more on this later. #hitch2
@goat_musings yep
.@phillipseymourhoffman would be up for playin an albert brenneman type in a direct to dvd hitch sequel starting me?
.@danieldaylewis would you be for playing the albert breneman type in a direct to dvd hitch sequel starring me?
taking suggestions on who should play my love interest aka the eva mendes part in my hitch 2 sequel. hit me.
thanks, u can be an executive producer on the film @shanmackie: @azizansari  @jadensmith is suspended, @officialjaden is the real one. :p
.@martinscorsese @christophernolan would you guys be interested in co-directing a direct to dvd hitch sequel starting me and @jadensmith?
.@juddapatow if @jadensmith declines, would you be interested in playing the albert brenneman type in my direct to dvd hitch sequel?
oh shit. i got it. premise is im training a young guy to get his first girlfriend. the guy - @jadensmith!!!!!!!! #hitch2 #jadenareyouin
.@laurenconrad would you be interested in playing the allegra cole type character in a hitch direct to dvd sequel starring me?
hitch retires and i take over. instead of vance munson - hit it and quit it guy - we'd get jean ralphio to do a similar scene. "mmk pumpkin?"
if i got approached to a direct to dvd hitch sequel, let's just say... i would definitely do it no questions asked.
@mkbreton happy birthday! i hope your day is filled with happiness and no dangerous swarms of bees.
@allhailgreg it's on hulu
@danlevy @amtendler little chicken fry?
let's have a moment of silence for all the chubby asian dudes that are getting 'gangnam style!' yelled at them by bros around the world.
for those asking, the only australia shows will be in sydney, melbourne, and brisbane. all tickets here:
australia: tickets now on sale for my standup shows in melbourne (
@strobel23 shake shack?????
txted a bud to go on a jog then txted another bud to go get these peach filled donuts. #fatsolife
@hannibalburess @bigsean swerve
i'm glad hbo has inception back in rotation, but rather puzzled by stop or my mom will shoot being in the mix.
the best people i know in scramble are my cousin @harrisrules13 and @iamrashidajones. this clearly means they are meant for each other.
@uriktheviking oof. sorry - fyi i have nothing to do with any of those aziz news bots.
oh and also by 10/12 i meant october 12th. sorry, i forgot about that whole thing.
for those asking, yes, i'm doing shows in a few other cities in australia also. info on those shows soon.
@jizzyteacups melbourne and brisbane i believe, info coming soon.
@therock what's big boy breakfast????
hahaha @ben_stoddard: @azizansari damn it, jerry! #jurassicparksandrecreation
yep. @alansiegeldc: dr. malcolm walks into the bathroom after jerry and says, "that is one big pile of shit." #jurassicparksandrecreation
yes @davisallsop: perd hapley, at the computer currently in front of him, says "hold onto yer butts" #jurassicparksandrecreation
hahhahaa @kickpuncher: @azizansari @unforettable donna shoots a t-rex for eating her mercedes. #jurassicparksandrecreation
yep and tries to feed a dilophosaurus a sweetums bar @desertvol: jerry loses the canister of dino dna samples #jurassicparksandrecreation
yes @nicolives: @rejectedjokes @azizansari please make a spinoff series titled "jurassic parks and recreation"
@vickyhanlon melbourne and brisbane and sydney
can i be the guy that goes  'brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr' on rap songs? #reallygoodatrollingmyrs
is @djkhaled a father? "hey! clean up these toys!! i'm so serious!!!!!"
all i did today was listen to bandz a make her dance and eat sour cream and onion ruffles. #sadstateofaffairzherrrrr
ate too many sour cream and onion potato chips today. #ugggggggrrrrrghghg #feellikegarbage
homeland season 2 trailer:
@daymdrops me and @chelseavperetti really want to co-host a review, can you to come to la plz
@chelseavperetti @daymdrops @reddit holy shit
@sofifii yep. "back to my beyonces" - your favorite part of "that's my bitch" #howdoirememberthat
holy. shit. rt @mindykaling
@baron_davis: just wrapped filming #themindyproject with @amareisreal @mindykaling
dark knight rises: rare photo of indian actor originally cast as bane before tom hardy:
"extra garlic butter, i got benihana issues!" lines like these send me straight to rapgenius. update on meaning soon. #2chainz
anyone else jumping around and yelling "crack! crack! crack! crack! crack! crack!"? #2chainzalbumonblast
@stuartweinstock @gofishvancouver dude how good is that fish and chips, i'm jealous you ate it
oh damn!! watch this too. lil darker rhymes but i like @dg83cashmoney: @azizansari i'll one up you with lil p-nut: 
you are my hero. #keepyaheadup @asreial: @azizansari i've seen them live....  more than once.     #hangsheadlowinshame
oh damn. lil kid rapper youtube binge continues. here's the sh'boss boys covering i'm on one!! #fire 
@thejgold @substances any good mul naeng myun recs? that's a good cold noodle move as well.
very on board with this. @hannibalburess: little kids rapping about snacks = a hit -
oh boy. rt @aaronpaul_8 on tonight's episode of breaking bad shit gets crazy.
@hannibalburess @beef5669 say ay yi yi yi yi yiiiiiii
#jeah is amazing @chelseavperetti: @ryanlochte: #jeah i'm out headed back to the states now beyond pumped for your return
yeah, anyone know? @rickydez: @azizansari: pho 95 in denver. wow. #tasty what is with the numbers in pho restaurants?
i can't stop. watch 1)
@the_nicktator same clip twice
@abads17 i'm in la shooting parks. must have been one of my doubles
@corsillo i don't think you understand the concept of ignorance
holy shit. click 1)
@shawngute hey idiot, i'm touring a whole new hour plus of material that's never been released, so don't tell me to "get some new stuff"
ok. do this. play these youtube clips at same time. 1)
@jwoliner oh lil eagleheart rerun plug too? why not??
@danimalinc not complaining ding dong
@fulline yes. it's still the buried alive tour. same material.
nyc: also, buried alive at carnegie hall on 11/10. onsale tomorrow at 11am est. link here:
nyc: buried alive at apollo theatre on 11/9. onsale tomorrow at 10am est. password: fnycf. link:
oof. kinda off. rt @jwoliner whoa first official image of @danielday-lewis in steven spielbergs lincoln
agreed. @theavclub: iconic hip-hop album covers, now with 100 percent more @azizansari. #greatjobinternet
denver: limited tickets available for shows on saturday, aug 11 at paramount theatre - 7:30 and 10:30pm. purchase here:
@chelseavperetti @tonibraxton toni, wanna come watch think like a man with chels and i this week?
@chelseavperetti the ol "no good brunch in la" topic huh? #cueupthetonibraxtondotes
@bjornpeterson2 @iamrashidajones is that what 79% positive reviews on rotten tomatoes means shit head?
@justinbise think i will come back and do the show there again
@phluffypanda havent even filmed it yet. not sure what i'm doing this time!
@dillonross89 8/11 go to ticketmaster and search it should come up
@schneidypants joseph is the man! sorry you got dumped. good luck with your tailoring.
@chrisrock yo that movie came out a long time ago
@thejgold go to "go fish" and get fish and chips!! please!! so good!!!!
@bourdain nice. and don't miss that pork belly sammy at cochon butcher. #oneofmytopsammiesof2012 and #topbitesof2012
@bourdain tell me you got the rabbit n' dumplings.
@rob_babylon @chelseavperetti yo. wtf. chels, this dude is busting out track 7?? we might have break our 90 day rule
@rob_babylon @chelseavperetti you ain't been to his food truck???
@caroo0o0o0 no don't go there! i was joking. eat at nora grey
@bourdain you gotta get the pork belly sammy at butcher. #havingtasteflashbacksasitypethis
bye montreal. thanks to @noragraymtl and @joebeef for keeping us well fed.
"i'm gotham's reckoning!" -  (thanks @deanareys for discovering the bane emoji)
eggspected that sooner! @nathanmichaelis: skrilleggx. rt @azizansari: does anyone know who's djing at eggspectation tonight? #montreal
does anyone know who's djing at eggspectation tonight? #montreal
wow @joemande just crushed it at the secret show at tim horton's. top notch! #montrealjustforlaughs
house of pain's "jump around" is permanently associated w/that mrs. doubtfire opening bday party scene. #farmanimalsallupinthebdaycake
@davidcho deana and i just discussing this
montreal: back for 3 shows at the metropolis this week. friday sold out. ltd number left for wed and thurs. get em here:
here's an interview i did with @pitchforkmedia:
feel obligated to continue watching robocop 2 on hbo til i figure out why this little kid is one of the main villains.
@chelseavperetti only 3 - toni braxton, how much wez on the phones these days, think like a man
watch this! rt @toddbarry: my @comedycentral special "super crazy" premieres 11pm tonight.
table mountain. #nichetweetforsfshow3
@aerika_laine hahahaha. glad to hear that.
@williedetails @chelseavperetti @cjenkinscomedy yo i dont know what the fuck yall talkin bout leave me out this convo
@jbhinusa tickets valid for the new date. refunds avail at the venue or by contacting customerservice@tickethorse.com or call 303-405-6066
@tinawinabobina ugh i'm really sorry christina, i'll come back to denver again soon. i hope you understand why we had to do it this way.
@overbysara i'm really sorry, it just didn't seem appropriate to do shows so soon after. i hope you understand.
@encerebracao yes tix will work. i'm sorry, just didn't feel appropriate to do a show so soon after what happened. hope you understand.
all tickets valid for the new 8/11 shows. if you need a refund, please contact customerservice@tickethorse.com or call 303-405-6066.
due to the tragedy in aurora, we have postponed my denver shows to 8/11. my thoughts are with the victims and their families. truly awful.
@arbales @bluebottlemint i know we had a meeting, will come back later!
@colbyraden one of my favorite proposal stories! thanks.
@nevercontrary i gotta finish this tour, record a special, and then write a whole new hour. so probably not too soon.
@respectmahustle yeah in fall/winter prob
@kgjoseph yeah in fall/winter prob
montreal: i'm doing 3 shows at the just for laughs festival next week. get tickets here:
fuck. just hear midway through dark knight rises - bane leaks the ending! #atruevillain
@chelseavperetti depends on her short term goals and her long term goals
@jfklives then it's like ok now they are definitely done - boom - d3 all up in ya grill.
why do i instantly remember this @davidcho: "good job captain duck."/"thanks gunner!!!" (cc @rembert)
@sydneyep luke's lobster, abc kitchen, marlow and sons
@sisternature100 you tried the peanut butter banana one? that sounds tasty
thanks jc rt @jackiechan really psyched for the interview aziz!
thanks jc rt @jackiechan really psyched for the interview aziz!
i taped a 1hr interview for sirius xm's unmasked. it debuts tomorrow at 2pm et on the oanda channel (xm 105, sirius 206 w/sirius premier).
oh shit. i just found out where best friendasaurs are made:
just walked into build a bear for air conditioning, now legit intrigued by their new build a dino program!!
@djasd1 @nhl_sens #schwarmapalacegarlicsauceforlife
@walkerlucas @chelseavperetti
@maplehutt yep
@iamvishalraj it is @chelseavperetti
ok taking off. bye twitterville.
hey @iamrashidajones is it true we are starting an r and b group called chicken 'n dumplings?
@alrmullins chicken n' dumplings. (not 100% true but i like typing out chicken 'n dumplings.)
@vijai_krishnan didn't i just address this. working out scheduling. harder to tour once parks filming starts
never had em! dryin plumz by 2chainz @iamrashidajones: 2 questions, zeezers. u like dried plums? also, what's ur favorite song right now?
@thatkidhasmoxie in a few weeks check
@cheapreward the shows and also eating food and exploring the cities we go to
@atorres086 ends up being an hour and 15 min usually and opener does 20-30
@adamhaidi i did wellmont a few months ago boo. gonna do nyc again in november
fyi all buried alive shows in july will have @chelseavperetti as opener except the borgata.
@chelseavperetti @andju nah far as i know the cookie is up for grabs. be careful dough - she thinks like a man - but acts like a lady.
"sorry i'm late! was pointlessly checking the same 6 websites over and over again and lost track of time!" - honest aziz explaining tardiness
in ny? wanna see @iceage 4 @w/me and rest of cast on 7/9? email ia4screening@gmail.com w/names of all attendees. drake is a wooly mammoth!
@missroberts as it says on the bottom  "more dates added soon..."
@watt_milson dont blame me. that's what bartender said bing bong
@samantha_wilbur i was there friday
@roach2110 is that their slogan? characters welcome? hahaha
if you ever find ya self chopping it up in vancouver, go to go fish and get the fish and chips. ridic. #oneofmytoplunchesof2012
@scottberries opener @chelseavperetti on at 730, i go on after round 8
@djones5454 check you dm
@djones5454 sit separate it'll be good, do it.
@djones5454 you can try to buy tickets at venue, might be a few left but not sure
@cathyb_06 there may be a few single tickets left at the door not 100% sure
@atimiscott its orpheum
@marcycream they are two different hours of material. no overlap
@staceyobrien1 hmmm probably was running cause i was late for a spot at comedy cellar on macdougal, unrelated to your yell. #didnthearya
@kaisdavis really happened once after a college show.
@jonneighbors sorry i have tell jokes inside the theatre shortly, must prepare. well, this is a quick twitter break then back to prep
@3lisabethx i made that playlist, thanks. which song do you not like?
@julexeira november
@davidlatham6 it'll be in the fall
@fairedusurf perfect
yep. @louisck: please remember, louie season 3 premieres this thursday, 6/28 at 10:30pm on fx.  this season is really different and good.
ok gonna go be productive. to any questions i didn't get to rest assured: your duncan hines is irrelevant
@cabowers bunks sandwiches bunks sandwiches bunks sandwiches
@mcgeedennis dude i'm down
@angryhrguy it's a pusha t line in the song "mercy"
@evanlucy poole's diner, so good!! that mac and cheese is ridic.
@kattheatregarry never took sketch writing but ucb is a great place
@mosetsfire84 allergic to hazelnut whatchu think man
@girlchucknorris i came to royal oak, need to do detroit. loved doing the fillmore a few years back for dangerously delicious
@dogofthunder that was cassius "i love you so." been mainly that, stooges, ironman by black sabbath. might try "return of the g" by outkast
@1thejuggernaut your duncan hines is irrelevant
currently 2:54 deep into "where do you go? (my lonely)" by no mercy
was listening to mercy. i had "where do you go (my lonely)" by no mercy on my itunes for some ucb sketch. been too lazy to change it.
me: oh shit there's a squirrel in the road!!! what should i do? @bigsean: swerve. #hypotheticalconvo
no your duncan hines is irrelevant rt @samannthasnyder
your duncan hines is irrelevant @azizansari
@chinaman_andy you overreact to misspellings ding dong. maybe i don't give a shit to spellcheck my fucking tweets #iknowimoverreactingnowtoo
fyi dudes running @newtgengrich twitter page, might be time to drop the "newt 2012" background. don't think it happenin.
your duncan hines is irrelevant rt @newtgingrich spoke at a fundraiser for congressman bill johnson in hanover, oh. great crowd.
your duncan hines is irrelevant rt @rich70435 pineapple upside down cake  duncan hines
fuck. at 24% charge and it's 9pm. mad stressed. rt if ya been there.
@nafeesaa way dis at
fearless four - rockin' it -
@poisonous_aaron show aint done fool, we shooting season 5 in august
@mattroarty @chelseavperetti shut up just kidding thanks dawg
@chelseavperetti they my dvds now
fuccccck been too long since i listened to tried by 12:
poll: what's your favorite rza beat?
@thesolsta hahaha
i'm at your door. your eyes are like why are you here. #whatagangstatoothfairywouldsaytoyou
if you're doing something wrong and someone yells "hey what are you doing??" go "wamp wamp what it do what it do" #pushatdebatestrategies
we on da tour bus back from philly, it stinks like sewage on dis bus. haaaaaalp what song next???
update: he's riding around, he's gettin it. it's his. he spend it.
just got a vm from 2chainz, he's apparently ridin around, but last part of his message got cut off, any idea what else he's doing?
@shitgermanssay @nprfreshair fuck!!! i meant to invite her!!!! damn.
@styleinsuburbs that's amazing! thank you!!
does argyle punch theo in the garage? @uzi3786: @azizansari lol your a die hard fan??
shoutout to the programmer at cmt who decided to throw die hard into the mix.
@wintercheck yuh
@bmcclain @busybeecafe no scarf. light jacket. calm ya self.
i'm in raleigh at busy bee helping folks register to vote. come register  @ofa_nc at
hey chef's feed app, how about adding more cities (cc @chelseavperetti) #nichetweet
amazing. @juddapatow: a wonderful, kind  letter i received as a small child from @stevemartintogo.
cool. doing a car wash with the ghost town djs @jbmiller79: welcome to the home of the so so def bass all-stars. please act accordingly.
atl: i'm in town tonight for my buried alive standup tour. @chelseavperetti opens. get tix here for late show:
@allidiesel it was @chelseavperetti
@gryphon74 puppy story was maybe my favorite proposal convo ever
@davidcho shhhhhh!!!!
well i missed most of hitch cause of the gam---- hold
the fucking phone!!! fuck me!!! hitch is on again!!!!!!!!!!
wow. the heat are even more guarded than eva mendes' character sara melas in the beginning of hitch. #iknowthisisgettingrealdumb
miami is clearly losing focus knowing they are missing hitch on tbs.
hey doris burke, how about an update on what happened to hitch after that crazy allergic reaction to that sushi???
"one of my greatest regrets is directing saving private ryan instead of hitch" - steven spielberg
beware: hitch is black belt equivalent in every fighting method known to man. #okbumpkin
coppola originally wanted to fold the story of hitch into the godfather, but didn't think brando could pull off the dance scene.
writer aaron sorkin was brought in to write all the sara melas-hitch back and forth. #unfoundedhitchbehindthescenestidbits
oh shit. allegra cole wants albert's number but he doesn't have a pen! update: hitch just slid one into his pocket!
hitch is on tbs!! albert brenamen just stood up for himself in the board room. lot of hitch left. tune in america!
this photo pretty much sums up how ridiculous and amazing my dad is. happy father's day!
@momacsaigoren i gotta get ready for 1030 show. sorry bud. hope you enjoyed the show.
@whatwouldkevdo thanks for helping! yeah i didn't ask em to blast lights at the balcony. haha. glad we fixed it. now... phone off!
@whatwouldkevdo how? whats wrong?
@lenkendall please don't yell shit. that's the worst.
watch this. last night i had to help conan out after @michaelbuble bailed on him:
@jorric0 scheduling issues. sincerely, aziz
@nickkroll bunks sandwiches
fyi all june buried alive tour dates will be opened by the hilarious @chelseavperetti not the jabawockeez as previously rumored.
investors needed - myself, @hannibalburess, and dave arnold want to open a bar called white boy wasted. who's down?
joffrey takes control of the library with tammy swanson by his side. #thronesandrecreation
jean ralphio starts secretly dating cersei. #thronesandrecreation
khal drogo hires entertainment 720 to "rebrand" the dothraki. #thronesandrecreation
i heard in prometheus, steve harvey pops up on a tv and gives love advice like he does in think like a man.
@yonkastone ricky's fish tacos, guisados, jitlada
@scooterbooms awww cheer up lil boo boo. it'll be a fun show tonight and go visit in nyc, its the best!!!!
the always amazing aubrey plaza aka @evilhag is in a movie called safety not guaranteed. go see it this weekend!
just saw "sandwich/jewish/grape juice" written in my joke notebook. no clue what this bit was but sounds like a lost gem.
hi. watch hilarious comedian and hitch enthusiast @joemande's comedy central special fri 11/10c. here's a preview:
@mama_afrika1 we added a late show, both sold out?
@jadedeev i'll add more in nov/dec. keep an eye out
@sharplyflexed check the link. there's a date in vancouver
cincinnati: tickets still avail for show this saturday. buy here:
mad men. wow.
@kimmiann1202 yep!
i think it's adorable white kids still enter spelling bees.
@jwoliner @xhollyw00dgrlx it's the robot from short circuit, "number johnny carson 5 is alive!"
@areaneyday @jwoliner #5 from short circuit? no
@tyzerc @jwoliner huh? his name is carson daly. matt weiner told huff po it was a mistake too
@darreneisnor nah his name is carson daly
@luciyer @jwoliner nah he meant carson daly. read it in an interview with matt weiner
@christhefuur @chelseavperetti little
do you know how feasible your dream is. #uchelsestypefareal
@chelseavperetti @fortunefunny also neither of us should be responding to tweets this fast, not good for our real world  images
@chelseavperetti @fortunefunny still unsure
ummmm did the miami heat dj just throw on "machinehead" by bush??
whoa. not to be racist, but i just flipped through channels and saw an indian dude on modern family and legit thought it was me for .2 secs.
mysterious new clip from prometheus featuring kevin james:
dude no! i don't even work there. rt @poot yo aziz, can you cover my shift at foot locker.
@samlannetti gonna tour it for a while longer and then figure it out
damn. that's why mcnulty, lester, and bunk abruptly left our dinner at torrisi rt @noreservations and it gets better
for the last time, sandy kenyan from taxi tv is not doing a secret dj set with me at the cvs at astor place tonight at 3am. #rumorpatrol
@eimajination hold up bozo, if i said 'he,' musta been when she was hidden in blanket. sorry i woke her up. hope she didn't go bananas!
@andrewk406 it won't. only on
charlotte, cincinnati, new orleans: tix onsale for buried alive tour. all new material not on dangerously delicious:
@joemande @himanshu @matthewshawver is brenneman. joe you can be hitch's friend at ellis island.
thanks for all the tweets about my special. version for $5 download on
my dangerously delicious special airs on comedy central sunday at 10 or buy now for $5 at
.@chelseavperetti is vegan but when on tour with me - she eats pork, beef, chicken, seafood, and dairy.
sitting at a restaurant with two people who are both playing scramble. and i'm tweeting about it. #smh
here's a new clip from my dangerously delicious standup special. its about wasting time on the internet. watch:
#nextleveltravel #nohandsdoubleswivel #watchoutexperttravelercomingthrough
#experttravelerswag
@gqfashion what's the best garment bag in the game? eagle creek pack it system is ok, but still run into wrinkles with my tour suits. #askgq
can you explain why you guys were so quiet?  @paulwalker47: @azizansari can you please explain what's going on here?
indianapolis. where should we eat?
we all really need to say jabronis more. (cc: @therock) @laurencoleslaw: @azizansari would hate the jabronis behind us
so fassbender is a young android version of albert brenneman @damonlindelof: it has kevin james' dna. rt is prometheus a prequel to hitch?
it's all good twitterville. parks and rec is returning for season 5! still no word on perfect strangers though :(
@andyinglis workin on it
montreal: tickets on sale now for my shows at just for laughs in july. buried alive. all new material:
@djsquee fuck we wanted burnt ends but didn't have enough time!!
@jojofsu uchiko, franklin, and muellers.
st louis, where should we eat? kansas city killed it - oklahoma joe's ribs and stroud's fried ck and biscuits. #tasty #thefatsotour
@burnsymccreery there is no dvd! only avail online at
also, only because always ask - none of the material on my buried alive tour is from the dangerously delicious special i put out online.
cincinnati: presale 10am tomorrow for 6/9 show. tix:
charlotte: presale now for 6/7 show. tix:
thanks for tokyo trip @gqmagazine. just had lunch w/@davidchang and @lcdsoundsystem. we're thinking spain next? thoughts?
@bankruptaustin dry cleaning is bad for suits. always just steam and press unless absolutely necessary.
why has no one made a game of thrones youtube video dubbing in chris finch dialogue??? internet come on!!!
@twat_everything all material on dangerously delicious is retired. bonnaroo is new
@schuylerroach oh i didn't hear you
@trogdawg it's a different hour
@ohhcathcart you can drag it into itunes and then sync
@therealdjksr nooooooo! totally different hour
@bzarp hahaha no! that would be pretty weird
the shorter, bleeped tv version airs 5/20 on comedy central. or get it now (uncensored, unedited, no ads) for $5 at
here's an update on my standup special dangerously delicious which i released online for $5 at
alicia keys and seth herzog at the met ball
i was a guest on anderson cooper's show anderson, but decided to send an aziz look a like out instead:
despite rumors i am not djing at the jimmy john's in chicago from 3-4am tonight.
dr octagon #theresahorseinthehospital
who wore it best?
@streetzapizza noooo you can't be closed today!!! whhhyyyyyyyyy
atl: first show sold out, so we added a late show on 6/20. all new material. tickets here:
sly just flew a plane into a bridge. cant conceive how this is good for the expendables. #probswhyimnotanexpendable #exp2trailerlivetweet
arnold just ripped the door off a smart car!!! my foot is bigger than this car! #awesome #exp2trailerlivetweet
whoa. theyre in a tank that says bad attitude on the side!! i wrote the same thing on the side of my kia sportage. #exp2trailerlivetweet
oh snap. guess who else is expendable this go round - chuck norris and arnold!! #exp2trailerlivetweet
the trailer just informed me that in this sequel everyone is expendable!! #highstakesyall #exp2trailerlivetweet
van damme is the bad guy! oh fuck!!!! hes trying to obtain 5 tons of plutonium. this can not be good #exp2trailerlivetweet
#montage: cameo followed by crazy explosion, followed by vehicle that is either exploding or en route to exploding. #exp2trailerlivetweet
i now pronounce you man and knife - statham about to stab newlyweds yall.  #exp2trailerlivetweet
the trailer just flashed its first trailer tag line time. to. reload. #fuckyeahitstimetoreload #exp2trailerlivetweet
bored on a flight to madison so think that means its time to live tweet my reaction to the expendables 2 trailer:
watch a new parks and rec tonight at 930/830c on nbc. paul rudd is back and... burt macklin in the mix!
in honor of the popchips scandal, let's all watch short circuit 2 today and have our heads explode. #indianguyisactuallyfisherstevens
in light of the ashton kutcher popchips scandal, i feel obliged to confess that in my amex spots i am also wearing brown face.
london! go see this man! @hannibalburess: just got to london. run at soho theatre starts tonight. tickets here  
see five year engagement this weekend. ton of hilarious people involved including @prattprattpratt aka aka chris pratt! go!
photos (
new parks and rec tonight at 930/830c on nbc. amy wrote & directed. also brad leland aka buddy garrity guest stars with a bolo tie!
subtle shoutout to @chelseavperetti @chethaze: i got some bad women following me.
swords! rock climbing! ninjas! this shit is nuts y'allllll!!! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
"i wasn't going to bury any more joes!" - @therock #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
london? gonezo! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
"i'll take two cases of twin mints and a box of chuckalunks" - bruce willis. don't understand, but i'm in! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
what?! bruce willis is the original joe!!!! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
gi joes are no more!! whaaaaaat!!!! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
fuck yeah! the rock!!! oh nooo!! channnninnng tatum's character!!!!!!!!!  noooooo! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
oh shit! electronic bees in the mix!!! #gijoetrailerrxnlivetweet
i'm now going to live tweet my reaction to the new gi:joe retaliation 2 trailer:
@yaheardwithperd cochon
can't talk. just took a date out for sushi and having crazy allergic rxn!  @joemande: @azizansari tbs is playing hitch again right now!
@jord000 no clue what ya mean, should be avail worldwide. email support@azizansari.com
yo twitter, lets all ease up on think like a man spoilers. not everybody able to see it openin wkend
.@chelseavperetti and i givin downton abbey a try on ride up to asheville for show at thomas wolfe. #julianfelloweswhaddup
where should we eat in asheville??
@estelledarlings oh shit! you watching the new one!! thanks boo.
oh shit my chimpanzee documentary is killing it at the box office y'all #wasntinvolvedbuthopesomeonesomewhereisthatpumped
@amandasuecarter
@ch0dabrown thanks for buying it my dude!
doing standup in asheville & nashville this wkend. @chelseavperetti opening. some sick soulpatches on this flight to nashville btw.
"yo. where u! we got a magician here!" #greatesttxtiveeversent
@letmeknow247 you can stream or download.
here's a new clip from my new standup special. it's called texting with girls. watch it:
i'm gonna be on the view and anderson today. if you are watching and see an indian man that looks like me, rest assured, its me.
@real_human_dude i'm in ny. douche.
go see this nyc! one of the best. @hannibalburess: nyc: i'm headlining caroline's this weekend:
@ldoubleiveeo yes! giving a minute to let people get refreshments. out soon.
you should go get @jimgaffigan's new standup special #mruniverse for $5 at
i really think rappers should start adjusting headphone levels before starting to record their verses.
@chelseavperetti get on scramble boo
twins reboot. me and kevin james. rt if you're in. #twinsreloaded
@virtualpj thank you!!!!!
watch a new preview from my standup special. 50 cent doesn't know what a grapefruit is:
@walbill yeah all buried alive tour dates are different material from dangerously delicious
asheville, nc: i'm going to be doing standup in your city on 4/21. all new material. come see it. tickets here:
@t_brookman thanks tim
@glassminajerie i have another brand new special that i just put out on
@bandofoutsiders special thanks to @bandofoutsiders for the special thanks tweet re: my special thanks for them at the end of my special.
i'm doing a free standup show in the city with the most facebook likes on this page:
@iamkatygoodman this is my nightmare. godspeed.
aziz look a like shut down by the parks dept! putting in a call to ron swanson.
done. aziz lookalike will be there at 4. selling special & taking pics near end of line. @ajk_ajk: shake shack in madison square park."
for those asking, you can only buy my new special from the aziz look a like in nyc or
hahahah nope! look a like! @bobkanavel: think i just seen tommy timberlake @azizansari in nyc in the sickest suit. #chickichickparmparm
@infamousp only online on
@_fixe_ just on
aziz look a like currently selling the special on the ne corner of broadway & prince. go say hi & grab it!
@pliable
if i ever run into the kid that plays that prick joffrey on game of thrones, i'm sorry - i'm beating the shit out of him.
watch conan tonight at 11 on tbs. i tell a funny story or two. #sorryforlatenoticeeastcoast #watchnowifyouthere
@lawlzkevin will do my best
this was very fun: @grantland33 presents "dinner with aziz ansari" by  @danielkellison:
fuck. well some shit just got spoiled by some ding dongs. thanks for ruining my viewing experience dicks!!!!!!!!!!!
@tharealmcgee01 you're an asshole
@pablothepenguin @conanobrien tomorrow
@saladgun i'll come minneapolis later in the tour, promise! just couldn't fit it in the early legs.
@mighty1ne cool just lettin ya know in case you a fan. stay well fam.
i'm gonna be on conan tomorrow. tbs at 11/10c. watch it perhaps? it'll be good.
if @meekmill needed help in the kitchen slicing tomatoes think he'd ask @frenchmontana to come help ch-ch-chop it up?
@hatfieldvmccoy its 100% different material!!
@dutchpants haha yep!
@nick_lug i did one called dangerously delicious. get it on
@tchtrue i did!
@1thejuggernaut sorry to hear that. hope this helps bud. youtube jagged edge - where the party at and maybe that'll help?
yes! @jwoliner: brain-exploding eagleheart season 2 official trailer!!!
shoutout to chickenpox. only disease that says "you know what, we did our thing once and now i'm out of here forever, peace."
@kambiztoday already a vancouver date. check the site
standup dates added in new orleans, atlanta, raleigh, orlando, kent state, & syracuse! info at:
presidental march into simon says by pharoahe monch? rt @barackobama now taking playlist recs. (thx, @azizansari):
@eric_robinson hahah yep. good point.
@thetoshow32292 thank you
@hibbidybibbidy now!!!!
thanks for all the kind words on the @americanexpress spot. there'll be a new spot on @americanidol tonight too. #membershipeffect
as announced on fallon, i'm doing a free standup show in the city that has the most "facebook likes" on
here's part 1 of my @jimmyfallon interview where i discuss meeting president obama:
@ajnavarro1 nooo different material
@imscottmurphy @americanexpress yes!
hi! here's a link to the new commercial i did with @americanexpress:
@sparklesequin i was
@omerismael all different material
@abbybernstein yes
@ncsoo7 yes! getting this fixed.
@jonodle band of outsiders!
@laylaydaniell i like the update. thx.
i'm gonna be on @jimmyfallon tomorrow night. @barackobama, advising you to tune in mr president.
@stevestp this is so dope! one of my favorites
@adlt27 @rickysfishtacos @guisados @lataco the winner is my tummy
i'm doing opie and anthony (@opieradio) this morning. listen to it on your satellite radio thing.
@mathew_nicholas digital!
@deejay410 it's a totally different hour of material
@amhouriganmtbc muncie!!! is jerry there?
mad men premiere is nuts. glen just murdered everyone and he's on the run from the cops! #fakemadmenspoiler #glenisthebest
@topbinpingerjoe sorry was doing a q and a
actually have to go now! thanks for your ?s and support of the standup special. til next time. @deanareys: when is this qanda over? #askaziz
yep @hannahgre: will jean ralphio be making a return to parks and rec anytime soon?
@zomgsomeguy just on my site, no plans for itunes.
@elamorkaka ok
@eazymoneygs you can pay via amazon
ain't nothing wrong @anbrancran: @azizansari do you see anything wrong with a little bump n grind?
done and done! sorry didn't see them others @zackflavalowe: @azizansari @wdbg8r aziz tweet at me. i've been hittin you up for a month!!
@amanda_franco @anthonyjeselnik yeah i like him too
@campcapsize no its 100% different material promise. #smh
@largemidget i wish everyone on the internet was as reasonable and polite as you. #realtalk
@mookieblaylock just my site -
it didn't! we declined a 3rd season to work on other stuff. mtv was cool. @jgates101: @azizansari why did human giant get cancelled?
@wdbg8r whoa! that's scary. just tell him i'll try my best to come to pensacola. hard to tour everywhere with filming commitments.
those asking which comedians i like: @hannibalburess, @chelseavperetti, @louisck, @chrisrock
one on
panera bread co @aliciarae113: @azizansari so where are you taking me for our super romantic date?
i like the nba guys people say look like me #rubio #jl3 @sam_bolam: are your favorite athletes tim tebow and jeremy lin? #askaziz"
@natebain its all new stuff not in dangerously delicious. i don't list college shows cause public can't buy tickets
didn't i just address this #smh @heydeeoh: @azizansari are you coming to philly????? #askaziz
to answer all tour date ?s, the dates are on
or a good nickname for your penis  @kedejo7: @azizansari i think chocolate dinosaur would be a good stripper name.
anush patel @___esh___: @azizansari if you were white what would your name be?
chocolate thunder @imogenstafford: @azizansari if you were a stripper what would your stripper name be?  #askaziz
hahaah i forgot we made those shirts! @amanisfun: @azizansari #askaziz response?
@therock #teambringit @wtfjonathan: @azizansari who is your favorite professional wrestler in history #askaziz
ice road truckers @kyleteachman: @azizansari if you could be in one other tv show not parks and rec, what would it be? #askaziz
foosball (not kidding, i'm really good at foosball) @jaredllandsman: @azizansari what sport are you best at?
pinkman!!!! @aaronpaul_8: @azizansari how does one become funny? #askaziz
colorfu! amazing "the suspect was a colorful man." @agentwhiskers: @azizansari what's it feel like to be a colorful comedian? #askaziz
i don't know if i like you saying colored @xlaneymania: @azizansari what's it feel like to be a colored comedian? #askaziz
need to see a photo of your mustache first. @lukegxi: @azizansari can you ask @nick_offerman to take me canoeing? #askaziz
cause you just ask me shit like this boo @teresa_elyse: @azizansari you never answer any of the questions i ask you. why?
yes! do it!! rt @i_amthefuture will you please tell my wife that naming this puppy jean ralphio is the right thing to do?? #askaziz
i use a beard trimmer rt @therealshaunakg how does your beard stay the same length at all times? it's never shaved, or too long? #askaziz
listen to kiss by a rose by seal a bunch rt @gdinapoli any tips for getting "boo of your dreams"out of my head? #askaziz
ok twitter q and a begins. use #askaziz. thanks for all your support with the new standup special!
@liarallday like what bing bong
twitter q and a starts in 45 mins. get ya questions ready. i'll try to get an update on cousin darwish's travel dilemma.
no dudes on airtran. sorry he's bothering you. @americanair: @dargandhi123 sorry to hear this, darwish. are you flying with us?"
my cousin darwish aka @dargandhi123 is a junior in college and just tweeted "im scared to tell my parents!"
rt @dargandhi123: read flight as 10:45am instead of pm! stuck in atl airport.help me please! @delta @americanair im scared to tell parents
@jsmnsfn i actually had to buy it for legal reasons hahaha
@mrgenixus i wish everyone on the internet was a reasonable nice person. can i give you $5?
@stealthnull you can pay via amazon?
@leukotriene3000 wow. good ear. that's exactly what i was going for! it's a library song from apm.
@scottorwick whoa easy guy. my phone crapped out on me randomly. calling back next week.
@mkabobo in the bonus pack there are a lot of pics and stuff to make your own cover art
@_evanhess haha i see what you did there.
@halakarim oh shit! email support@azizansari.com, they'll fix.
@cubansuperman go to
@ericarsenal haha no band of outsiders, good question!
@cubansuperman what does that mean it won't let you? go to
@drewthaengineer glad you like it! thanks for buying it.
@joeteah
@yungmoola_baby just go to
@charliesheena @writeli i'm done discussing this. its a fake account that guy is just try to get attention, he's not really donating money
@mattminerxvx they'll email you i promise. go to
@charliesheena @writeli i didn't someone would make a fake account and do something that stupid. ugh. sorry about that.
@christian_dah1 i said whatever right?
@jasonhkcrw brand new hour
@yungmoola_baby what happened
@dj_piddles in my case, yes, people seemed to like what louis did so i did it also.
@writeli @realferrellwill @welovetrayvon yeah i just realized that. deleted the rt. stupid fake accounts.
@olson_jd i just realized it was fake, just read it and it seemed legit. fucking fake twitter people. ugh.
@claudiasmurray huh? my special? it's avail anywhere on
@cdkercher problem?
@kissdla you just helped me cop some fish tacos. thanks!
don't do that @_notoriouskid_: haha make him do the r.kelly joke rt @ellevarner: i just saw @azizansari! mad geeked lol
i hope these are the robots that take over the earth. 
@robertcberry1 hahaha it took me a while to find that goofy song. glad you appreciated it.
@evanw2k
@jivetrky pay via amazon is an option too, check
@aamer_nizami email support@azizansari.com
@keithlovell15 love my bald fans. thanks.
@jackdietrich huh? what bit was that? different indian guy?
@eatinghalalfood i know, that's why im asking them to help me stop the pirating. i love that your twitter handle is @eatinghalalfood.
@geekhillbilly i don't have a copy unforch. you got home alone? i'm down with that being a fake too.
@realkevinpatel
@saravanan_sud hahaha thanks!
can someone upload a fake torrent of my new standup special that plays the episode of baywatch that guest stars geraldo?
@cjay_speaks asked em about it
i admire your compassion but google news that dudes name, you'll see.  @hollifina: @azizansari why u hating on geraldo?
@ry_chance nooooooo. different
@kizzierascal .mov it'll work on there
@nintie you can download the new special worldwide on
it's really appropriate to tweet this any day, but seriously - fuck you geraldo.
yep. don't steal! @oli2033: just torrented new @azizansari standup. played file to find out it was jingle all the way! what the hell?
@chadcleary shit! my phone died. will be back on another time.
@shearly_erratic i am go to
@thegreatwes5 login in again with your email and you can start downloading again.
@henrysanchize thats old! the new special is only online at
didnt know flocka was a host! @cbsthismorning: @azizansari joins us w/@charlierose @gayleking and @wackaflockaflame"
@stefanjd no just
@lucien_997 yeah you can pay with amazon!
@stevestp love this one!!!
@notjh i should sell my special there and online only.
@freshwidow6 atl date coming soon. holeman is on my list. trust. (its on the dangerously delicious food list in the bonus pack even)
@timothyrueda thanks tim. i hope you like the special!
huh.. yeah... i've tried al pastor. #readthatinthecockiestmostassholytoneyoucanimagine rt @acesbestfriend ever tried al pastor?
@chialinghsu better than tacombi?
"you're out of carne asada??! noooooo!" #azizrage #thatnooooostartedinreallifefirst
@dm313r hannibal and i really bond over our mutual apple juice obsession
i'm losing it. i just yelled "what??! that fish taco place is closed??!" #azizrage
guy that played cheese should play method man #hadtodoit rt @theavclub michael k. williams to play ol' dirty bastard.
@ianlinds fucking paypall!!!!!! go to the site, enter your email in login and hit forgot password. that should send you the stuff?
@thrilla_milla just drag your file into itunes, it'll work. #ithink #imnottechsupportformysiteeventhoughiamindian
@naveenellappan hahah yep!!!! i see it in your profile pic.
@ruby0887 its a different hour!
@byyourhand wuh bout sir richard attenborough
@lauren1082
@kevkevvy sorry, i focus on standup and acting in real life more than twitter bits. #justbeingreal #alsotwitterisntreallifebtw
whoa. think i'm about to grab lunch with 10 really fast typing indian/asian dudes. #allgoodthough #thanksforthesupport #dangerouslydelicious
@therealmjeezy
you in nyc? did you buy dangerously delicious? free from 1 to 230 today? email azizddthanks@gmail.com. first 10 ppl get a dope lunch on me.
@sorrypickleface no. 100% different material.
@noreservations @ericripert @alexstupak that cod is ridic.
@jamiehrice nah i called in from nyc. those folks were mad nice though.
@izzyzuni @chappelledavidk i know you have the best intentions, but don't do that to comedians!! (yell stuff they've said before)
@soundy98 reddit people are so nice and have good questions. "what does nick offerman smell like?" amazing.
@kylebdoeden thanks! i became obsessed with north by northwest few months ago. trailer for my special is like the ol hitchcock ones too.
follow dave chappelle: @chappelledavidk. it's him. trust.
@fruitucky no just
@dbl_e 100% different.
@badgernerd hahah oh no sorry dude, there were just too many! the answer to your question is... carne asada. #assumingyouaskedabouttacos
@mattdabrat405 huh? i'm confused. i like that your name is matt da brat though.
@the_imbroglio email support@azizansari.com, they'll get back to you quickly.
@jonnanotjonah the stuff in austin will be all new material! dangerously delicious is different stuff.
@casey_carroll
fyi if you bought the special, there's a digital bonus with weird shit to make your own dvd cover and stuff. look on the login page.
@rubyenmcc try again, just worked for me.
@arkansteve hmmm that's not from us. promise.
@amlogan70 buried alive is totally different material.
@35sturgeonxo are you that dude from reddit? ahahaa, nope.
@35sturgeonxo are you that dude from reddit? ahahaa, nope.
@saltwaterpop i think it means you might be really bad at the internet, mine is at
like mike #fakedangerouslydelicioustorrents don't steal, buy it for $5 at
fyi: all torrents of my new standup special are fakes with jingle all the way in it. download it from me at
@poppykentucky yes! one of the big reasons i did this. international download? no problem.
thanks gq! @gqmagazine: we talked to @azizansari about his new comedy special:
@pioishandsome tink so dawg, we add more dough. got a real cool idea for where to do more
here's the link for my reddit ama, ask me stuff:
doing a reddit ama at 1030pst aka 130est. come ask stuff. it was really fun last time.
@therealdougdrew i'm just selling it directly from me for $5 on
@sarahyoung1119 it's two totally different sets of material. 0 overlap.
@iamkmfa email support@azizansari.com. not doing itunes cause if its direct through me, i can keep the price lower and actually get paid too.
@bigspanks email shawver.matthew@gmail.com, he'll send it over.
@devinclane forever
@morococo19 send that to support@azizansari.com and they'll help you asap.
@steveyknight gonna send to satellite radio too
sending an mp3 of some of dangerously delicious to radio stations, can you say handjob on the radio or do i need to bleep?
@kristin_hunt go to
nice! @marleighsea: @azizansari you are on my friend's menu at his parents' restaurant!!! it was his choice! 
@brikent master of none
@americopolk none of it is the same material! you'll get a completely different show.
@juniorvalero151 forever! paypal error - go to
@thekyleshow working on mobile version of site, use your computer for now if ya can bud
@juliajane10 go to
@sandipc west coast dates will be added in the fall
@davidshardlow yes
@crowthevok whoa whoa, easy. check ur email and link should be there. email support@azizansari.com if not. not trying to steal your $$.
@seanhighkin no it's all different material
@funk_e_fresh no just my site. its cheaper and you get it direct from me. do it -
@blackoutmakeout doing one tomorrow i think
obviously goes without saying, but thanks to my friend and hilarious person @louisck for figuring out the internet for us all.
@irunthepeg no. buy it direct from me at
@malcolmtosh no. buried alive is an entirely different set of material.
@nikhilkrb like a week ago? no this is my last tour. totally different material.
@jimmy_dwyer in every interview and everything? sorry only 140 characters in a tweet
if i could send everyone who bought my new standup special today tasty carne asada tacos for lunch, i would! thanks! #dangerouslydelicious
@bre_nix oh shit! i'll fix that typo.
@kieranthomas dude you can download it in england or anywhere! go to
@mcmurrayjt tour is all brand new stuff
@clever_mofo you can stream and download a few times. it's written on the site.
@samwelburn look in the bonus pack folder!
@ferro94 y'all get a shout out in the liner notes!
gonna randomly send cookies and flowers to some people that bought the special. sam neill did the same when i bought jurassic park on vhs.
thank you!!! @notexactlyblue: just supported my local @azizansari and bought his new $5 comedy special, #dangerouslydelicious
@mohairet yeah do a long story about helping him with his college essay. it's insane. he name checks cheddar bay biscuits red lobster.
@abellwillring @torchytaco @pqui @uchikoaustin nice! you found the food list!!
@galisays ha! so weird seeing the new stuff quoted. thanks for buying it.
@ad_lens yes i paid for it myself so direct to me.
@shezlak two completely different hours of material. come to the live show still plz
@nikki_koz there is no dvd, you just download it or stream it. click the button that says watch now!
yep. available worldwide!
@ameerjedi @wattznext no different material called buried alive.
@therealsidlee yes totally different
yes totally different material rt @wattznext is the #dangerouslydelicious special different than what you're current buried alive tour?
@wattznext yes totally different material
@fanch162001 not right now
@dpaintheyunggun are you watching it?? whooooooa!!!!
@notdavidthomas hahah true
@joepizzo shit! sorry dude, my asian friend that made the website is fixing now!
@boygeniusla la will be in the fall set of dates.
@joepizzo what's wrong?
@leonxchibi new tour is a different hour of material!
@jasontan seems people were into it, so seemed like the right move.
@scgav thanks bud
@metaldart hahahaha. wake those indian fools up!
@jayleemaruk thanks jaylee, is it all working properly? thanks again!
@jonnymcgarrigle sent your tweet to tech folks, hold tight, it'll get fixed.
@dom_aashton yes, sent your tweet to tech folks. it'll get fixed. sorry!!
@wince84 holy shit! thanks so much!!!
@taraceebee i sent it to the tech guys. hold tight.
@dj_rondon its $5 on my site ding dong, not $10 and it not on itunes.
yep. @mvoltaggio: @azizansari @ericwareheim and capt.woliner thanks for the most prestigious award of my career
@korypowell gimme a few hours i'll see what i can do
who's down with ting soda? stuff is so delicious. #nottryingtogetfreeting #notsayingidturnitdowneitherthough
that scramble announcer gets me fired up. "awesome!" "amaaazing!!" damn right it is.
yeah i already checked the mute button and made sure my volume was up y'all. and i tried reinstalling. btw harris kills it on scramble.
@neenz_1d come on now, i done checked the obvious stuff
new tour dates: atlantic city onsale now. added shows in nyc, sf, and seattle -onsale tomorrow at 10am. go here:
@shwicicle we added more. did those sell out? check
today's lesson: don't treat yo self in public.
@kirksays walter?
rip horses from luck. sad news. give a shout out to my homey lil' sebastian if you see him upstairs.
@kelbird24 nashville isn't sold out - go to
@snoopdogg thanks for saving me from falling down that hole in new orleans!!
fun show at upenn. again: zero stabbings. really digging the lack of violence at these shows.
was anyone else wondering why robocop 2 on hbo-z was dubbed in spanish last night? isn't that hbo-l territory...
what's your best spot to grab a cappuccino in new orleans?
#ff - @nick_offerman aka ron swanson. he is the nicest and funniest mustachioed man i know.
@erizk_vfs182 happy bday. #lazyshoutout
just found out i did not get the part of polar-walrus gorilla #2 in john carter. #wentcgirouteinstead
@bearisdriving sorry been focusing on saying funny things in standup/acting. you can read old tweets if you want or watch my standup online
ya herd?! @kentremendous: tonight -- last new #parksandrec til april. written by nick offerman! guest star sean hayes! 8:30/7:30, on nbc.
@djamen3000 we added a show. don't get a scalped ticket. go to
if you haven't watched the #stopkony video yet, here it is:
"apparently malice of clipse has officially changed his name to no malice." #classictxtfrommylittlebrotheraniz
.@grantland33 need a wire character bracket for the ones that didnt make the cut. where's love for zenobia? kenard? albert? baby elijah?
@velocir4ptor try the late show. just worked for me.
@rosannagalzote it'll be in the fall
@kristeenahbea i am in nyc and can't be there.
@sfrrrrrrr we will... we will...
new buried alive tour dates added in toronto, madison, royal oak, st. louis, boston, b-more, philly, sf & denver:
@happygrillmore will do. expect an announcement in the next few days.
@happygrillmore ugh that's stubhub man, fuck those scalpers. we'll probably add another show. don't pay that.
@leslyneutron got those too! good call.
best idea!! rt the @grantland33 tournament to determine the wire's greatest character:
president obama gives me a shoutout, calls me out on lack of twitter followers. unreal. watch:
@nativeam3rican i tried my best. all i could was set aside some tickets for presale with low fees but they sold out. sorry man.
@sal_jimenez @tyler_speed tickets were $39. the show sold out. that must be a scalped ticket. we'll add another one don't pay that scalper.
@tyler_speed that must be a scalped ticket. the show is sold out. we may add another one. tickets were not $79.
@sean_b_rooney check on
@hdavis419 @katie_c12 we added a third show
@brijacob oh no. so sorry to hear about your friend raymond. please send my condolences to everyone.
@kmparavani thats what i got! that media noche was so tasty.
@zachgoodalecool we adding more don't worry
@nouraaa i am!
@joeybigmouth you couldnt hook us wit a discount?
go support tim & eric! see their movie!! @ericwareheim: b$m theater list:
@kegsandeggs sorry dude i got as many as i could for fan presale (minimal fees) but they went fast. hard to work around them.
@ap_xo it sold out super fast. will add shows or come back soon i promise! looking at schedule now.
the monkees - porpoise song
@dro3030 @tdot82 i am. that date will be in the next batch of shows i announce. i love dc! taped new special at warner.
thanks so much for buying tickets to my tour. if you are in a city that sold out already, we'll probably add more shows soon.
@sollami24 ugh. i'm so sorry. gonna add shows. don't worry. will try to handle stubhub nonsense.
@tejie7 holy shit. that's insane. i am adding more shows and looking into putting a kibash on that. ugh.
he really said this in his speech. unreal. @questlove: potus to @azizansari: i got more twitter followers than you man!
@sdre12 yep.
@milad_604 we announced a vancouver date i thought? go to
@sabahlalalala i will! just gotta find time btw shooting parks and us touring.
@joemande jagged edge - where the party at
@nickcentofante rest assured i didn't create a fake presale to scam fans
@nickcentofante forwarded tweet to topspin. thinking tickets sold out while you had in cart and you won't be charged.
@ali_west no password on
@c8linog regular onsale friday 10am. link on same site.
@ayovinnie we'll
probably add an austin show later in the summer
@vic_bird no pw just go to
@stefoshea @kateprocyshyn @mattyhammers 10am on friday local time
@fowizzy regular tickets still avail friday 10am local time
@snapmusiclabel not sure. regular
onsale for beacon friday at 10. still tickets left
@quesowayso atl date coming soon
@genuary regular onsale friday at 10am though. you'll be fine
@nopantsjake regular onsale friday at 10 same site. sorry presale sold out fast
@jnglum go to my site. no pw.
@ast004 regular tickets will be onsale friday at 10. same site.
@webbielala presale tickets are gone but regular onsale begins friday.
@kiren_27 no password, just go to
@ahhlekz 10am local time. regular onsale friday.
@death_rowe3 sorry duder. presale must have sold out while you had in cart. regular onsale friday.
@pgpolli regular onsale is friday. more tickets there.
@webbielala hmmm there should be...
@iamdavidbrandt atl will be added later
@dpd76 no password, just go to
@wendy_aldridge i'll add a date there eventually i'm sure
@dtwiles88 sorry bud, i'll tweet dumb things about watching like mike on hbo soon, promise, just been swamped with work!
la: come to a benefit for justin's gift tonight at largo w/me, @chelseavperetti, @hannibalburess, @nickkroll. tickets:
@chelseavperetti hey can you get off twitter for like an hour or so?
@consigliere12 yes! i had so much fun at last one. will def come back.
also if you dont see your city listed on the buried alive tour dates, more cities will be added soon. lemme know where to add em!
update: presale for my buried alive standup tour starts wed 10am local time. dates here:
@spencerdph ugh scalpers!! don't pay those clowns. i will add shows or come back again soon. i love austin.
so honored that chubby me got to sing and play keyboard at the oscars tonight. #basingthisofftwittervillereports
wow! rt @variety more oscar stunting - the rock rides the red carpet on giant bumblebee from "journey 2"
@jonahhill did you really meet jason woliner tonight??
so sorry. will digitally alter the suit for every repeat now on "@dytdavis: @azizansari the brown suit again!? you wear it every time!
dunk idea: jump over waka flocka flame, who lights the ball on fire as you go over him.
shoutout to e720 fam roy hibbert gettin jumped over. #jeanralphioandithereinspirit
oh my god!!! diddy integrated into the dunk!!! 10.0 already!!
they should get dokes to do the ford explorer vos and batista to do subarus. #ilikedextercharactersdoingvoforsuvads
this kansas game features the highest concentration of white people in blue t-shirts i have ever seen.
holy shit! kansas just put in jeremy lin!! don't know how or why but this game is awesome!!! #linsanity
la: i'm doing a benefit at largo on tuesday w/@chelseavperetti, @hannibalburess, @nickkroll, & more. tickets:
@danlevy i grow up to be a loser!!!!
austin: presale for my austin shows on 4/25 starts now. go here for tickets:
eastbound & down is back tonight at 10! watch it! #didntgetpaidtotweetthatbuthbocanigetgameofthronesdvdsormaybeorakhaldragothingforchelsea
"i'm not white i look closer to a mexican person!" - just shouted at @twittels in our "writers meeting"
@livestrongcat7 yeah but chink is a racial slur and they are writing about an asian dude. maybe a different phrase woulda been better brah?
what if the writer of the espn story was also asian & a rising star? new headline: "chink in the armor of 'chink in the armor' writer."
trying to think of a more racist sounding lin headline than "chink in the armor"... can't. kinda cool they used the most racist one.
getting weirdly psyched for the "chink in the armor" espn headline apology tour!
a new parks and rec tonight has @louisck and tom romancing ann perkins. watch it at 830/730c. it's funny.
new paul rudd! (funk flex voice) rt @juddapatow: paul rudd talks dirty
harris. has. spoken. linsanity has reached its apex. @harrisrules13: jeremy lin is the man.
@snowboarder2313 dude i did another. it'll be out in march. touring 3rd hour in spring.
did anyone else wake up this valentine's day & send a mass text to find standup spots? #standupismyonlytruelove
rt @nytimes stream sleigh bells new album, reign of terror
@highbrowshit @residented9 march! promise. figuring it all out.
@ptailorpatel next el bulli menu. hot dougs lunch. now listening to waka flocka and heading back to la. i am becoming a parody of myself.
dude on this flight to chicago is so allergic to peanuts, they announced people in a 4 row radius not allowed to fuck wit peanuts.
boom. rt @therock: @azizansari @jlin7 hell yeah aziz. i need new meat to hunt down. we all fight to the death to end the movie. #wholives?
@noreservations hurry tony! before the meatballs are gone!!! catfish sammy at matt's in the market is dope too btw.
@420kingspade_ @jlin7 calvin cambridge only played a few games too dog. chill out.
jeremy lin (@jlin7). wow. the last time a new player has killed it this hard was calvin cambridge in like mike.
just heard back from my agent did not get the part of "little boy that sings the star spangled banner" in the dark knight rises.
doesn't the winter coat bane wears in the dark knight rises look pretty cozy? #cozynotagoodvibeforasupervillaindough
wonder if the patriots lack of focus has anything to do with hitch being on tbs.
that was a great interception but i bet blackburn woulda rather caught one of these tasty donuts.
landry clarke nails the field goal! #sadglancetotyrainthestadium
wow! #talkingboutdisfoodnotthetouchdown
wow. this has been the most delicious super bowl ever. #cleareyesfulltummiescantlose
"if the jets didn't cut him that touchdown would have never happened." #suggestingthingstosaytopeoplewhoknownothingaboutfootball
whoa someone just yelled "interception" and i thought they yelled "inception." that would make football way better. #touchdownmrcobb
holy moly. this game just got really interesting. #foodwise
it's still a one possession game. #somethingsomedudenearmejustsaid#soundedsmart
wuh oh. vince's dad also ejected for being too drunk. dude was screaming about pie on his way out. hope vince is ok. #fridaynightlights
buddy garrity spotted taking down chicken fingers at the 40 yard line. #fridaynightlightssuperbowlcommentary
really psyched for the crucifictorious half time show. #onlyfootballiknowisfridaynightlights
oh shit the patriots just put in ray "voodoo" tatum. saracen is gonna have to really buckle down. #fridaynightlightssuperbowlcommentary
i know nothing about football, so i pretend all the players are from friday night lights. "leggo smash williams!! toss it to riggins!!"
is pitbull performing at the half time show of the puppy bowl? #imreallysorrybutihadto
animal planet??? i thought i was going to be doing commentary during the game this year!!?? please 2013. let's not drop the ball.
does everyone realize 2chainz sounds exactly like @hannibalburess???!!
@donaldglover what about 'crayola'? you down wit 'woo goo'?
@katsayskill presale tickets sold out. regular tickets still available on livenation link i tweeted
@kristinececilia tickets onsale still on the livenation link i just tweeted
@cubarican87 the no fee ones are gone. but regular ones still avail on the livenation link i just tweeted.
miami. sorry those no fee tickets are now gone. regular tickets still avail here:
sorry. miami: tickets. no fees:
miami: im doing a show on 3/3 somewhere in miami. ltd # of tickets with no shitty fees on sale at 10am here:
one of the funniest shows - delocated - is back tonight at midnight on adult swim. watch!! here's a preview:
@erichoffmaster i dunno just buy my single tickets on 2/23 or google around for info sir
i'll be at @moontowercomedy festival in austin. badges for the fest avail here:
no checkin luggage. only carryons. no liquids over 3.5 oz. slipons. boarding pass on my phone. #whatchuknowboutmyexperttravelaswag
@chethaze what tracks you go with on that list
@toddbarry @jwoliner yeah alls well. he fell asleep while eating a package of ben & jerry's and it melted on his belly & broke his phone.
lil cousin harris trying to get free chobani yogurts through twitter. follow him at @harrisrules13 for updates. #getharrisfreechobani
"ooooh taco bell breakfast menu" (in a hushed whisper) - @jwoliner during our "writers meeting" #woliobeggingmenottotweetthis
if you haven't yet, definitely check out the truly amazing todd glass episode of marc maron's @wtfpod. do it:
do it folks! @mulaney: my comedy central special "new in town" premiers tonight at 10/9c. i hope you watch it. love, john mulaney.
#hurtfingies #youllunderstandinafewhourswestcoast
tonight's parks and rec is new at 830/730c on nbc. ron swanson and tom haverford go bowling. watch!
someone near the parks set is blasting missy elliott's "get ur freak on." i don't know what's going on. but i approve. #hollaaaaaaa
@jlaesch hahaha true!
@tanya10312000 family matters
like how the dj at lakers games drops "move bitch" by luda after blocks are called.
oh fuck! think i'm allergic to peaches. when i eat one, my throat gets itchy. #thissucks #ilikepeaches #mayjustputupwitdaitchythroat
@kissmysthrnsass i plan on doing athens
i added six more small shows in charleston, sc to benefit my old high school. tickets here:
salt lake city ppl: i'm doing three shows at wiseguys this sunday to work on new jokes. tickets here:
along w/@trent_reznor @thelonelyisland @neilhimself, i am taking action against sopa. to help out:
i'm doing a standup show to benefit my old high school on 2/3 in charleston, sc. tickets on sale now:
martinelli's apple juice. #wasnotpaidtotweetthat #justdrankamartinellis #itwasdelicious #notsayingimopposedtogettingfreemartinellisthough
@hannibalburess just drank a delicious tiny bottle of martinelli's. how's this apple juice so much better than other apple juices?
i love this:
the only two people still rocking a chain wallet over the age of 25: @danlevy and johnny depp. #goldenglobes
get off me sahn! #kobesystem:
follow friday: @lcdsoundsystem, @jwoliner, @twittels, @chelseavperetti, @danlevy, @rickysfishtacos (only relevant for la fam)
@stevestoute prestige!!!! it's dope. don't doubt me steve.
parks and rec is new tonight at 830/730c and funny. watch it! #sorryforlatenoticeeastcoast
lcd soundsystem: shut up and play the hits trailer:
subscribe to my new youtube channel! clips from my standup, human giant, parks, & more:
@gregbresnitz ricky's fish tacos and guisados
@jadoreheights soon! almost done editing and doing graphics and shit. its better than intimate moments. doing a new tour later this yr too
person: that restaurant is delicious, but i'd rather go somewhere closer. me: go alone and eat shitty food. bye #hypotheticalazizconvo
person: "my friend didn't like inception." me: "i hate you and your friend. go away." #hypotheticalazizconvo
fyi i'm on a flight to la and bored as shit so ya feeds bout to get fucked sahn.
hey can i do something in fast 5/6? how come that indian dude in inception and the dude in mi4 get all those type parts.
if you are in nyc, go see daniel kitson's show at st ann's warehouse. i really enjoyed it.
kobe bryant's standup is ridic:
every time i see an ad for showtimes house of lies, i like to pretend jean ralphio somehow became an actor. (no offense @rejectedjokes)
props to the whole foods artist who drew this.
@toddbarry hey @jwoliner that guy who you do home audio/video set up for started doing standup apparently
@bigcountrybessa soon! shot and edited dangerously delicious special. also wrote material for a new live tour for 2012.
energy sheets are gonna be banned in 3 months tops. its insane. makes you feel like a skrillex remix has been done to your body.
havent slept in 2 days. watched all of meet the parents on bravo this morning & something called vh1's 40 greatest falls. #sheettalk
@amtendler what if he took you to a crucifixtarious concert after?
@chelseavperetti in the words @n666zy, "chillin in comfy worlds."
ummm... stop everything. watch big quinn on "crew love" by drake:
anyone needing a good serial killer outfit for next year's holiday season, contact this santa i met in india:
did i just fly to india? didn't notice, slept through both flights like a fucking champ. #experttraveler #whydibringsomanydvds
dude goes in on "n- in paris" in the subway:
whew. made it home safe. #wolfattacklivetweetover
if i called 911, would a cop escort me to my house? anyone know?
@beanmaru:i had a coyote run past me one night.  he just looked as he ran by.  i just stared back.  no problems. u serious?!
oh fuck! dude walking by! just yelled "yo man, there's wolves up there!" he shook his head and kept walking. #noscreamsyet #coastclear?
for serious, what should i do if these coyotes roll up?? i'm hiding in my backseat. #wenttograbmystuffsawawolfdovebackintheback
y'all quit making fun of me. i'm
about to go down in a wolf attack. all your sassy tweets will seem insensitive after my attack.
la people - these wolves or coyotes that come down late at night, do they eat people?? having way too many close calls!!
@raaaaaaaandy14 haaaaaaaapy birthdaaaaaaaay!
@sahrasahara  happy birthday!
@jonahhill: "true life: i have a hot mom" is easily my favorite true life. agreed.
@juddapatow that's a dope shirt.
"imagine if you had burgers for hands!!" - actual txt i just received during a convo about burgers #fatsolife
@soulimperial @ucbtheatreny its at ucb east not ucb theatre in chelsea...
hey if you're in ny & want delicious food, go eat at masten lake! god damn that was good. #reminiscingabouttastyfood
hey if you're in ny & want delicious food, go eat at masten lake! god damn that was good. #reminiscingabouttastyfood
yes! @bobsburgersfox: . @azizansari & #nickofferman are set to guest-voice in #bobsburgers second season! more info:
@thomasdupree the vietnamese there is ridic. go to les givral's.
#thatshowitsdonesondance! rt @thebiglead reportedly this is what aaron rodgers just did when he got to the locker room:
a movie i did, @30minutesorless, is now out on blu-ray, dvd, itunes, etc. deleted scenes? outtakes? oh yeah! grab it. rt pls
essential reading! @rejectedjokes: gq presents - jean-ralphio's guide to modern manhood-
rip patrice o'neal:
damn. even hitch can't mess with gosling. #hopealbertbrennemanandallegracolestillgoingstrong
this piece is the pope getting hit by a meteor.
the cattelan exhibit at the guggenheim is amazing.
look i be riding through my old  but i'm in my new . same ol attitude but i'm on that new ! - @meekmill #sorrynonemojifam
@bsloman haha not bad!
smh rt @n666zy "raps not that difficult. you just have to remember the words." - my dad with the most relevant hip hop criticism of the year
wow. @chelseavperetti just sent me this photo from her thanksgiving. a must see.
@dtworr of course. happy thanksgiving daniel!
@chelseavperetti if the party's where you're at then let me know. #uhooooooooooooh
dad just asked me "what's going on with justin bieber? he is in the news a lot." #ansarifamilysmalltalk
.@n666zy & i bout to get a meek mill heavy playlist popping off at this indian thanksgiving. #welcometomyhouseparty
happy thanksgiving! to all my fellow comedians, hope your family doesn't request a "quick standup show" or impromptu "roast."
@josephfdimatteo you been to benu? heard that's ridic
@danlevy why am i not stunned you got roped into pogs
@josephfdimatteo sandwiches? fundamentals is a new place people keep talking about. i went once it was real good.
"album is done pitbull. what we callin it?" "hmm... what about planet pit." "love it!" #convosthatledtopitbullalbumtitles
@mollyjoest ok
aubrey txted me to rt, hope it not racist rt @evilhag podcast interview i did with daddy reynolds & brian finkelfuck!
@andrewmcmahan happy birthday!!! (per @davidcho)
"before you go to bed, have 2 cecina tacos from tacos morelos." #thingsiwouldsayifiwasanutritionistthatjustfocusedontastiness
@plinytheleast jia jia is in shanghai! i go to din tai fung in la.
damn. if you ever find yourself in shanghai, please get soup dumplings at jia jia tang bao. #tasteflashbacks #topbitesof2010
can someone bring me some soup dumplings thx #missyoujiajiatangbao #nichetweetforthesoupdumpingheads
@blissfulj whoa i had it in vancouver. we need vij's here!
@benkrugs i'm a huge torrisi fan. i was taking them meatball parms down at torrisi during testing phase!!!
@muddymudskipper i like that shack. been more into commodore lately dough
@dbeatsbeets you gotta go get the meatball parm at parm. #realtalk
nyc!!!!! so happy to be back for a bit. blasting meek mill - ima boss while i unpack. #gettingsettledlikeabawse
@s_maniscalco @nealbrennan are you at ross dress for less??
@davidchang @noreservations you guys gonna go to jiro???
@noreservations best friends? #lies
@noreservations chang is in tokyo without me??? whaaaat? can i meet you guys for thanksgiving dinner at toriki?
@noreservations please tell me you are going to sushi sawada. you must go. ask chang about it.
@asl09 technically because of taavon
rt "@diplo: aziz ansari jus introduced me to justin timberlake as his manager david goldstein and left me #gqparty" cry me a river
new parks and rec on tonight at 830! east coast go watch the last 6 minutes. #sorryiwaslateonthat
ucla ppl plz go! @iam_lizzyfierce: @azizansari i'm running a bone marrow drive for @superamit at ucla on 11/21:
.@peoplemag named me one of the sexiest men alive, watch a video of me describing my perfect date:
@pgibso i hope he comes back, dude killed it!
@kingofcupsmgmt #geekthrowback
"thirty five years from now, you sent me to be your protector, in this time." #t800linesyoucanuseontheladies
"i know now why you cry, but it is something i can never do." #t800linesyoucanuseontheladies
would be kind of cool if you could pay robert patrick to dress up like t-1000 and chase you for a few days #watchingt2onhbo
"just got a huge scheduling boner" - hbo programmer theorizing about airing t2, jingle all the way, & kindergarten cop in same block
bobby budnick cameo in t2 is so dope. if you look close, donkey lips is in the arcade too. #notreally #fakeeasteregg
getting an in person recap of all of @chelseavperetti's twitter activity. #greathang #killme
@n666zy tears for fears or 808s?
yes! rt @ericwareheim t & e & the simpsons tonight.
@chelseavperetti yo im waiting to get lunch. tweet ya funnies later plz rt pls
if you do it again, i'm gonna freak out:
@joelwrig read the feed ding dong, does it look like a real feed for a movie's promotional account??
@kylejuliff you should read that twitter feed...
@n666zy @spotify did i do that
wow. nba is back on? can't believe this new player 10 year old kid calvin cambridge tho:
@james_d_allen happy bday #done
there's a new parks and rec tonight at 830 on nbc. why don't you watch it? it's entertaining! #parksandrec
very clever tweet for those familiar with the plot of disney's "the kid." rt @jwoliner @azizansari he's bruce willis now.
cousin harris goin h..a.m at throne msg show! heard they might do new jam called n*ggas n' harris. #sorryforsomanythronetweets #noimnot
dudes in the bathroom blazing. "what's that smell? oh i'm just boiling some agua!" #throneflight #bestflightbacktolaever
"prince williams aint do it right if you ask me cause i was him i woulda" - capn "married kate and ashley!" - whole cabin #throneflight
"racks on racks on racks! (luggage)" - flight attendant #throneflight #bestflightbacktolaever
everyone on flight yelled "can't ya see the american airlines jets flying over you!" #otis #throneflight #bestflighttolaever
people popping bottles of ace & tiny bags of peanuts everywhere!!  #throneflight #bestflightbacktolaever
capn to angry passengers - "y'all weed purple, my money purple, y'all steve urkel, i'm oprah's circle!" #throneflight #bestflightolaever
we blasting "who gon stop me." people grabbing duffle bags, "black strap you know whats for!" #throneflight #bestflightbacktolaever
several passengers at cockpit. upset. oh shit. cap'n goes "who gon stop me huh?!" #throneflight #bestflightbacktolaever
flight attendant grabbing hung up coats "is that jacket margiela?" #throneflight #bestflightbacktolaever
some dude asked us to quiet down, flight attendant throws fish filet him on on the filet line! #throneflight #bestflightbacktolaever
whole plane chanting "that shit cra!" "that shit cra!" flight attendants pulling out bottles of ace! make it 2!! #bestflightbacktolaever
we just threw the throne on on the intercom!!! whole cabin is goin gorillas!! whaaaaaaaaaaatttttttt!!!
"folks this is your captain speaking, air traffic control is diverting our course... we're about to head to paris...."
oh man. just spoke to the captain of the flight. he's down to do this...
go to this also! @hannibalburess: i'm taping an hour special for comedy central next month.  go here for free tickets:
go to this! @toddbarry: i'm taping a 1 hour @comedycentral special in new york city on dec. 1st. free tickets here:
@a_gaw thats my friend hitch. i met him through my friend albert brenneman.
"get on tootle st, then make a left onto boo boo lane. my house is on the corner." - directions i would one day like to leave
@puerto_ricaaaaa #acknowledged #happybirthday
just wanted to mention, that old john tesh nba on nbc theme was fucking awesome. #dundundennenamnananaaa
damn hbo. you were doing good w/inception & coming to america, but now like mike's back in heavy rotation?! #watcheditoncewontlie
wow. @ew made the ultimate compilation of tom haverford hitting on women:
new parks and rec tonight at 830 on nbc. tom and jean ralphio throw the best party of all time! watch it.
@thesussmans highlights??
.@fucktyler's original mc name was cool dr. money. #fakerumorsinvolving90snickshows
@walthpants you steal me space alfies??!
@jaycizzle "what happened?" "i got hit."
@chasethegr8 you rocking space alfies or what?
@bdamis1 look at all those dollar signs!!!
if anyone else is sick & needs something to watch while resting, fyi all the my brother & me eps are on youtube. #goopunch
@djshankyswag next year
@wintercheck does baby gracie bell become a zombie den
.@mindykaling's book is out today. i would be stunned if this is not hilarious. check it out:
@vdreporting usually play lcd soundsystem's this is happening for the preshow music.
those doubting little drummer boy: keep in mind @busabusss rhymes "twitter followers" with "happy hannukah."
@tknone1030 happy birthday!!!! #doneanddone
@iiaspire oh shit, sorry east coast homey.
listen to jonah and watch this america! rt @jonahhill watch allen gregory tonight at 8:30/7:30c on fox! (0 days til #allengregory)
just walked into first spot and a bar band was playing the inspector gadget theme song. not lying. #mainegoinin
ball so ha - what? bars close at one??? #n*ggasstuckinmaine #rejectedthronetrack
maine is popping off!!! #notreallyjustreadingaboutthroneshowinatlonline #smh
@virgilabloh whaaaaaatttttttt??? #thronesharks
@jesaisquoi @joemande
@pinetreemacnchz oh shit! sorry y'all gotta be outside. it is a bit chilly here in orono.
@kadmore happy birthday shoutout #done
warning @justingignac bringing in crazy swag this halloween with his e720 costume:
@lukeslobster going to maine tomorrow, where should we get lobster rolls???
help @superamit beat leukemia. swab your cheek, possibly save a life. he needs your kit by 11/30. more here:
@danlevy #chainwallet
doing a show at duke tonight with @joemande. where's the best lunch move here? #sorryifthisisirrelevanttoyou
btw if i have to quit being an actor, i want to have a job where i can say "what do i at the company? oh, i'm in charge of flavors."
damn 100+ rts on that sweet onion kettle chips comment. @kettlechips, the people have spoken. #letsgetthatdudeinchargeofflavors
hey @kettlechips promote dude who came up w/sweet onion flavor & let him head up the flavors dept plz #dudeknowswsupwithflavors
@jesuswillttyl so its only ok to joke about races and lifestyles you're not affiliated with. that makes sense.
@chelseavperetti @kettlechips #sweetonionkettlechips 'licious.
@chelseavperetti wuh bout a lil greek yogurt with honey n' nanas? #tastysnack
@jonmraz14 don't know if that's a laughable mistake...
doing a show at university of ohio tonight. any really good places to eat in athens oh? #sorryifthisisirrelevanttoyou
hbo: know this kinda contradicts the swat comment, but am into the heavy rotation of face/off. what y'all think? #ooohweeeeyougoodlooking
@simontologist john amos rules.
hbo programming: please promote the person that chose to air coming to america all the time though, for real. #justletyoursoulglo
hbo programming mtg: "ok need a random movie to air nonstop for a few weeks." "what about s.w.a.t.?" "that works, good job tim."
@nycifyouare i'm sorry to hear that, definitely get out there and... treat. yo. self.
@jaishberish nah never seen natty treas.
@zimathebuzz finally someone understands the gravity of the situation!
if your life feels boring, listen to "mombasa" from inception & it'll seem like big shit is bout to go down:
@kbosahan dude fast 5 is good. you seen it?
dude next to me on my flight almost stopped watching fast 5 at credits, luckily i informed him about post-credits scene. #gooddeedfortheday
@treatyoselfday i'm treating myself to a hot fudge sundae as i type this. #treatyoself
@kevkus all good man. next time, i'll yell kevin back if a white dude yells aziz at me.
need a wheelchair with a bell on it. #hectorsalamancahalloweencostume #alsoneedadatetobeladyatcasatranquilathatspellsstuffforhim
tonight's parks & rec is one of the best. why? cause it's treat yo self day. here's a preview:
i am doing an ama for reddit. you can ask me stuff and i'll answer! go here at 5pm pst:
@kentremendous exactly! #nocluewhatthewhyisreferringto
@husch11 the key is those leopard print stubs and wootens! and make a nice 720 chain too.
"oh fuck!!! whaaaat!!? oh shit!!! he fucking... wait... oh fucccccckkkk!!!" - me watching the breaking bad finale #youknowthescene
halloween horror nights!!! fun times. although not sure the maze based on "its complicated" was that scary.
@wintercheck hay whos dat
@samwiewel happy 21st bday! #hopethatcoversit
@rickysfishtacos ricky nooooooooo! #justkidding #alreadytookdowntacosearlier #theyweredelicious
@secretskull i want to go but its so far! looks delicious though.
@bunnyrocket whoa. that strawberry donut looks amazing. what should i order?
@andrew_i_ i said #fatsolife. if you knew how delicious this donut was...
what's your favorite donut in la? i need an alternative. this place & their delicious green tea donut has let me down too many times. smh.
furious this coffee place i like doesn't have this amazing donut ready. "maybe 30 minutes?" 30 mins? i need this donut now. #fatsolife
south asians, lets help @superamit beat leukemia. swab your cheek, mail it in, possibly save a life. easy:
i live for info like this! rt @davidcho things i learn from my car display... ced the entertainer is a featured on nelly "ride wit me"
well said the onion. #ripstevejobs rt @theonion last american who knew what the fuck he was doing dies
@apdirtybird i am my media people. #probablywhyitsnotonpointsometimes
parks & rec new tonight at 830 on nbc w/a great ben/tom story. watch! also enjoy a ron swanson illustration:
@oliviawilde in shanghai they had blueberry lays. not super tasty to be honest.
irvine: i'm performing at the irvine improv with @nealbrennan this saturday. 3 shows. tickets here:
@younggonzocook happy 16th birthday! #thereyougo
@brittvadebonco if parks ever wins an emmy or similar award, nick and i decided he will scoop me up as we walk to the stage.
@kentremendous reading your tweets is great way to consistently confirm i don't know shit about sports.
@kingz2309 happy birthday!!!!!
tonight's parks & rec is all new plus jean ralphio, tammy 1, & tammy 0. watch tonight at 830. #parkssohardmotherfuckerswannafineme
"oh boy, they're saying this older asian mans bag is too big. he's gonna have to check it. truly embarrassing. another easy win for aziz."
"now, who'll fall asleep first on the flight. oh my god. boarding not even over, ansari has his eyemask on! he's already asleep! game over!"
"watch how swiftly ansari puts his laptop back in his bag. and wow! the ipod is on, he's listening to tunes, he's out of there!!"
"wow. older asian traveler didn't wear slipon shoes. but who did? world champion expert traveler aziz ansari!" #iftherewereanannounceratlax
wish there was a competitive league for expert travelers. just crushed it at lax security. made that older asian couple look slow as shit.
@eastsidebitesla food club captain fool!!! me, @jwoliner, and @ericwareheim.
@nafeesaa dude i need to get on them cheeseburgers at husk. how are they???
@action_nerd what city you in? la - ricky's. ny - tacombi. dunzo.
@kaitlyneb high metabolism boo boo.
rt @n666zy can rappers write making it rain off as a tax write off? if not this should definitely be a thing.
scene from drive 2: taco driver starring me. guy brings me cecinas from tacos morelos. forgets crema & limes. boot stomp to the face.
fyi i'm avail as a driver like dude in drive, but just for tacos. i give you a 5 min window. you go get tacos. i get 3 of them.
@chelseavperetti cant wait to hear about these new clips over a future brunch #cpgotobrunchconvos
fyi twitterville, the @chelseavperetti/@azizansari drowsy allergy medicine convo about has left twitter & went to email. updates soon.
@chelseavperetti they make me drowsy. #realtalk #allergymedtalk
nevermind turned 20 last saturday. my favorite track - drain you. here it is live at reading:
@psharrz #noticed
@amyfakh @actuallynph @alisonbrie @amandabynes @billcosby @brunomars @beyonce @corymonteith @conanobrien sure! happy bday! #whereuatbruno
@uchikoaustin thank you for amazing sushi. #reallymissthatwatermelonandtoro
rt @n666zy: man i fuck with mozzarella sticks, but the mozzarella cheese stick sandwich at denny's is taking it too far. you crazy dennys!
"dude, found an amazing donut downtown that we have to get asap. been thinkin about it a lot." #justsentthatemail #fatsolife
@rickysfishtacos ricky i need to try these lobster tacos!! they gonna be around later this week? maybe wednesday? i miss your tacos.
@abellwillring fake spoiler foooooool!
@nolovenc its a fake spoiler bing bong!
@heidithinks wow. makes a strong case for martinelli's to give me a bunch of free apple juice.
@marymkeane i'm sure i wasn't rude to your friends. it was probably a different bearded indian man.
@maximamirian hey bing bong, the hash tage is #fakebbadspoiler
@jackmoved its fake
wow. gus killed off hector w poisoned fried chicken! "lets just say this recipe redefines the term el pollo loco." #fakebbadspoilers
breaking bad. holy shit. so intense i almost spit out my martinelli's apple juice. #iwasnotpaidbymartinellisoramcforthattweet
gotta love @juddapatow live tweeting abduction. follow that man!
ball so hard motherfuckers wanna fine me! #talkinboutstreetcleaningparkingtickets
@draconian3logy maybe i was running late to do a set or didn't say hi because i didn't see hear you? #thxforkeepingme@repliedondouchealerts
@kaitlyneb go to these spots: uchiko, torchy's tacos, franklin bbq.
watch parks and rec season 4 tonight at 830 on nbc and meet the new tom haverford aka master of swagamonies. #parksandrec rt pls
@n666zy send out a missing person's report too, because you're missing a biscuit.
@alyssafr maybe i didn't hear you? or maybe i wasn't at disneyland and that was just another indian guy with a beard? #youbrokemyheartboo
@esshortie happy birthday!!! have a good one boo boo.
@parotweets i miss torchy's!!! get some queso too please.
@tonygbizznitch
@jhngrttn i like tacos morelos on 2nd and a, get the cecina with crema. also fish tacos at tacombi on elizabeth are good.
@risinoutlaw23 none of this clip on shit neither!! this is the real deal.
@hassankhan she was talking about the indian dude on that other sitcom.
need to get more friends that are hungry at the same time i am. what the fuck. #howcomenoonewantstacos #stepitupfriends
@noreservations when it opens, you  gotta try that meatball parm at parm, torissi guys new spot.
@wintercheck @twittersuggests @jimgibboney @harrisrules13 whats the big idea.
oh shit. all this rocky iv reminded me its time to listen to "no easy way out" and go h.a.m.! go:
love the random robot in rocky iv. wish more movies did that, "oh btw fully artificially intelligent robots are chilling in this reality."
yes, agree on #imustbreakyou. #ificanchange&youcanchangeeverybodycanchange #seenrocky4waytoomanytimes
stunned that #rockyiv is trending but #youwilllose is not. #smh #drago
@henryhauckjr i recorded a new one and am writing the 3rd hour. i dunno when i'm putting out the second one yet, next year tbd.
i'm doing a set at the improv in la  tonight to work on some new material. you can get tickets here --&gt;
i'm in!! where you at @nytimes? rt @michaelendelman nominating @azizansari for new @nytimes restaurant critic gig.
@themichaelestry i don't care about what you want me to say
more food! read about my trip to momofuku noodle bar with @amtendler here:
@n666zy what are you talking about man?
@jeffschroeder off top of my head - schwa, frontera grill, xoco. whistler for cocktails.
@feelinminnesota off the top of my head - schwa, frontera grill, xoco. also like the whistler for cocktails.
@dlottmusic that turkey sandwich is nuts. wait til you try that meatball one they are doing at parm though, ridic.
like tasty food? read about my trip to torrisi, one of my top spots in ny:
@dfntly hahahah! true. go youtube the slipnutz (amazing conan bit) if you are awake and bored.
@ceddyf11 happy birthday! now where them throne food remixes??!!
if i told you i was in the jabawockeez, would you know if i was lying? how? #maybeiamajabawockee
@augie825 you too homey. #weallgoodnow #nextyearletsnotslip
@augie825 where were you at feb 23rd bro? #mybirthday #answerisnotinaplacewhereyouwishedmyhappybday
@chelseavperetti @nickkroll heard this statement live and now i get to read it on twitter. #crazytimeswein #meanestcutie
"maybe i'll just go do laundry" - @chelseavperetti makes a sad statement on the company of myself & @nickkroll #postbrunchhangnotgoingwell
@srod_pr who you think you talking too? pabellon and de pollo (paisa instead of cheddar) with a passionfruit juice. #doneanddone
food ppl - also went to @lukeslobster to have my favorite lobster roll in ny:
@wayneayers dude i love dairy dream!!! awesome burgers, chicken fingers, and more.
if you like food, read about my delicious trip to roberta's in brooklyn for @amtendler's food & fashion project:
@ceddyf11 holy shit! i been meaning to tell you you need to do all of watch the throne. can't wait.
@alanmyang @chelseavperetti @ericwareheim that was yesterday. today? just barely got some great pastor tacos at the el chato truck just now.
update: @alanmyang has responded. no word from @chelseavperetti. #nicetoknowwhomyrealfriendsare
@graigadler if i was in ny? yep.
just mass texted @alanmyang and @chelseavperetti "where should i eat?" neither has responded yet. #smh
btw don iledio (steven bauer) deserves an emmy for best actor in a drama describing the taste of fictional fried chicken. #scenemademehungry
i'm not that lazy. giancarlo esposito. well done. #iamthatlazybutdudedeservesseriousprops
holy shit. the actor that plays gus fring was amazing on breaking bad this week. #toolazytolookhisnameup #thatsreallyfuckinglazy
rt @parksandrecnbc #parksandrec season 3 dvd out today. order here & get a pawnee seal paperweight/bottle opener free!
@danlevy hahahahahahahahahh! i'll be at lax at 8pm if ya wanna hang at the admiral's club.
@danlevy just cause of this tweet, i am now gonna read the counting crows wikipedia page.
@biggayicecream it was so tasty! will come back again soon.
@thesussmans btw i gotta try mile end soon. i loved wilensky's in montreal. that bread is unreal.
@thesussmans it was fantastic! my top 4 sammies... hmmm... i love that meatball parm that the torissi guys are going to do at parm.
scott caan undergoes a strange experiment where his body is fused with that of a former bush cabinet member in... caandeleeza rice. #caantv
scott caan gives us his take on today's world events. cnn presents caantemplations. #caantv
astronauts discover a planet filled with aliens... that look like scott caan. close encounters of the third caand. summer 2012. #caantv
rt @forreelblog in a new scifi thriller scott caan thinks he's alone in space, that is until he makes...*dramatic music*...caantact. #caantv
rt @iamvonstroheim scott caan plays los angeles surgeon who specializes in delivering bad news "my caandolonces". #caantv
scott caan is involved in a brutal hit & run & has to deal with the caansequences. catch guilty caanscious this fall on fx. #caantv
scott caan quits acting to become a prosecuting attorney. truth and caansequences premieres this fall on tnt. #caantv
thought of a new reality show where scott caan quits acting to become a novelist. title? prose & caans. #caantv
@jacobsoboroff had to film on parks! argggghh.
@juddapatow @nastymcnast wsup fuck buddy? (i think)
@chethaze me and @chelseavperetti down to meet up at any ruth's chris on the west coast. #letusknow #dmtalk
@baucesauce personally, i love the part when he's confused, then starts taking credit like crazy. (right til it cuts to the stewardess clap)
thank you sir! rt @j_rich @azizansari here's the bread. bit.ly/qi19o0
@jrobb25 when he walked in and made that "hoooo!" noise it was great. dude is the best.
@mattypoop that was dope too.
can someone make a gif of ld taking credit for knocking down the guy on the plane in curb? #gifrequest #curbsbeenawesomethisseason
#watchthethronecomics maybe my favorite one:
#watchthethronecomics 
@virgilabloh not as good as maybach to del taco #yeahthathappened
the fourth in my series of #watchthethronecomics. 
"no? really? your baby have some important shit to do this morning? oh wait. no it doesn't. it's a stupid fucking baby." #realtalk
oh fuck me. a second baby just rolled up on this flight. #zerodonuts
if you bring a baby on a plane, you should be required to bring everyone on the flight donuts. #causebabiesdontshutthefuckuponflights
@mindykaling #fellowcountdownfan
since adopting a "who gon stop me" ringtone, when my phone rings, i just start going ham & all my calls go to vm. #throneproblems
@johnquad hahaha dude, i made one like this but your picture is way more hilarious. #thronerespect
@johnquad hahaha dude, i made one like this but your picture is way more hilarious. #thronerespect
in between shooting parks today, i've decided to make #watchthethronecomics. 
my hilarious friend @danlevy just released his new standup cd! buy it here:
jackie chan plays a chauffeur that puts on a tuxedo that turns him into a superspy. it's called the tuxedo. yep. this movie exists.
@joshuamazement shaking my head
might start working at a seafood restaurant just so i can constantly ask the waitstaff "what she order? fish filet?" #watchthethrone
@andrew_nollan son of a gun!
god damn it. that missing girl thing i rt'd is a fake thing! don't rt it. who the fuck does that shit. smh.
@asbraner thanks bud. i hope you enjoy it!
about to do npr, last time got terry gross to say "tatties," can i get the host to say "n*ggas in paris" this time??! any other ideas?
caterer: turkey or roast beef sandwich? jay z: you got any peanut butter & jelly up in there? #ask30mins #neverthoughtidhearjayzask4apbandj
re: otis questions. multipart answer. yes crazy fun. best part was when a catering dude came to set with a plate of sandwiches... #ask30mins
nah he's more into suits and franklin and bash @jaxwing is harris upset that men of a certain age was cancelled #tntknowsdrama #ask30mins
scroll that shit down and hush fools. rt @randompeople why you messing up my feed with this q and a? #ask30mins
chocolate sunset rt @leo_rollo what color would you say your skin is? #ask30mins
re: standup questions, working on new material for a new tour. recorded second speical which will be out prob 2012. #ask30mins
too early to say!! you? rt @navjeetbajwa whats your favourite song off of watch the throne? #ask30mins
not sure, taped it a few weeks ago. editing soon! rt @briandiezel whens the new tour come out on dvd? #ask30mins
la taqueria rt @jjhero_ any food spot suggestions in the bay area? i'm visiting! #ask30min
larry david sammy at marie catrib's rt @tim_logsdon what was your favorite meal that you had during filming? #ask30mins
here ya go. mcbride holding it down at courtyard marriott pool during filming of 30 mins or less. #ask30mins
one night, mcbride & i ended up swimming at a courtyard marriott at 3am. we were not guests at this hotel. lookin for pic. #ask30mins
re ?s about the cast. we had a great time. best part was sometimes strangers assuming mcbride was as racist as kenny powers. #ask30mins
the bank robbery was super fun. rt @pwrrangerdanger what was the best part of filming such a movie? #ask30min
hopefully @louisck is coming back!!! he's the best. rt @themajestic9 #ask30min which actors would you like to appear on parks and rec?
ok, doing a twitter q and a to make you see 30 mins or less on friday. sorry if i fill your timeline up too much. ask me stuff! #ask30min
@jordybar the court jester.
watch the video for "otis" by jay z & kanye west featuring a tiny aziz cameo:
watch my interview from conan last night:
#30minutesorless opens friday! ill do a twitter q&a for 30 mins (like the movie) tonight @ 8pm pst. tweet questions with #ask30min.
@ceddyf11 dude. where you at with the throne food remix album??!
.@conanobrien instead of usual interview, one of my followers suggested we cover "n*ggas in paris" by the throne. can we do this?
tom haverford. master of swagamonies. peep the slippers. #parksandrec #season4
what should i talk about on conan? anything in particular? can i just play  "who gon stop me" off wtt and go crazy during 2nd half?
i'll be on @jimmykimmel tonight to try to charm abc viewers to go see @30minutesorless this weekend in theaters. watch!
@joemande call it ball so hard!
ok. that's inappropriate. rt @timewarner thanks for booking an appt, we'll hit you up mana-naaaaaaaaah! #throneday #wtt
@darham175 thanks, but i'm pretty sure that's not gonna happen. hahahahah.
if i was eating at campanile tonight, i would order the (slow it down) flattened chicken or the halibut #slowitdown #throneday #wtt
@mrs_ornery listen to "n*ggas in paris" off watch the throne.
i gotta go to bed bath and beyond. think i might take (slow it down) los feliz blvd down to fountain! #wtt #throneday #slowitdown
i'll have some sushi tonight, maybe eat a little (slow it down) yellowtail with jalapeno. #islowdownmyvoiceinreallifenow #throneday
prince williams ain't do it right if ya ask me, if i was him i would-(slow) married kate & ashley! #wtt #islowdownmyvoiceinreallifenow
"god damn it!" - swizz beats #watchthethrone #mythoughtsexactly
"sorry i'm in my pajamas, i just off the pj!" #watchthethrone
if you aren't a fan of tweets quoting watch the throne lyrics, you may want to unfollow me. #watchthethrone
#watchthethrone
@ultimateh_mania dude! you're not even gonna spill the beans on what the names are? are you fucking kidding me?!!
@mindykaling dar likes bbad. he's into all usa shows except necessary roughness and in plain sight.
darwish currently explaining why "suits" on usa is the perfect 'summer show.' #lunchwithdarandharr
dar and harr real stressed about what to wear to the premiere. trying to convince em to go w/a fedora & vest look.
@calsef how dope is that ending??!!!
@jshecket @lizbeach05 hope the marriage works and you have a happy life free of divorce and affairs and misc adultery
@brinni_b happy birthday! don't ever drink and drive.
@sssavanna what?! not true. your idiot best friend must have ran into @dannypudi or @miscbeardedbrownman. don't believe that jerk.
does sound like a fun bbq rt @kentremendous either it's intentional & racist, or unintentional & boneheaded. you decide!
i highly recommend checking out my friend tig notaro's new standup cd. she's hilarious:
yep. down with this:
@chelseavperetti @wittels @djgoor @alanmyang  more like your jityourassoutofhereyouorderedthewrongshitdummy #jitlada4life
@christinagtx happy birthday! my intern brad did this but it still counts. (no it was me, don't have an intern)
@emilyewoldt happy birthday!!!!
if you have a pt cruiser, the woodgrain on the side move isn't
helping.
@ugoddess_ct doing conan next week!
i did the tonight show on friday. you can watch it here:
@jon_dunn unfortunately with the parks and rec shooting schedule i can't come to gr. but have an ld at marie catrib's for me please.
@therealed_r @ericwareheim @jwoliner son of a gun and/or animal, jitlada, best fish taco in ensenada
@flocksea son of a gun - get shrimp toast and the alligator for sure. trust.
@luckyman75 hahahaha
@theechaco god damn, thanks for sending me this. forgot this! that usher necklace move!! smh!
oh wait, just remember i gave my mom my kindle. this may be related...
@iamdiddy positivity! let's gooooooooooooooo! #hopethathelps
@seysay03 of course. wishing you well justin.
@c6tony x-men animated series too, don't sleep.
i don't think trader joe's is on twitter, but fyi tom haverford calls trader joe's mango lemonade - nature's hennessy.
btw pretty psyched this trader joe's is using ron swanson and tommy timberlake in their ads:
i really think @gqmagazine should dress my cousins darwish and harris for the 30 mins or less premiere. how do we make this happen?!
@jamespageiv nope, different indian man
@chef_boyrc just reading the new script for next season! it'll be on in september. script is great so far.
@zfrick24 we'll meet again. what city are you in?
@ryangilmore i wouldn't dare tweet spoilers. gus been badass since day one.
@majuhlazuh damn that's a good one.
@jacob_morales fucking amazing right?!!
if i was a crystal meth kingpin, my front would definitely be a fried chicken restaurant too. #gusistheman #breakingbad
@ericwareheim i think all computers look the same
@theawesomeator i don't really know long beach, sorry i can't help. there's a chick fil a there though i think?
stop tweeting about breaking bad? "yeah? i want shania twain to give me a tuggy. guess what? that ain't happening either. - hank schraeder
breaking bad viewing party update. just got the "heisen"-burgers off the grill. #gonnalosesomefollowers #sometimesyagottaindulge
breaking bad viewing party idea: chicken burritos & only communicate w/a bell. also snort crystal meth off a knife a la tuco. #dontdothat
@af_normality best show since the wire. easily.
@sepinwall do you get free shoes too?
@bennetfreeweezy he definitely did, vince gilligan said that in interviews after the finale.
breaking bad season 4. so psyched. my favorite show on tv, maybe ever. #kindahopingthistweetwillresultinamcsendingmeallofseason4inadvance
@randullstuff osama bin lanesclosed
carmaggedeon was originally going to be called pearl carbor. #theresmycarmaggedeonjoke #ifeelgross
@moonbiscuits bunk's sandwiches. go there!
@50cent i owe you for the grapefruit bit, let me know how i can help. #hopeyoudonthateme #ayotechnologyismyjam
i love my little brother and my whole family so much. :) rt @n666zyjohn maus goin ham
@noreservations @davidchang @joebeef don't do it!!! chang warned me about this. go to wilensky's and get a sandwich and run home quick.
@toddbarry @chelseavperetti #aids #aids #aids #aids #bopboppitybopbop #bopboppitybopbop #bopboppitybopbop #bopboppitybopbop
@ahomesweethome happy birthday boo :)
@sluke6 happy birthday! i'm sleepy. that's all i got.
"touch my seitan again and i'll stab you in the throat. that's my protein source motherfucker!!" #veganthuglife
"yeah i'm vegan but i still fuck wit mcgriddles." #veganthuglife
@n666zy i'm just looking out for you lil bro. i'm smh.
@n666zy i was down with #crisp. but this is a #nogo.
@n666zy sounds too close to no go. making this whole phrase and it's usage #nogo
@murphwatchestv love many things about that tweet. respect.
@dagwood_a "where rhythm is life... and life is rhythm."
but if later on in the date regulators came on and she said she was kidding and sang the whole song to me? #dealmaker #soulmates
@socutepanda very on board with this.
@jitladala awww, i miss you too jazz! i'll be back in la soon.
@sobiaferoze y'all got dope vietnamese food. les grivals is it?
how many god damn people do i have txt to get someone to go to brunch with me??! smh. #imhungry #needmorefatfriends
@timmysorensen i want to know about that kid n play incident!!
see? profound insight on the economy. suck it krugman. rt @nononsensethx all that money bout to be gone. smh
@therealmikedean who got dibs on that martinelli's...
@ashleycoastyy that was hilarious!!!!! you guys are awesome.
i'm doing a short dropin at the punchline in san francisco tonight to work on new jokes. call 415-397-7573 for tickets.
parents in town. no matter what "fun ny activities" we plan, we just end up napping. #gotnapsonnapsonnaps
@jaredrossking i got my mom this same bday present. a personalized @ message from her son. hope you appreciate it more than she did.
how bout you leave your friends at that bar and come give me a handjob at this 24 hour wendy's? #badlatenighttxts
@amplesamurai @thequeenrebel ahhh you may need an iphone with emoji to appreciate that one. sorry.
@duncgid did it last trip.
@sasheer #duckinacan #foiegraspoutine #diditlastyear #tasty
if you see a fat version of me in montreal, its me. 3 lunches today w/@joebeef & @davidchang: wolinskys, barros luco, & village grec. ridic.
@chirucaliban amazon and itunes maybe?
@seann_lane yeah been rting a bunch. pretty lazy these days. #realtalk
@jonnypblair agreed
@topherbowe  la - best fish taco on hillhurst or ricky's fish taco.
please check the @kentremendous timeline asap for must read up to date transformers 3 thoughts.
off to a charity event in aid of @animalsasia tonight. they even get the profit from the bar so, you know, it's sort of my duty to drink.
@chaaluna @derektvshow :)
@outdoorsceo: now that's a beast!
i've just discovered praying. this is going to save me fucking millions in charity donations.
when you're shopping, give a few quid to an animal home, an old people's home or a children's charity to make their xmas a bit better too :)
@fruitofnoah: @rickygervais i pray for the less fortunate.  please try it. &lt; did it work? if so, i'll do that instead of donating money.
@b0ringtweets i think that's called a nightmare.
@betina1984:  wow the smell must be strong in such a shop &lt; yeah, they eventually asked me to leave.
i'm cheese shopping for xmas at the moment.
@b0ringtweets what's your favourite national lottery machine? mine's guinevere.
@jmastorino @radiohead @thomyorke cheers
can't we just do this test on the people who did it to these beautiful, innocent beagles?
@ollybishop yeah, i knew that ;)
@katelinnbrock they may as well have prayed for all the good it did :)
@delaynamichelle haha
@sburkegruen cheers
@mattsibson haha
@jonmeds74 "this would have been the greatest day of my life if ricky gervais hadn't replied to me yesterday. it's still 2nd though"
@jpmarshman cheers
@lisaw_x :)
@dinkydonut101 cheers
@kutzkc :)
@charlottiejb they're my favourite! such anger and bitterness. haha
@dalebhoy1888 :)
@mikescott82 thank you
@tarekbieganski say it as a "z"
@snippetsofmine @derektvshow @netflix @popsugarent :)
@zowiebluebell @derektvshow cheers
@miamausolle cheers
@tomtreasure1 cheers!
@beautyinlunacy thanks
@entourage1970 :)
@phsgotothefish :)
@jimnorton rofl. i eat lunch too. follow back?
@coldplay and paradise in ep 4!
please bid for my rosy red slippers. it's for a wonderful cause :)
@alanairmedia thanks :)
@elliot_gonzalez cheers
@kajeriksen :)
@dannyregan86 brave
sometimes it pretty obvious who farted
@dt_hanmer cheers
@jedinews2010 it's very possible :)
last day filming on derek series 2. it's been an absolute blast.
@theangeleswolfe  :)
@smennantgirl_ thank you
@michaelianblack i was thinking about doing one with the songs of queen. thoughts?
@bodyplop1973 @belikederek :)
doctor! purple feet? what the fuck?
@robgemmell1 thank you :)
@mattsibson casual
sometimes i just lay like this because i'm a cat
@vee_roro thanks for spreading the word :)
@lynk2307 @derektvshow series 2 coming soon
@stevehendo80 @belikederek cheers
when you're as rich and uncaring as me, this makes walking to the bathroom when the floor's a bit cold more comfy..
@coregan511 @derektvshow cheers
@brynnbwright thanks
@srosene :)
egg with sideburns
jealous people have already had their punishment: they'll never be happy.
@dnmeberle cheers
@mrsnickyclark :)
@timmyzyla @belikederek cheers
@geirwaaler :)
@mindofmrcallum :)
@mattziselman thanks for spreading the word :)
@misssandyp @netflix cheers
@susanm_l thanks
i wanted her to go into the police force or be care worker, but she loves pole dancing....
@kjohno10: #textlikebrent
@b0ringtweets i bet you can't wait till you need to leave yourself a reminder for something.
london now
@baddiel in all my sunday school books he had blond hair and blue eyes. if he existed he definitely looked more like you. haha. i love that.
the jesus story would've been so much better without all the magic and son of god bollocks. an outspoken guy who stood up for the meek. hero.
@miles_rod thank you
@maswinn @derektvshow :)
david brent's old office building is to be demolished. sad news.  here he is performing the beautiful ballad "slough"
he hadn't seen brokeback mountain before...
remember, don't be atheistic, believe in all the gods, just in case. or at least all the needy jealous ones that sulk and bear a grudge :)
@msamandanovelli @derektvshow thanks
@kancityshuffle :)
@alpha____60 cheers
@alantannerbaum thank you
@thetweetofgod: i'm thinking about writing the bible again, only this time not on meth. "faking bad"
@kerryagodliman @brettgoldstein @charlietantrum @davidearlxxx @hollidee @wheeliemancrow i'm gonna miss brad. i got to know him quite well.
@belikederek: #derek's ultimate favoritest cat!
@breadbin88 haha. exactly
last week of filming derek series 2. emotional. still, you buying the series 1 dvd will get me over it though :)
thanks to the mighty @hollywood_com for this lovely review of derek on @netflix
@wheeliemancrow @charlietantrum @kerryagodliman @brettgoldstein @davidearlxxx @hollidee @mrdereknoakes you were brilliant. cheers
"i'm in the bath" @gervaisfanart: #artworkbygeo.
morning, fellow apes. 
have a great day...
@purplegiraffes2 :)
@rossbirks cheers
any questions?
@enews: you know what monday means: time to vote for #hottieoftheweek!  1 tweet with #hottieoftheweek = 1 vote! &lt; i'm quietly confident.
@dan_eightyfive:  what would your quote be for the back of the bible "as seen in the movie se7en"
.@thetweetofgod ok then. i endorse this book, for it is the word of you.
.@thetweetofgod is this book actually written by you, and not some child-sacrificing, racist, homophobic, misogynists, like that last one?
this is either a bad choice of font or the most fun lights ever
so glad it's december now...
@nycki23 thank you
@b0ringtweets spot on!
@b0ringtweets many times. often with the addition of onion.
@b0ringtweets have you ever had a cheese roll?
"lick the toad..."

@gus_807: @rjmoeller atheists talk more about the bible than christians do. go figger. @tut5150 &lt;  that's because they've read it more.
you know when you secretly alter a mate's cv to make them look mental? do you think that's what happened to the poor guy writing the bible?
atheist toast. it looks just like the big bang and then billions of years of evolution through natural selection. .
@natalie17031 christians just stole it and renamed it. it was a pagan celebration first.
@thebanat :)
@chattyevei :)
@noporpoiseshow :)
@jesstuck19 that will now be my new hobby
thanks for your lovely comments about my piece on creativity
@stevolafferty:   #textlikebrent
@light_artillery :)
@gspellchecker @samharrisorg :)
@robinince why is the gig at night? do you hate daytime? that's racist isn't it?
@robinince why do you hate women?
@timmyzyla @belikederek @netflix thanks
@betina1984 thanks
"who's been a good boy? yes, you have...yes you have...who's got a ps4? eh? who's got a ps4? good boy.."
@sparkyant: mate just asked me; would you rather lick out your mum or rape your dad? family die if you didn't choose are you in a prison?
@hopping_schnatz i think i do it even more when i'm sober :)
let's ban yolo as it is clearly inflammatory and offensive to hindus.
is it weird to wish you a happy world aids day? anyway, that's what it is and you should support the fight
@msglynisbarber haha
@leahstivers1: i know the truth. god is the way, the truth, and the light. i choose god. plain and simple." &lt; good for you. enjoy
how forced irrational beliefs tragically poison the innocent
@michaelbyers cheers
@ryblackinton cheers
thanks for all your amazing comments about derek still flooding in. if anything i think they've increased. certainly not complaining tho :)
@jonnybance cheers
@sirroyal @derektvshow keep spreading the word :)
earthquake!
@thegardener7 thank you
@b0ringtweets 2 men 8 hours?
@b0ringtweets is that peterborough?
nothing says "crazy" quite as well as writing entire tweets in capitals.
@russellcrowe cheers.
any aspiring writers or musicians  out there might find my little piece on creativity interesting
@belindaj2310 haha
good morning
@theposieparker @youtube i'm honoured :)
@maxchavis @derektvshow cheers
@maevefitz92 @nataliesmith_94 thanks
@davidfalkner @derektvshow cheers
@davidbrentmusic: @joeburkmar: my brother thinks i am mental! #textlikebrent
@mattsibson @kevtwine haha
@avath :) thanks
@holliejayde excellent
@robinince don't look back, look forward. i think i said that too as i was filming it.
@robinince i was simply showing you my worm farm. you said you were a doctor, remember?
flying into la
@lindsayberry86 thanks
@jspapineau haha
@derekpaterson thanks
@shirley_perez cheers
the comforting thing about being dead is you don't know it. you don't know anything. it's only difficult for others. same as being stupid.
loads of welsh people now adding "of steps" to their "i love ian watkins" tattoos.
@hannahelliss94 good point
how would you like to batter people who torture animals? i'd like to do it with a baseball bat. don't know why. i think i'd like the noise.
@davewelch007 :)
are you still allowed to hit fat stupid dawdling families on the back of the head with a rolling pin, or was that law repealed?
when xmas shopping 32% of people are thinking "good will to all men". 68% are thinking "i want to punch all these moronic cunts in the face"
@davidbrentmusic: @maximusderp: #textlikebrent @rickygervais @davidbrentmusic
hope you do something fun, lucrative, creative, useful or kind today. or even all 5. have a great saturday.
@sherlockmichael :)
why should you believe the bible? 
because it says so in the bible. 
now please don't ask again.
blocking is one of the most satisfying things around. block for the slightest bit of rudeness or negativity. block for fun. have a great day
@kristian_dale thank you
have a peaceful night, world.
new york this evening
just blocked a moron for suggesting that tweeting an opinion is the same as going door to door forcing your views on someone. thick cunt.
@shaunwylde you have to follow me to read my tweets. that's like turning up to my door and claiming i'm pushing my view on you.
i don't believe in 2,870 suggested gods. christians don't believe in 2,869. we're both very atheist really. we have so much in common :)
@ms_elle_bee cheers
@juliemamajuj :)
@hollands1981 :)
@b0ringtweets i honestly can't remember. you've stumped me. you should be a quiz master. have you ever considered that?
a lot of people saying "but you don't choose cancer. you choose religion" not really. in most cases it's "taught" to tiny kids as fact. done
@rallymd i hate puppies with cancer.
suggesting i hate people with religion because i hate religion is like suggesting i hate people with cancer because i hate cancer.
twitter experiment..
i have 5.3 million followers. everyone #ff me now, and watch it make absolutely fuck all difference.
it's the weekend! let's get this party started
@bikemanstream thank you
mr fucking t
@noporpoiseshow :)
@mckay1888 cheers
@lundon_bridge thank you
@ljpatsfan: #ff @rickygervais and his amazing accounts @mrdereknoakes and @davidbrent they are magnificent. :) #kindnessismagic &lt; thanks
@ben_goodman cheers
@goodmandrew :)
i fucking love hyenas.
@tobyfoster haha
@mattwobson: #animaloddcouples
@jimnjulie :)
@liamjenkins_8 thank you
@pameladolan  bless you :)
@kelly_welles :)
@paulbarden @derektvshow @broadcastawards thanks
@tweetmehalfway2 thank you
@thebradpope @derektvshow :)
@jayvisible @derektvshow cheers
@estrambotica @derektvshow @broadcastawards thank you
@jburt1992 love the moody lighting :)
@matthewhandley1 i bet your hair's thicker :)
@bigbreezy23 :)
@sissycarter @derektvshow @broadcastawards thank you
@broadcastawards: best comedy prog #derek #derekproductions #broadcastawards &lt; thank you broadcast. i loves you.
bath vid: happy thanksgiving
great profile piece on derek
if you managed to get tickets for david brent in bristol, you might be able to get one of these beauties...
@britthaymes thank you
"oh no! old rex hasn't seen that truck coming...don't look."
@lilmissatheist they'll love it :)
this proves there really is an almighty frog....
@theatrememoirs cheers
@francis17sue @derektvshow :)
@noellebaldridge thank you
@tommykeavy thank you
@termijj cheers
@beaucarneaa haha
@edwardgil1996 :)
@queenschmoopsie haha
@stephenmcdermo8 cheers
@mcfcstecaff84 too hot
bath vid: happy thanksgiving
@edwardgil1996 good work
@tommy_slatts86 :) thanks
@katrinanicolle cheers
@blondewithboobs  wow
@jaylucs something else
@smartyfeldman thank you
@mattsibson "go and annoy the world"
@mattsibson haha
an apple a day keeps the doctor away. (for fuck's sake, don't tell the daleks)
@birdbirdname33 :)
@edwardgil1996 haha
@ross_owen haha
@stephkellan amazing
@cliff_m85 cheers
@screamingbrat breathtaking
i'm loving filming derek 2 at the moment but i'm also missing new york. you send me photos of ny and i'll send you...
how proud does it make you feel that miss universe is always won by an earthling?
@b0ringtweets that's who i've based my career on to be honest. him and the bloke from shoestring.
@jot_t  perfect
@b0ringtweets it was just a photo shoot. it wasn't a real office.
@b0ringtweets i think that sums it up perfectly
haha. this was posted on my facebook page by jordan warlow...
another trailer for my little movie 'muppets most wanted'
@kanaeishaeden: thank you ricky! : ) x the mailman just arrived! #derek #kindnessismagic
i read this sign in the nick of time
*they're
@francis17sue @ajshingy @4dvd cheers
night twonks. sweet dreams...
@edwardgil1996 :)
@dereknoakes50 @derektvshow :)
@702matt cheers
@ryanbreier @derektvshow :)
@deerdesignsjulz :)
@edwardgil1996 haha
@ajshingy: thank you! #kindnessismagic #derek :)
@markustandius :)
@smennantgirl_ that dog is huge. or is the dvd further away?
@charliebadger99 @pkont :)
@lee_medd haha
@pkont: 
@ourandrea:  found dead in hotel room after overdosing on pie &lt; it's the way he would've wanted to go
@masso6 :)
window vid 


@liamwalsh88:  caption this???
@janecl_lover:  "no!....please don't take derek away from me! i loves him!"
the best chance you have of getting a photo of your moggy or pooch retweeted to 5.3 million people is to have a derek dvd in the picture :)
@michaelianblack mine told me it keeps the devil away. as does the "blindfold pudding" for afters.
@mrsnickyclark thanks
caption please?
wakey, wakey! go take on the world, tiger. have a great day.
atheism is the lack of belief in a god (or gods). it makes no claim. it merely rejects the claim that a god (or gods) exists. nothing more.
"people should be allowed to believe what they want so you should keep your atheism to yourself" yes. someone actually tweeted me this :)
freedom of speech, rationality, truth and honesty. this is my religion. oh, and cats. and dogs. all animals. some people. alcohol is good too.
you don't need to respect a belief or opinion. only the persons right to have it. big difference.
it is literally impossible to "force" your opinions by general tweeting. only a fucking moron thinks they are "forced" to follow you.
remember, christians are atheist when it comes to nearly 3000 other gods.
you can't prove the non existence of something. you can't prove unicorns, elves, zeus, or any other gods, don't exist. and why would you?
we're all agnostic. believers don't know there's a god but still believe, and atheists don't know there's a god so decide not to believe.
@teamaaronp thanks
some of my followers are so thick. rt if you think i don't mean you.
@thetweetofgod: remember: just because you're offensive, doesn't mean you're wrong. @rickygervais you're the best god ever.
haha. i fucking love twitter :)
i know, let's pray for no more disasters, famine or disease. why has no one thought of this before? that will definitely work.
@cparkie fair enough
remember, just because you're offended, doesn't mean you're right.
because movember is about testicular cancer, i think we should shape our pubic hair into a moustache as well as our facial hair.
@freshjim i'll try :)
@mattjwillis cheers fella :)
another trailer for my little movie 'muppets most wanted'
@b0ringtweets what's the coldest you've ever thought a day would be?
some people wear crucifixes or funny headgear to let everyone know their beliefs. not me. i walk round like this
lazy bastards who can't be arsed to go shopping can order derek on dvd here
imagine being a little fat thing with bad hair and a stupid voice
@xbexxj:  2nd to last copy in shop. christmas list no.1 tick.
@carlbeazleyart: bath pic - oil on canvas (100cm x 100cm) @gervaisfanart 
what's 6 foot tall with a completely round face and needs to be wound up every day? #derek2
remember to put every worthy cause into every single tweet. otherwise some useless cunt will always reply..."but what about syria?"
@tokyo_sexwhale haha.
@b0ringtweets how long is the new tricks box set?
@clarkey101: @derektvshow  #derekdvd
great work, twonks. puppy farming will be debated in parliament! @pupaid
@addystarr :) thanks
if you're going shopping today, post a photo of yourself buying the derek dvd and you could win a signed copy!
this should surely be on a higher shelf
night twonks. oh, and here's a little hedgehog in a wooly hat...
the end of another fantastic week filming on derek 2. it's friday. i'm in the bath. have a great weekend
thanks for all your #ffs. slowly replying to you all. be patient and chill, yeah....
new trailer for muppets most wanted!
this probably wasn't the clearest font to use..
@yordcath thank you
@davbjo :)
thank fuck it's pieday
this is amazing
@sanberkhout cheers
@sarahsals4 @jessicaemilym excellent :)
new trailer for muppets most wanted
best day ever
@jastamate:  @derektvshow #textlikederek
@steveloopzprice: @derektvshow #textlikedougie the conversation is still going on :) lol. 
@rsplmufc:  the only thing that surprised the wife was that i was at work when it happened! #textlikekev
@newbs29 :)
"guess who..."
@leahchalloner:  my friend took this quite literally #textlikedougie
@gdesjardine07 thank you
@chloebyers95:  @derektvshow #textlikedougie don't think my mum was too impressed...
@dvrf1878 thank you :)
watch @davidblaine freak me out with a "magic" trick:
@myauralfixation thank you
@myauralfixation thank you
@rwkclarke: @derektvshow  #textlikedougie i love this game!
@karl1910:  message my arl man #textlikedougie
@mellyliz: @derektvshow  #textlikedougie my partner thinks i'm nuts
@oc microsoft shares
@thejbone73:  in trouble with the missus #textlikedougie
@b0ringtweets millenium? did you not call it the willenium?
@jolemayo thank you.
@ttkk1885 :)
@kelcyrus :)
@srcrear_aka_grm: hunting is conservation. there is much people don't know and shouldn't question &lt;there is nothing you shouldn't question.
thank you so much to everyone who has signed the petition to #cleanupcruelty.
whether god, or billions of years of evolution made these magnificent creatures, why kill them for no reason?
@b0ringtweets yes. but i learnt when i was 8. i missed the opportunity to learn as an adult unfortunately.
@kmrsc1: sent to my daughter  #textlikedougie
@b0ringtweets have you ever done it the other way round? you know, pulled a door that was meant to be pushed? just as hilarious i think.
this is possibly the greatest article of all time
@derektvshow: @jam_20_: @derektvshow @rickygervais #textlikedougie
@oxford_restring:  @derektvshow #textlikedougie
another tough day filming derek 2
@toshslim :)
@zombieslew @derektvshow haha
@youfallinasleep :) thank you
night twonks. up at twat o'clock again tomorrow filming derek 2. sweet dreams...
@stacey13x: #catsthatlooklikerickygervais
@stigface :)
@weffanie: #catsthatlooklikerickygervais @rickygervais
@worryingoap:  you look a bit like our betterware lady." not anymore, sadly. i look more like the asda lady now..
this is doing the rounds again. people are demanding an explanation. my only defence is "it was the 80s" :)
@naterochon :)
@adf1962:  congratulations, you made the 'ugly selfies' list
@preecey03 :)
@oproar @derektvshow thanks
@potterkohtotoro :)
@1stjustintoye :)
tuesday is the new wednesday. it's practically the weekend! have a great day
@dcaldicott cheers
i can't describe the total thrill of never murdering a beautiful wild animal and mounting its head on a wall. it's exhilarating and so natural
@junodog perfect :)
@cos2mwiz2 @mrdereknoakes thank you
@primanirules @mrdereknoakes :)
@amberbrignone :)
@mv2x6 cheers
@lauragrace06 wasteful, unnecessary, often cruel and very sad.
@adampjburton :)
those people who correct @mrdereknoakes on his spelling and grammar. haha.
@b0ringtweets yeah i can see why that would be quite a buzz.
@thedynamogooner:  so you're saying you're not real? no...i...what?...no...because......shut up. i'm the only real god is what i mean.
@chloooeyy: ricky gervais is one of the most gorgeous men in the world without a doubt  @rickygervais #fangs &lt; and fangs to you too :)
i'm like old testament god. say anything i don't like and i block you for ever. always praise me and don't follow anyone else. never test me.
@eredandan:  i'm not lion when i say that's a greeeeat idea. &lt; that made me giraffe out loud.
@lutonfalls:   when was the last time you hunted what you eat? i shot a quorn chilli today. it didn't even see me coming.
i'll pay for each pride of lions to have their own designated sniper on their side. now it's a sport. where you brave hunters at now? haha
would you shoot this beautiful creature for no reason other than it gave you a sick thrill?
@baddiel horrific
just spent an hour replying to all your lovely derek related tweets. thank you so much. i have to rest my thumb for a while now though.
@domdomtuna @belikederek thank you
@davidl1237: how do you think your ancestors survived by going to the supermarket? no they had high powered rifles and killed for fun right?
@isabell4versace thanks :)
@djpaulryan :) cheers
@b0ringtweets i like having a laugh as much as the next man. unless the next man is in the bar area at tfif and i'm anywhere near him.
@tonyh1973 cheers
let me know if you're ever dissatisfied with anything in any of my tweets and i'll make sure you're never dissatisfied again. i'll block you.
i can't think of anything to tweet. please rt to raise awareness.
so proud to be one of the most powerful news images of the year
animals are not here for us to do as we please with. we are not their superiors, we are their equals. we are their family. be kind to them.
@plawrence559 @aaronpaul_8 thank you
@celifacejones :)
@tysondale90 @derektvshow cheers
@adamhampton87: sent this the wife. she shot me down big style.
@tompain_:  #textlikekev not a bad effort i'd say
@fabulousanimals: great mom!
thank you for all your amazing photos of new york. took this from my window last time i was there.
@sarahgowers1:  #nyc 
@horanthetardis :)
@hev20kemp:  #textlikekev persistence is the key!
evil cat re-enacts classic scene from "i am legend" with neighbour's dog..
when i hear someone "died peacefully in their sleep" i always think they may have been having a nightmare about being ripped apart by a bear
@purbrooktony: @derektvshow  #textlikekev ...no wonder my daughter's screwed up!
@wriggy: #textlikekev
@joeshacklock it's not on netflix in the uk.
let's play another texting game. send a text to a friend or relative in the style of kev and screen shot their reply. #textlikekev
@sugarmanvw: @derektvshow
@osnapitztaryll enjoy
@tonyobrien133 cheers
@iforwardadam cheers
@celia1689 enjoy :)
let me hear from dvd shops around britain. tweet me a photo to prove you have derek in stock. i run a tight ship i'm afraid.
@cougwiseguy thank you
@rainnwilson @netflix thank you sir. how are you?
@biblereloaded thank you
@jakeemcewan :)
@realpetevincent it's worth a try
@kimgondeck @derektvshow @twitter thank you
@estattin :)
@jenn_tisdale thank you
@jamielucas162 @blamtheshow haha
@blamtheshow i'm in the gym now.
@abellonch @derektvshow thank you
@kingimars @blamtheshow :)
just saw @blamtheshow. one of the greatest, most exciting and brilliant shows i have ever seen. honestly. fucking blown away.
@mrsnickyclark :)
person a: please sign this petition to stop killing dolphins.
person b: what, so you don't care about the children in syria?
@martin_lauri: does killing animals hurt your feelings puffda boy? #hunting is ace, i'm gonna kill a chicken right now it will outwit you
london now
london now
when xmas shopping please don't buy into cruelty. no real fur, no foie gras, and don't give anyone a cliff richard calendar. that's just nasty
haha. @buzzfeed have done a list for derek!
@danicalister @belikederek thank you :)
@adevaratsinge @mrdereknoakes @derektvshow @belikederek haha
i'm hit. go on without me, greg. tell my wife i love her...
@79scotty: a 100 year old man and his 17 year old cat shared the same birthday
@janefallon: ok fess up. who stole my cat and replaced it with 2 other cats welded together badly? 
ken dogg
@biblereloaded thank you
@b0ringtweets i did. but andy said he couldn't concentrate because he knew mike stockton was sleeping with his wife every tuesday.
@b0ringtweets i think i must have been playing badminton with andy wooton the night that aired.
never get upset by trolls. expose them, ignore them, block them, whatever, but always know they are no where near as good as you. smile :)
@mattsibson someone with no real friends.
@b0ringtweets cheers. any advice on killing hitler?
@b0ringtweets i was going to kill hitler first but now i'm in two minds. would chris believe me though?
@rockygervase :)
@planescollide beautiful
@brips88:  #textlikederek
@jodikw:  @belikederek #tweetlikederek
@foundateastpark :)
@metallicaman971
my iphone is like a time machine. i go to spend a couple of minutes on twitter and suddenly it's an hour later.
thanks for all the love for derek from around the world. north america, south america, oz, scandinavia, holland..have i forgotten anyone?
@gazphillips @billybunte93 @itsdavehimself5 haha
@hypnobuzz cheers
@rickypromotion  thank you
@roystbaggage :)
@billybunte93:  why would derek also type in the incorrect grammar? &lt; why don't you ask him?
@lukeagill :)
@aimummies :)
@gervaisaholics: great news! the #derek series 1 dvd hits the supermarkets! only 10 at @asda
@3amjen:  @derektvshow #textlikederek
@bengalpin: @rickygervais my mum didn't have a clue #textlikederek
happy friday
@realbrianpalmer @redmacca7 thank you
this was my bestest day on twiiter. night twonks. i loves you.
@derektvshow: @ritzyreviews: . @derektvshow
@noporpoiseshow: @derektvshow  i loves this show!
@melissabachman: incredible day in south africa! stalked this male lion...what a hunt!
@yellowyoshi100 haha
@lucy_lu_lop haha
@dereklp :)
@aaronkynaston87 haha. good work
@hmvbasingstoke: pick up in stores
@deadmarcu5:  okay so it's technically texting like dougie
@lulul1985 haha
@pammieprincess haha
@jamesgreen777 haha
@trickytredder haha
@__ryankennedy__ haha
@fiver_luck:  my dad didn't really get it haha, i think he's just concerned about my sanity xd
@bugglej: @belikederek  #textlikederek
@danofthedead_: 
@lottieroselunn: 
@soph_says_smile it's a good tactic
@ruairiogall cheers
'derek is heartfelt and funny'
@sueym268 :)
@mummello :)
@stuartgrimson :)
@petestro :)
@skepticuntway @belikederek :)
@scottieplz :)
@thomaswillshire haha
@bisping: so the legend that is @rickygervais just tweeted me. not bad. but did he #votebisping ?
@mre26 haha
@christy_redman :)
@park1_chris cheers
@forohwon :)
@mattlamb11 :)
@farbav :)
@h20hooligan haha
@holmesy1987 :)
@nosensitivityxo :)
@rockafella78 :)
@doctorkmt :)
@paulsen_tor :)
@ronannz @thetweetofgod :)
@andrewdevans haha
@bisping: i may, or may not have lol. haha. we have a winner. others need not apply.
@thedan41 :)
@bittf2 cheers
who's the hardest bloke in the world to admit he cried a bit at derek? 
come on, it takes a real tough guy to own up to that :)
@dannygregg :)
'derek is heartfelt and funny'
@shortstuff8753 cheers
@natashalikestea @gervaisfanart @derektvshow love it
@nurseontheedge thanks
i'm trying to find the person furthest away from the uk who's managed to order the derek dvd from
@randybossert:  i jst heard you are starring in the muppet movie? is it true? yes!
london right now
you should never use the word cunt to anyone. unless they are a mate. or a right cunt.
@missdwilson:  #teamkindnessuk as my work day ends, at home in #canada my mom's day begins!
@sarahroberts58 haha
@beckymilburn_: long distance sisterhood.  #teamkindnessuk @rachelmilburn89
@jemmabusson:  #teamkindnessuk :(
@beclouise13: @rickygervais #teamkindnessuk
@ceysays thank you :)
@sarahcordock @derektvshow good work!
@mandymarykay: @rickygervais #teamkindnessday #worldkindnessday
please help
@iamjka thank you
@sam__1985 :)
today is #worldkindnessday. send a text of kindness to a loved one and
screenshot your text and their response! tweet with #teamkindnessuk."
@davegooden thank you :)
@mcunninghamrn i think @belikederek are in charge of scarf distribution :)
@jimnorton why the fuck are you holding a dwarf in the shower?
who's the biggest gorp? #derek2
london today
london today
tweet a pic of yourself with the new derek dvd and be in with a chance of some goodies signed by this bunch of losers
@garethw07: @belikederek @derektvshow
@devowalters @derektvshow good work
@b0ringtweets what would you say if nick knowles turned up and wanted to join in?
ol brasil, eu te amo. obrigado por assistir derek no @netflixbrasil
probably the most important charity appeal in the world at the moment
if you can't afford to donate then just rt
#davidbrent and @coldplay have teamed up for the #under1roof show in london on 19 dec for @kidscompanyuk. ticket info:
a message from broad hill nursing home
is derek cruel? no. it's the opposite:
@b0ringtweets yes. and i don't really know anyone called jason.
@drdeakin @b0ringtweets i'll have that trick up my sleeve if ever i really need to impress someone very influential.
@b0ringtweets there is a jason where i work so it wouldn't be particularly impressive.
here's the official tv ad for derek on dvd. out now
patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it, - mark twain
have a peaceful day.
here's the official tv ad for derek on dvd. out monday 

the cast of derek signing series 1 dvds during the current filming of derek series 2
this monday, not only is derek series 1 released on dvd in the uk, but i'll also announce the last david brent gig of the year.
all i have to do now is choose 3 winners by monday. any suggestions? 

if stupidity was fatal, it would be a wonderful world and a lot less crowded.
this is twitter. assume nothing.
if you pre order the derek dvd now, it will arrive on monday.
@b0ringtweets i've only just heard about this. are you ok? where was it for *god's sake?

*pardon my french
just completed the first week filming derek series 2. kev showing everyone his shagging technique, a new record for takes ruined i'd say.
@sargethemedic :) thank you
@rickloiselle :)
@chelsealguy :) thank you
@oztish :)
@prys_ds wow
bath vid vi: sex change
@cnbc my first tweet was "i don't see the point of this" haha. i've changed.
@cbe_ronoliver @drj0el @netflixlat i aprove :)
@trvsrymnd @mattborchert thanks for spreading the word guys :)
@okaysmartypants @derektvshow :) good work
"lady gypsy" has had 210,000 downloads worldwide in 3 days on itunes
@brenofthedead thank you :)
@natedeveer keep spreading the word :)
@primanirules :)
@b0ringtweets did you ever point out that cliff's initial were cb? like the truckers radio system?
bath vid vi: sex change
seriously, is it just me, or am i getting better looking with age?
what's black and white and read all over? a nun with a javelin through her neck.
what do you call a cowardly aardvark? a vark.
filming at the zoo. my bestest day ever. #derek2
@lindarobson58:
if cats and dogs can get along, why can't the middle east, yeah? free your mind. 
#politicalcomedian
thanks to all you cool cats around the world who have preordered the derek dvd
@b0ringtweets what did colin say?
david brent's "lady gypsy" is available to download for free here @itunes
i am working with one of britain's greatest actors today. #derek2
@b0ringtweets haha. copy that.
what countries can order from
@zombie3504 thank you
@b0ringtweets are you doing anything special for bryan adams' birthday today?
@natoneary :) cheers
@sirjohnsquires thank you :)
@bullitus thank you :)
@emilyjodolan @belikederek you are doing great work :)
@m_villwock :) thank you. keep spreading the word!
@iiida_r @derektvshow :) thank you
@theresthatbear :)
@simonjbeech :) cheers
@iamjoegrant :) thank you
i am blown away by the standard in the derek dvd competition. some of the entries are quite simply, fucking amazing..

i'm not sure the photo fits the title....
@your_boy_greg :)
@cathycbinns3 :)
@cleverstaircase :)
@maddie_flood :)
you've been so lovely, enthusiastic and supportive with derek. thank you :)
@jasondatwit :) cheers
it's knackered from excessive chipmunking
@jimnorton haha
@mirrorjeffers and it's sunny!
karl requested some fruit in his trailer. i obliged..
#derek2
1st day of filming on derek series 2 today.
@beanaud :) thank you
@atcoleness thank you
@illin33 cheers
up and dressed at cunt o'clock
@gervaisaholics @charlietantrum @hollidee @brettgoldstein @kerryagodliman @davidearlxxx cheers
@ivyfarguheson thank you :)
thanks for all your lovely comments about my movie ghost town on comedy central. i have such fond memories of making that film :)
@thedersch because he's a div :)
@rockgod1970 yes
@clairwiggles cheers
@mikepiorkowski @derektvshow cheers
@spenceavfc cheers
@befinked @derektvshow :) cheers
@theblackone__ cheers
@jake_richo_96 cheers
@brookelarsen2 cheers
finally completed "paris nights", the princess diana song from the office. might debut it in bristol :) who's got tickets?
we start filming derek series 2 tomorrow! the whole gang back together again. except the ones who died. (in the series. not in real life :)
@_hayleymorris thank you :)
@blondewithboobs :)
@squidviciousss thank you. keep spreading the word :)
@squidviciousss thank you. keep spreading the word :)
@sugarrush00 @netflix keep spreading the word :)
@mrceosclass keep spreading the word :)
@kavannacurtis thank you
i do try to reply to all your lovely comments about derek by the way. be patient though. there are millions of you fuckers :)
@wd5jlr thank you
@lesegothole thank you :)
@broadbentjordan thank you :)
please help me decide a winner. do you have a favourite so far?
@bugglej @belikederek :)
@mayday_kiwi :) thank you
@deb_martyn thank you :)
bath vid v: mahatma gandhi
@mudduck777 thank you :)
@jason_michael @gervaisfanart nice
@bryanhible: @gervaisfanart talking of which, has my minimalist masterpiece been rtd yet? ;)
@vinnyddk good work!
a creationist walks into a bar, about 6 million years after the hominid lineage diverged from chimpanzees.
free your mind, yeah?
a suicide bomber walks into a bar. he was a buddhist actually. free your mind, yeah?
bath vid iv: meditations
this is amazing...
those people who actually use the term "sinner"
those people who point out continuity errors in movies.
a deconstructed joke walks into a bar.
i like to move it move it
@womancupcake: how do you pronounce your last name gervais
surely this has to stop?
bath vid iv: meditations
a load of scientists just left stephen hawking outside the bar. bastards.
descartes thought he walked into a bar.
freud walked into a bar and spilt his dad's drink all over his mum.
newton walked into a bar, at exactly the same force as the bar exerted back on him.
schrodinger walks into a bar....maybe.
time for a little nap
schrodinger walks into a bar with a cat. and without a cat. #sciencejoke
physics, chemistry, biology....please feel free to make fun of these, my deeply held beliefs. it doesn't affect them in the slightest :)
@b0ringtweets is that what garry did? fair enough. he sounds like a right nasty piece of work.
hope you buy the derek dvd
the less someone has achieved, the more they seem to criticise others.
@b0ringtweets you've got to forget about garry. he's nothing. let him get on with his life and you get on with yours.
if you ever get angry at one of my tweets, the last thing you should do is tell me about it. that just makes it even funnier for me :)
@b0ringtweets isn't that responsibility somewhat stressful?
@sbarker_91:  easy to say when you have 90 million in the bank no it's worse. what if i don't manage to spend it all in time? nightmare.
@gregjames :)
when you're fed up or stressed about life, just remember, you will be dead and forgotten soon, so nothing really matters. have a great day :)
@aabuzzeo: hahahahahaha @rickygervais i love you for this...
@pantherinae2 haha
@michaelianblack thanks again
@michaelianblack no..wait..i didn't say...here's some money.
@michaelianblack "cursory looks" are for fucking losers. you would know this if you took the slightest glimpse at my record.
@michaelianblack i agree. we need more rules, not less. what do you think of just letting your teeth grow how they like?
@mattsibson i bet da vinci cracked one.
@mattsibson: i just ate half a 12 inch pizza! that's almost like having a 6 inch pizza! &lt; haha..the most subtle maths/pizza joke ever.
anyone dissing mashed potato has me to fucking answer to.
@tvkev this sounds like the beginning of a "twilight zone"
@crimsonfirecat: you're ricky-fucking-gervais; you can eat whatever family-sized pies you want. &lt; this!
@billfleming42:  how about having a world wide kindness day. &lt; funny you should say that. it's happening. 12th november. stay tuned.
just had a cottage pie meant for a whole family. and? fuck you, ok?
remember, it's better that a thousand guilty people go free, than getting involved and risk getting knifed or something.
@absoluteonebe: i can't buy that we evolved from a cell inside water into highly complex intellectual beings &lt; ok. just have fun then :)
sushi is the biggest con ever. japanese chefs everywhere, laughing at us with each other..."we charge double and don't even cook it. haha"
@gervaisjunkie @davidbrent @mrdereknoakes cheers
@gervaisfanart: haha amazing entry to our #derekdvd contest by rob potter.
@gervaisquotes: beibers fans are beliebers. with brent gigs selling out just as quickly, what would his fans be called? brentalists
@misomadarac thank you
@mrsnickyclark i don't even know how that's possible but yes i think that's true.
i have the best fans in the world. there. i said it.
sold out. thank you for trying and sorry if you didn't manage to get in this time. you're the best.
@princewinton thanks
@neiljonufc good for you. kindness is magic :)
tickets for david brent and foregone conclusion live in bristol on the 16th december go on sale at 10 am
@bristol_jane go for it :)
@richonown @derektvshow @netflix :)
@louismatthews99 thank you
@bizzy_meg :)
.@wbcsays i think i'm your favourite hell-bound atheist scum bag. i am, aren't i? yeah, i knew it. that's sooo sweet. you're all right.
@potterkohtotoro :)
@kdooey thank you
.@wbcsays i don't want you outside my funeral by the way. i want you inside. it will make up the numbers and you'll get on with my uncle ron
@wbcsays: why not use ur pull w brits to get #wbc ban lifted" &lt; i'm trying to get rabies reintroduced first. you're on my to do list tho :)
@bizzy_meg :) cheers
@shannon1027 thank you
thanks to the mighty @hollywood_com for this lovely review of derek on @netflix
@memcave :) thank you
bath vid iii: happy halloween
a group of dwarves in school uniform just tricked me out of 10 worth of sweets. bastards. i'm not answering the door again.
@jrubenking thank you
david brent and foregone conclusion play colston hall, bristol on dec 16th. tickets go on sale tomorrow at 10am
halloween: the lazy pedophile's best day of the year.
dear paranoid people, you are not mad. i know someone who really is going to murder you.
i'm here for my amusement, not yours. rt to raise awareness.
please don't worship me. i'm just an ordinary guy, with lots of followers trying to spread my message. sort of like jesus christ i guess.
remember, you are special and unique.
just like every other knob head on here.
have a great day.
slightly altered my profile pic for halloween
(via @lordnetsua)
@shurvinton1 thank you
@gervaisfanart: #derekdvd contest. entry by @sebhill74
@gervaisfanart: #derekdvd contest. entry by @idiotnotabroad
i'm blown away by some of these fan made adverts and posters for the derek dvd competition.you genius twonks you!
moggy cyrus
@jordanpearson24 :)
a new phenomenon. 
the bath vid...
@b0ringtweets to briefly sum up my reaction: i am laughing out loud whilst rolling around the floor.
@b0ringtweets i haven't noticed that before but now i know i'll let you know if it makes me laugh next time i see it.
@vonfuncycle3rd thank you
@b0ringtweets i'm sort of half sitting, half laying down. on a sofa.
@b0ringtweets on a chair?
@jamesmoran :)
bath pic
someone said to me today "i can never think of anything important or interesting to say on twitter." i told them to really not worry.
remember, the real challenge is being kind to people who don't really deserve it. have a great day.
i'm trying to ban the word zombie as it is suddenly offensive. from now on use the term "lifely challenged people"
@perezhilton cheers :)
if you don't understand why i love twitter so much, you could well be one of the reasons. haha.
please stop asking me why i make fun of religion. i've told you so many times: because it's fucking mental. now you never have to ask again.
there just aren't enough talent shows around. we need more generic singers!
remember kids, if at first you don't succeed, remove all evidence that you ever tried in the first place.
so much love from canada for derek on @netflix_ca thank you. proud to be half canadian myself too. (it's where i get my great looks from)
it's a foregone conclusion that david brent will be one of the biggest rock acts of 2014
remember, don't sit around feeling sorry for yourself. because no one gives a fuck.
there's a misconception that money automatically brings you happiness. it doesn't. only shit loads of money brings you happiness :)
david brent and foregone conclusion will play colston hall, bristol on dec 16th. tickets go on sale friday at 10am from
@harry_styles: just dropped my phone on my face. bath pics are tricky right?
@geofflloyd: going to play a bunch of lou reed records on the radio at 8pm. let me know anything you want to hear. satellite of love.
rip lou reed. one of the greatest artists of our time.
the easiest way to get retweeted to over 5 million people is to design a poster advertising the new derek dvd
ha! just had a flu jab in time to visit the nest of germs that are my nieces and nephews
@conlelo thank you
@jofletcher3 thank you
to coincide with the uk dvd release of derek on november 11th, karl pilkington was interviewed by james rampton
look, another one...
@oc what a wonderful art competition for blue peter that would be.
even though halloween is meant to be about dressing up as scary evil monsters, people still complain if you go as hitler or jimmy savile.
"ghost town" bloopers
@kirsten_marie94 cheers
@mattlamb11 thank you
@planetyorkie thank you
@itskbang :) thank you
@worryingoap that's brilliant. you can sleep easy.
@chrisfinch231 geoff capes couldn't throw a kettle over this mate :)
this is my place in manhattan. do pop round. there is a tiny chance my security may shoot you if you look mental tho
@unfamouschris:  derek hasn't been painted on the sides of buses yet? i'd re-evaluate your level of fame pronto.
i fucking love new york.
@cgumbs: atheism is just as ridiculous a belief as any religion. let ppl have their faith. we'll know who's right one day or we won't lol
what will it feel like after you die? exactly the same as it felt for those billions of years before you were born. enjoy this wonderful gap
@ditzkoff that's the very first thing i thought of too. beautiful.
i reckon zombies are grumpy all the time because they only eat red meat. they must be constipated for eternity.
r.i.p the brilliant marcia wallace who played edna krabappel in the simpsons.
trying to reply to all your lovely tweets about derek. they warm the cockles of my heart. one actually warmed the heart of my cockles.
@bugglej @belikederek @netflix cheers
@natepribble you're safe
my favourite thing about tweets is that they always annoy the exact people they're meant to. like gorp-seeking missiles.
"netflix stocks soar. service passes hbo" (via @sfgate)
i endlessly plug my own work, bash religion, love animals more than people and offend the offended. please rt to raise awareness.
david brent and foregone conclusion performing "lady gypsy"
@stevenforbes2 cheers
@mege0410 thanks
@jaypo1 :)
@maniacalmaggie @derektvshow @belikederek thank you
@helkelloc cheers
@jonniefarrell cheers
@ohitsanaagain :)
@paulahisel :)
@fingers_of thank you
@worldwarsam @derektvshow thank you
@hta_hipster @netflix thank you
@luxgurl007 thank you
@lexandterry cheers
@catemarybain :)
@robinmahler1 thank you
@naomi_price thank you
david brent and foregone conclusion performing "lady gypsy"
@daniellebonica thank you
@turbobenji :)
@dannyboy1918 cheers
@andrewschlussel thanks for spreading the word :)
@littledannyv cheers
@georgemurphy3 thank you
@tomcliffe96 cheers
@the_scourt thank you
@mrmsimms88 they won't think so
that's my family's christmas presents sorted...
@holliematthews0 thank you
@slampoetrachel thank you
@essentialalex :)
david brent and foregone conclusion performing "lady gypsy" 

as promised, i will do one more gig this year as brent. in bristol. i will announce the date, venue and how to get tickets on monday. biddly
@amycchan cheers
@officerjennyg thank you
@jonj17 thank you
@g_letigre thank you
@b0ringtweets has he ever been to a real asylum?
@apkaneinsure cheers
@stareatbooks loved the review. (it's "lady gypsy" by the way :)
@dougfromaus thank you
@niamhbg cheers
wtf is going on here? #derekrehearsals
@jessicawalshe cheers
@mor_negri thank you
that awkward moment when you realise you've started a tweet with 'that awkward moment" like so many other dick heads.
@capetownmusings :)
@sammyslater thank you
remember, being healthy is basically dying as slowly as possible.
the horse basically invented the mohawk hair cut.
@daniellelannon :)
a freudian slip is when you say something by mistake that gives away what you were really wanking about. i mean, thinking about.
@b0ringtweets i've done something similar except it was friday and i thought it was saturday. have you got any other days wrong before?
jealousy is like emotional self harm
here's a little blog i did about creativity
ol brasil, eu te amo. obrigado por assistir derek no @netflixbrasil
@mihine17 :)
@mikewazza thank you
@eloiserebecca @derektvshow cheers
@crowden89 cheers
@b0ringtweets luckily, i've never missed a call from anyone that famous. i don't think i'd ever get over that.
goodnight world
amazing night at bloomsbury theatre. thanks to the most brilliant crowd. brent's best day ever!
if you can find it in your heart to help or even just rt this, that would be lovely
remember, no one can hurt your feelings without your permission.
remember that booze is slowly killing your brain cells. which is perfect for me as i'm in no hurry.
if you enjoy seeing an animal terrified or in pain you are a cunt.
@swearingclock i decided it was fucking time to follow you, you cunt.
remember, when someone says "you've changed", it usually just means you've stopped living your life their way.
@gervaisfanart @hollidee @kerryagodliman @charlietantrum cheers
@b0ringtweets one man?
@b0ringtweets i haven't. i'm still trying not to think about it. i don't know what to do. if i answer will that stop me thinking about it?
fantastic read-through of derek series 2 today with the cast. we even replaced the glasses dougie lost in the sea...
david brent soundboard
when people say "all u do on twitter is plug your shows, slam religion and rt charities," i say "you forgot bath pics"
read through of derek series 2 scripts this morning then rehearsals all week.
my lovely canadians, if you haven't watched #derek yet, watch it tonight on @netflix_ca
@b0ringtweets i hope you aren't disturbing the neighbours. how loudly are you tapping?
because i've been trying to reply to all your comments about derek i have a tweet count of over 10,000. this makes me look like a maniac :)
rehearsals all next week for derek series 2. 
and another david brent gig at bloomsbury theatre. 
i'm a very lucky boy.
i love people on twitter and forums and blogs who "know" stuff. because they "think" it, it becomes an internet "fact". haha
derek is a netflix original but was shown on c4 first. it's a co promotion. like extras was a co promotion for hbo but shown on bbc first.
@viner86: you'd think with all your money you would sort your teeth out. &lt; with all my money i don't need to impress anybody.
experience what a document feels like as it goes through a shredder by trying to put my cat in her carrying case for a trip to the vets.
smile..
@b0ringtweets we agree on that but what are your thoughts on brown bread being used for toast?
@kevin_healey but you leaving twitter won't necessarily stop them doing that. let them just get bored and live out their unhappy lives.
@kevin_healey i know. it's awful and pathetic but you have 150,00 followers. who's reading their dumb tweets? no one.
@ronniesmith216 thank you
@mflannery1967 thank you
@kevin_healey kevin, ignore them. they are nothing compared to you. stay on twitter, do your thing and block idiots. have a nice day.
i believe that god made me better than you for a reason. please respect my deeply held religious beliefs. thank you.
@bathabbeybells heading back to london now i'm afraid. thank you though :)
@ian_radisich cheers
i'm thinking of buying the beautiful city of bath. but don't worry, i probably won't change a thing :)
@lottiejade :) cheers
oedipus had his faults, but at least he loved his mum.
the most annoying thing about racist, sexist, homophobic people is, they're always too stupid to realise just how shit they are.
@opposite_boy: i don't have any memes but here's a serious one of me, my wife and son
@drexl_666:  made this last week. best dougie line haha
@b0ringtweets you're a hedonist.
surely, even "minge cream" would be a less embarrassing thing to ask for in a pharmacy than vagisil?
pottering round bath. without question one of the smartest, most interesting and consistently beautiful cities in england. gorgeous.
is it compulsory now for all uk single releases to sound a bit like mumford and sons?
@sonofgod33ad yolnever :)
all dogs are basically good. your treatment of them determines whether they stay that way or not. it's the same with people.
@verheem haha. cheers
@bernadettejiwa probably that everyone needs love.
i wish more people understood stuff.
ooh chimpanzee that! monkey news....racist!!!
22 lessons we can learn from derek
i think we should ban all words. particularly jokes. they seem to be the thing that incite most outrage. solved.
loving all your kindness/#derekstories you're sending to @gervaisquotes. inspiring. keep up the good work.
@sjhump05: @gervaisquotes  we now do visits to our local nursing home/high care centre with our dogs.
#ff @themayhew @bdch @alldogsmatter @rspca_official @peteregan6 @pupaid the dog squad :)
@mrdoodyhead take the hood off and speak in a less scary voice :)
night twonks
ol brasil, eu te amo. obrigado por assistir derek no @netflixbrasil
thank you north america for falling in love with derek. 
if you haven't seen it, here's the trailer
just put some finishing touches to the muppet movie, it's looking fantastic. i am a very lucky boy.
my so called "friend" @jerryseinfeld, frightening me for his own amusement. and yours
let cats know it's your garden by regularly urinating along the boundary.
@b0ringtweets only in certain situations: a leaky roof, milking a cow and throwing my guts up with food poisoning from the comfort of my bed.
@b0ringtweets no, but it's on my bucket list.
22 lessons we can learn from derek
@rockygervase canadian transport. he used to deliver tanks to the front line. mental.
order derek on dvd now
@hsterricker @derektvshow @mrdereknoakes wonderful
ol brasil, eu te amo. obrigado por assistir derek no @netflixbrasil
it's approximately friday.
@jerseyduke thank you
@pelkfu cheers
@kels_eanne :)
@sfrodo thank you :)
@erik_clausen thanks for spreading the word :)
@mattsibson it's nearly kev's "dicky bird"
@alansimpson:  in canada, we know who epitomizes the term "boss".
please watch this and rt if you laugh. be honest
@b0ringtweets aw damn. i'm busy in november. and every month after that, for the rest of my life, unfortunately.
@bigdaddybuffalo thanks for spreading the word :)
@jellyvisionlive @netflix thanks for spreading the word :)
i am honestly overwhelmed by the love for derek from all over the world. i've never had a reaction like it and it's heartwarming. thank you :)
@crownprincessmm haha. thank you.
can't believe the crown princess  of norway sent derek a message. unbelievable.
uk derek fans can now order the dvd here
just launched a little competition over at
@joedotie: pic: so ricky gervais has gone and got himself ripped. really ripped.
@b0ringtweets have you ever looked at an old photograph of yourself and found the fact that fashion had changed amusing?
@eggsideburns @davidearlxxx he gets into outsider art in a big way in series 2.
@jakeymck: at what point during filming did you choose the music? its stunning. now i have the album :) all during the writing stage :)
@s_hoare derek is a much better dancer than me as he's not embarrassed like i am :)
@gabescool: @davidearlxxx so is writing on crabs a british thing or your idea? #askderek &lt; purely a kev thing. haha
@catstink: do you like playing derek?  #askderek &lt; more than anything in the world. i'd like to be derek permanently actually. haha
@amy2797:  how much of yourself do you see in derek? not as much as i'd like. he's better than me :)
@ts3ljwal to show that we misjudge people. everyone feels pain, even if we like to think they don't.
@owlsnest44:  why are you so awesome?  #askderek &lt; i don't have an answer, i just want everyone to see the question.
@richnairn:  did you go to @davidbrent's show last night?"  &lt; couldn't get a ticket. i heard it was fucking amazing though.
@amosborne11:#askderek what was your favorite scene to film? kev shitting himself took about 30 takes from laughing so probably that :)
@kingdzbws haha. 50:50
@ryancaseybooks yes. originally it was going to be about autograph hunters but i thought a care home would emphasis the theme of kindness.
@judylives:  who is the actor who plays kevin?? #brilliant &lt; @davidearlxxx he was nothing before i discovered him...in a ditch.
@jbernal90: what did the older people think of the show? they loved it. and they all put their best frocks on for the wrap party :)
@sweettale4u:  will derek see more of his dad? #askderek yes. whoops.. spoiler alert: yes :)
@a_d_field: #askderek  do you plan ahead the finale before you start writing the season? nearly always. need to know where it's aiming.
@patrickkeltron: are karl's lines scripted or is he doing improv?  #askderek @belikederek &lt; scripted. but then anything could happen :)
@damolee123 @kerryagodliman @davidearlxxx @brettgoldstein @hollidee i've never thought anything i've done would be a massive hit :)
@clhenri i guess the fact that is was so different was part of the attraction. that and the fact that its nice to play a hero now and again :)
@worldofbecca @hollidee @brettgoldstein @kerryagodliman @davidearlxxx exhausting. the moaning isn't an act :)
@wesley_anthony any time i've ever had to cry i've done it in one take. after that you feel better :)
@cjrousee: #askderek  will there be a series two anytime soon? &lt; yes. next spring. (depending on where you are in the world :)
@pilkipedia cheers
amazing reviews for our first ever gig. just working on making it longer now with lots more banter so i can put the price up ;) #brent
@b0ringtweets how much stuff?
@rovejero81 yes. next spring :)
@sameyes @docbrown88 cheers
happy thanksgiving canada. the land of my forefathers.
@b0ringtweets do you ever get thirsty and then drink something?
@b0ringtweets eating it should definitely make you feel less hungry. is that the plan?
@b0ringtweets yes. it's a very popular brand of lager. and the lemonade?
@b0ringtweets i bet ian saw the funny side of it.
@b0ringtweets what brand of lager was it?
get treated like a king when you do volunteer work by turning up the first day with a cameraman so they think you're secret millionaire.
@b0ringtweets have you ever grown a moustache, worn tight shorts and hung out with a man-servant?
@b0ringtweets have you ever considered private detective work?
@b0ringtweets who do you think called him?
@b0ringtweets at what point did you realise that it wasn't your phone?
ignorance might be bliss for the ignorant, but for the rest of us it's a right fucking pain in the arse :)
@shemu5ic @pamphlet_mag my pleasure. and thank you
i'm slightly jealous of @richarddawkins. some of his followers are even more delightfully stupid and entertaining than the worst of mine.
idiots treat jokes about bad things with the same disgust that smart people treat the actual bad things that the jokes are satirising.
@hannebal cheers :)
@gammaatheist :)
@fizzymartian thank you
@maggielawler a chimp in a cardigan.
i'm lying on the couch watching columbo with the cat on me, and i'm answering your derek questions on twitter.
#perfectsunday
i promise i do read all your lovely comments about derek. slowly replying to all of you. i'd like to rt them all but i hate to show off ;)
just bought a cheap umbrella and it's rubbish. i wish these kids in third world sweatshops would take a little more pride in their work.
@b0ringtweets i wonder in which months of the year they actually filmed may to december?
@b0ringtweets what do you think was their breaking point, in your opinion?
have a great night twonks
@michaeldonegan2: still my favourite quote ricky
the bible is as true now as it was when it was written.
@cynical_bear cheers
people have every right to tell you when they are offended. and you have every right to not give a fuck.
@saltmarshchris cheers. he just wants attention. so i blocked him. haha
@markleecurtis just because you're offended doesn't mean you're right. some people are offended by mixed marriage or being gay etc. fuck 'em
@b0ringtweets depends on the bread. what setting would you use if you were committing suicide by throwing the toaster in the bath?
@b0ringtweets that will increase the intensity of the heat so don't be surprised if the toast comes out slightly darker.
i'm slowly replying to your lovely comments about #derek. i'd  actually love to rt them all but as you know i'm not one for showing off :)
@waynemaguire777 amazing
@genesiselijah imagine being at that marketing meeting.
"i love you and i'm giving you free will so you can love me back or else i'll kill you" -god
this is brilliant
@nme: the rolling stones planning a 2014 world tour?
@b0ringtweets many times. and vice versa unfortunately! lol
i block people who are offended by my tweets because their offence offends me. it's what they should have done first to be honest.
people don't like it when you change. even if that change is making your life better, they don't like it because a little piece of them dies
@b0ringtweets what sort of printer was it?
#ff @b0ringtweets because he's been to peterborough and he saw a cat once.
#ff @thetweetofgod because although he's not the only god, he certainly is the funniest, angriest and most spiteful :)
dear terrorist suicide bombers, apparently you still get to heaven and shit if you just go into a field and only blow yourself up. go for it!
@zooeylander thank you
@lethalluke1993 @aaronpaul_8 agreed
11 of my followers will die tonight. hope it's not you. in case it is, thanks for following :)
@b0ringtweets he did. a really big guy with a beard in the hostel who took a shine to him made him watch it one night.
@b0ringtweets no. that's the tragedy. he had a 48 incher which he lost in the divorce. luckily he was already homeless by then anyway.
@adrianbriggs haha
@b0ringtweets it was one of his favourite films when he had a wife and a tv.
dear intelligent people of the world, don't get shampoo in your eyes. 
it really stings. 
there. done. 
now fucking stop torturing animals.
@b0ringtweets christmas time
@b0ringtweets up to a point and then they'll start drawing out again.
@b0ringtweets i didn't know that no. in fact, i've forgotten it already.
@b0ringtweets thanks. it's great that you never give me too little information.
@worryingoap @gervaisaholics :)
@b0ringtweets i've just heard about this. are you feeling better now?
my ambition is to one day succeed in mocking religion better than religion does..

whenever i tweet about a girl getting shot in the head or rabbis sucking off babies,  someone always asks "why do you mock religion?" haha.
@primanirules: @mrdereknoakes  world peace
twice a year, the sun aligns perfectly with the streets of new york, creating a phenomenon known as manhattenhenge.
a little q and a about charity
rt if, like me, you think i am absolutely brilliant. 
or favourite for genius.
@xsuperxsxyx :)
@a_beard_in_hand @marcmichelvc thank you
i wrote a little piece about derek which hopefully answers some of your questions
happy independence day sapiens! our human lineage diverged from that of chimpanzees 5 million years ago. have a lovely upright wednesday.
it's just twitter. honestly, don't worry about it too much.
@mrozatheist technically that is indeed outside london but it's more outside london than i was planning just at the moment :)
telling someone who doesn't even know you exist that you are unfollowing them is like gate crashing a party and shouting "i'm leaving"
i'm grateful that so many people don't understand things or think before they tweet. it makes my job so much easier.
@worryingoap perfect
congrats higgs boson team on the nobel prize for discovering how the universe works. i wonder if they thanked god in their speech? haha.
could anyone who talks to jesus please let me know what accent he has?
@secularbloke only that someone has got a bit carried away as usual.
about 156,000 people will die today. be nice to everyone you meet just in case. have a lovely tuesday you wonderful great apes.
@__princessdrew:  #textswithgran #exceptitsmydad
@snooglebanger:  @belikederek sheer confusion
@plantagenista:  my grandma rocking the text talk #textswithgran
@mcbroomifer:  elder wisdom is a big deal in our family. #textswithgran @belikederek
i love all of your nans. hilarious. sweet. wise. keep 'em coming. @belikederek. #textswithgran
this is proving to be my favourite hash tag game ever #textswithgran
@themikeyc9 enjoy :)
let's find out who's got the wisest or daftest nan. haha @belikederek. #textswithgran
don't forget to take everything i say personally.
@b0ringtweets nothing specific but in general i like the fact that there are no surprises.
you can have your own opinions, but you can't have your own facts.
some people are offended by facts.
@pippilou91 thank you
being offended provides no objective indication of "right" and "wrong". it's nothing more than a barometer of your own emotional control.
i'm offended. call the police.
@shonakelday @aaronpaul_8 cheers
@b0ringtweets have you ever seen such a beautiful example of a linear relationship graph? 

@leehowardartist it sounds like astrology is perfect for them then :)
@jessiecoote you should've thought of that....
@carleneashby thanks
@three_names thanks for spreading the word :)
@geekigirl cheers
@opposite_boy :)
@zachbraff: yes! i love you! come over and be my friend.&lt; i'm not one to boast but i already have 3 friends.
@curious3d:  let's not forget mass. gravity would be nothing without mass." &lt;good point. and where would light be without eyes? nowhere!
i'm ok with the theory of gravity being taught in schools as long as the truth: "god's sucky planet magic" is taught first.
@isorel @gervaisfanart cheers
it's fantastic to see so many people finally tweeting about how good gravity is. 
let's hear it for light too!
@zachbraff are you talking to me?
@shueyjohn cheers
@alycatt_xx haha cheers
@filiphellgren tack
@chrispye52 cheers
@chadj0hns0n @netflix thank you
@tugboatnewport @netflix thank you
@tlbjames :)
@giuseppenorris thank you
@kellykellykelsa thank you. keep spreading the word :)
@buffooneryman @netflix thank you
@mollythewinedog cheers
@jessalyn22 @netflix cheers
@mattyk1985 thank you
@joem_allen @netflix cheers
such lovely comments flooding in from us and canada about #derek. thanks for spreading the word. (it's on @netflix if you haven't seen it :)
@b0ringtweets what number bus was it?
@thomasandrewelv thanks
@b0ringtweets was it *aids?

*pardon my french
@b0ringtweets i don't think you should find a friend's bowel problems amusing. even if his name is eric. or peabody.
@b0ringtweets i didn't have a 21st birthday party. i sometimes think i'm living vicariously through your tweets.
@erinproberts cheers
@kylip1 @netflix cheers
@redbeard76 keep spreading the word :)
@t_perkins86 @kerryagodliman thank you and happy birthday.
night twonks
americas, (north, south and central) watch #derek tonight on @netflix or the kitten gets it!
@alightinside keep spreading the word :)
@gina_fragola keep spreading the word :)
@welcomemattv haha
@josesmitz @derektvshow keep spreading the word :)
@scotbrading haha
@nataliemcqueen keep spreading the word :)
pile driving miss daisy #addawordruinamovie
@realjimpiddock :)
eat, pray. love cock 
#addawordruinamovie
three men and a dead baby 
#addawordruinamovie
the hilarious helen keller story #addawordruinamovie
the greatest fictional story ever told #addawordruinamovie
night twonks.
really hope this doesn't escalate
@block145 thanks for spreading the word
@queenofgorelol: just a friendly reminder that @rickygervais is actually a very lovely person
uberfact: 78% of people take twitter way too seriously.
@thesoup hahaha
@debnbed @greggrunberg @yahootv @netflix thank you
@greggrunberg @netflix hey man!  cheers.
@jamesknill haha yes
@mrordinaryslife haha
@amypondr haha
rt if you want to annoy people who don't follow me.
@b0ringtweets if you had to, would you rather listen to a whole album by paul potts or pol pot?
@b0ringtweets my 2nd favourite genesis splinter solo album behind tony banks' "banks statement"
@b0ringtweets it was 1985. pretty sure the statute of limitations on pastry fraud is 20 years.
@misterich: i didn't know you worked on @thesimpsons &lt; i don't like to show off. did i mention my award for derek?
@b0ringtweets no. but when i was unemployed i used to change price tags on pies and chickens in my local safeway. i made my own vouchers.
@b0ringtweets you don't miss a trick do you? i'm guessing you have a coupon drawer.
if man evolved to use tools, then why are there still monkey wrenches? take that atheists!
@unnamedinsider *reaches for monkey wrench
@tanya278 thanks
@bradles76 :)
i'm dressed as hitler and twerking like a pedophile because frank sinatra was my dad and he hated britain. #newsroundup
rt if sometimes you wish that your block button could cause internal bleeding.
@_louiseann @derektvshow good work
@lil_metal_chick @derektvshow  cheers
@katherinewithak @derektvshow :)
@jaredgunthorpe @derektvshow :)
@deanmckinney3 thank you
@snowy10101 @derektvshow enjoy :)
@the1andonlyjer @netflix @kerryagodliman :) keep spreading the word
@bdoginv  :)
@kairneyclegg :) keep spreading the word
@samanthaisfree @belikederek :) keep spreading the word
a lovely little piece about derek and kindness
@michaelaistrup @netflix thanks for spreading the word
@cormelino @davidbrentmusic i will. i love ireland. always the best gig of the tour.
@sofiabluestar thank you. keep spreading the word :)
over 90,000 enquiries for brent tickets so far. about 8 wembley arenas. haha. ridiculous.
actually, after today's rehearsal, i think 1000 is a fair price to see foregone conclusion ;)
@jasonetorres radiohead :)
@ripeinc cheers. keep spreading the word!
@flannerybabay keep spreading the word :)
rehearsals..
me, chatting about jokes and rude words
@moyes_must_go back at ya!
there are only 2 good reasons for calling someone a cunt...1. if you really mean it. and 2. if you don't really mean it. enjoy.
@agaudiosi keep spreading the word :)
i'm happy to say that most people around the world get it now, but just in case, here's a little thing i wrote
happy 25th birthday @itvthismorning. without you i would never have realised i was wearing the wrong bra.
@b0ringtweets you talk to people at bus stops don't you.
@b0ringtweets i once saw blakey from on the buses. he was signing autographs at newbury show and he was wearing the uniform and everything.
#derek on religion. rt if you agree with him.
@b0ringtweets i wonder who the first person was to think "i may drink the juice from that cows udder"
entries for the #brentcompetition are flooding in and some are amazing. 

here's a little piece i wrote about creativity
win free tickets to see david brent and foregone conclusion live at the bloomsbury theatre
i really try to answer all your lovely comments about #derek but my twitter is very busy. my tl looks like god's in box during award season.
the uk can watch derek on 4od or get it on dvd with all the lovely bonus material
@b0ringtweets will you use it for tea and cereal?
his name was tommy willis and he once tried to cover a fart with a cough but coughed way too early.
my grandad had a mate who use to use real glue to keep his wig on in case someone challenged him about it and he'd say "pull it" haha.
@b0ringtweets do you ever get lonely?
@b0ringtweets no he did it by conning people- having an advert in the yellow pages that said emergency plumber then charging people double.
@b0ringtweets a millionaire plumber called bryan nash.
@b0ringtweets yes. martin beasley had a cupboard with medals in that he called a museum. he would charge his parents 5p to look around it.
@lesdennis @charlietantrum @fatbarryshaunw cheers. heard you and warwick are fantastic in spamalot too.
a new item has been added to my bucket list...end animal cruelty, separate state and church, increase peace and kindness, destroy all touts.
@b0ringtweets agreed. the trunk is too disorganised and inconvenient and the shelf is too open. the cupboard solves both problems for me.
being kind not only helps others but helps you too. it makes you feel good which boosts your immune system. #kindnessismagic
@jayalexanderr_ keep spreading the word :)
@keithpnolan:  any chance of any extra dates being added?they sold out quicker than @onedirection tickets" &lt; let's see how these gigs go :)
@julesshawuk: 3549.95 for three brent tickets!!! #brent #rickygervais
@charliericho1:  went on at 10.02am and there were no more. add more dates? but i told you 10am.
ok, so apparently, the brent tickets sold out in under a minute. how is that even possible? sorry.
tickets on sale....3..2..1.....now!
teacher, @jackismet saying goodbye to her students. absolutely wonderful
@xxpoisongirlxxx thanks for spreading the word :)
@awmaniscalco thank you. keep spreading the word :)
@tsmo keep spreading the word :)
@b0ringtweets am i wrong in assuming that your idea of heaven would be working as a  st, john's ambulance volunteer at an air show?
@b0ringtweets i haven't. no. you have though, haven't you.
@kimkierkegaard @davidbrent next year :)
@rambolinda thank you
@munoz99s :)
@tareqaqqad: @rickygervais got my vote on the top 49 most influential men of 2013
@vice_is_hip: we secretly filmed ricky gervais desperately praying to god for forgiveness &lt; it's true. i'm sorry
fyi the brilliant @docbrown88 will be joining david brent on stage live. so it will be mega racial but anti racist
@richardosman: vote for #pointless in the national television awards
@klout: with your score of 90, you're in our top 1%.
@nujb:  you're at 90. tied with his holiness the dalai lama. :) hahaha
@r36d06:  it measures your twonkiness. i must be high then, surely?
what the fuck is a klout score?
this is where you can book tickets for david brent and forgone conclusion at the bloomsbury theatre 
@thats_kimtastic @netflix thank you
@thefakebjboothe cheers
@agirlwithauke @derektvshow @netflix thanks for spreading the word.
netflix accounts for a third of us internet traffic. derek was the most watched tv show on netflix last week. you do the math. i mean maths.
@realdeanmcbain thank you. i think.
foregone conclusion will be playing london's bloomsbury theatre on the 14th and 23rd of october. tickets go on sale tuesday at 10am. good luck
this is the project i featured in derek where animals visit care homes and hospices. beautiful
hurray, it's monday!!!!!
@elizabethnshin thank you
@nickdaviez next spring ;)
peace
america! to come down after the breaking bad finale, why not watch #derek on @netflix @aaronpaul_8 @bryancranston
if you sing barry manilow's "mandy", but change it to "gandhi", it's even better.
"oh, gandhi, well you came and you gave without taking" see?
@guyfarmer1978: look what i found near brooklyn bridge! last thing i thought i'd see as a brit on a nyc trip
with forgone conclusion on the road, the muppet movie coming soon, and derek season 2 about to be filmed this could be my bestest year ever.
@meakinator thank you
@judymraz :)
.@robinince god didn't make shrimp. it was their choice. disgusting.
@darthqueeg: @uberfacts it's shrimpy and eve not shrimpy and steve exactly. anything else is prawnographic.
i'm never going to get bored with all you wonderful comments about #derek. my time line reads like some new world cult of kindness. haha
haha. @buzzfeed have done a list for derek!
loving all your #ilovederekbecause tweets. cheers.
wow. thank you @netflix users for giving derek an average rating of 4. amazing
reading reviews is a dangerous pastime for people in the public eye, but these just made my day. thank you twonks. 

#ilovederekbecause he likes strong cuddling
rt, if, like me, you do an awful lot for charity but don't like to publicise the fact.
@livinveg @justinbieber @ecorazzi ok, you can carry on.
@justinbieber the only people reading this tweet are those who follow both ricky gervais and justin bieber. please explain yourself.
@gervaisfanart:  hey ricky have you seen the @davidbrent posters created by fans?
@sneill74 @posteritty thank you :)
@jimmy___b cheers
@ladywriterldn thank you
this message from @davidbrent features a tiny clip of his new song "lady gypsy". let me know what you think
@jameygillespie cheers
@beerduffman thank you
@millertomcat agreed
@analialang cheers
@jmclachlan09 exactly :)
@b0ringtweets don't think so. who called, just when you had completed the underling?
@gogus72 @netflix cheers
@b0ringtweets what were you underlining?
@lackimpulsecont cheers
this is the project i featured in #derek where animals visit care homes as therapy. please support
@b0ringtweets did anyone notice?
because you are all so lovely you deserve a gift. here.....
@seanamusprime cheers
@dansballofwax haha. cheers
i am so excited about doing a couple of few foregone conclusion gigs. details will be by @davidbrent on sunday.
@ts3ljwal @netflix thank you
@addverbaan thank you
@imartymcfly @netflix cheers
@gazzaashford @netflix next spring :)
@glynnbusson cheers
@amorychild thank you
do you like laughing and then crying? good. then please watch #derek on @netflix
thanks australia for your lovely comments about #derek.
@duncanbannatyne what a great episode of dragon's den that pitch would have made. haha.
@sabo_tage: saw #derek on netflix. @rickygervais  did more in 7 episodes than most shows can do in 5 seasons wow. thank you.
@jdelerud @derektvshow thank you
@dirtypierat cheers
@pantherinae2 cheers
"i'm not a failure because i didn't succeed. i'm a failure because i didn't try."
 #derek
@gervaisfanart: david brent and gareth #breakingbad #theoffice
a lot of anticipation for the series finale of #derek coming from my australian twonks. hope it doesn't disappoint. 10pm, abc1
live fast or die old trying 
#bestofbrent
my cat has just got stoned on cat nip and is just sitting staring at me now. haha.
"i like you as #derek because  he's lovely and he dresses better than you." my 5 year old great niece. haha. send me your kids' reviews.
.@jtimberlake and i, a bit drunk, lying on the floor doing a dry bath pic. normal. brent collaboration?
@mrswoodinpa :)
@lesliebulion :)
@michaelianblack: "six words that mean you're lying" - #sixlies starting in seven minutes. &lt; now i'm not a racist, but
@sweet_cheeses thank you
@bcray working on it :)
@boydhilton:  and different coloured stars! #equalitystreet
@boydhilton imagine how arty it would be if they ranked things out of 6. 20% extra!
@b0ringtweets have you heard anything about this?
here's a little piece i wrote about creativity
boom, boom, boom, let me hear you say wayo...
@laurenmufc20 thank you
here is the first sneaky peek of the poster for the foregone conclusion gigs, with all the vital info missing.....
thanks for all the tweets and glowing reviews for #derek. never had a reaction like it. such an amazing high as i start production on series 2
@b0ringtweets i really didn't have time to identify it and i wouldn't want to guess.  i'm losing a lot of blood at the moment.
@b0ringtweets i didn't keep a diary of that, i'm afraid. i hate to brag but i was probably doing other things.
@b0ringtweets i've gone without bananas before so it's really not that big a problem.
@b0ringtweets 2, maybe? i really haven't made a hard and fast rule to be honest.
@b0ringtweets i have a thing just for hanging bananas on in the kitchen.
@b0ringtweets you know what? i really can't remember. i know it was a little treat though, so i didn't care about the cost too much.
@b0ringtweets i haven't, no. i bought a scotch egg once and just ate the egg.
@b0ringtweets not until now actually. would you erase every episode of doc martin from your sky plus if it meant an end to famine?
free will : that thing that god gave us so that we could do what we want and then he could punish us for not doing what we were told.
here i am on jimmy fallon answering your questions
@aaronpaul_8 thank you. you're amazing.
feel free to vote for derek to win a national tv award
furry alarm clock for sale. wakes you up at about 8am every morning when it's hungry by sniffing your eye...
@michaelianblack thank you so much.
@piersmorgan don't get me started.
@piersmorgan i'm beginning to think you say things just to get abuse on twitter. it's an odd fetish, but whatever floats your boat.
@piersmorgan "a clarkson broken finger" sounds like some awful public school euphemism. much scarier than violence.
@piersmorgan i've told you before.... a posh bloke in a pink tie can never sound intimidating.
@dalerandlr: "piss of gervais?"  "blood of christ?"  i fail to see any common ground between the two." &lt; they both start out as wine?
@piersmorgan what do you suggest? us fighting to the death would certainly please some.
@finkle0:  piss of gervais &lt; is that like the blood of christ?
@aarondenius cheers
@doclivehalliday cheers
remember, mondays are fine. it's your life that sucks.
@saxonmel cheers
night twonks
@ryanseacrest: getting close #eredcarpet #emmysprep
@moonlightjunkee cheers
@tobyfoster i'd expect that sort of cheap stereotypical language from a pale face.
@kooksey @earth_pics amazing
@lottiemoore:  enjoy these cats loving eachother #kindnessismagic
@dblock843:  would it be copyright  infringement if i wrote kindness is magic on cup while at starbucks?" love that idea. photo please.
@gaslightlaura you're too kind. haha
@hollywills you're forgiven. feel free to use that quote on the dvd. haha.
why do i watch surprise, surprise? it always fucking kills me. i'm a snotty mess again. bollocks.
@b0ringtweets there's got to be a joke there somewhere. haha. i can't think of one though. bet your friend pete could? hahaha.
@tobyfoster i am sick of this casual racism towards my people.
@blue_bear_23:  and it was the iroqouis that gave the us their democratic building blocks &lt; and lacrosse apparently.
@karldavidbaxter: @rickygervais @b0ringtweets  can english and scottish have babies? &lt; yes. that's what a welsh is.
@zen_ronin:  wait!!! so you're canadian too!?!?! yes. my dad was from london, ontario and moved to england to marry my mum.
@b0ringtweets wow. melting pot. it's the kids i feel sorry for though.
i assume i can make native american jokes now, and base my whole stand up act on the funny racism i have been subjected to all my life.
i have just discovered that i am part iroquois. i love that. where my people at? holla back.
thank you so much for reading this and for all your rts
possibly my most important tweet and blog post ever
mum, ricky gervais is threatening my unwavering faith by putting forward his own opinion on his twitter feed which i'm forced to read.
remember to take everything you read on twitter personally and always assume my tweets are aimed at you specifically.
@jaackmaate it's on a comedic par with fake dog shit or mooning.
@gndlf_theorange:  how many awards do you actually have? oh, i don't know. it would be gauche to count. (64)
no one is being forced to read my tweets. unfollow. or i'll block you at the slightest hint of dissatisfaction. i'm helpful like that.
some moron who chose to follow me just tweeted me "change the record". so i did. i blocked the dopey cunt.
i'm sick of atheists indoctrinating young children in every school, and persecuting and killing people who don't hold their beliefs..oh hold on
@maharba77 thank you
thank you for making #brentmused the number 1 trend in the uk last night.
.@wwf happy #worldrhinoday
@b0ringtweets paul weller madness and ruby turner are still up i bet.
@b0ringtweets what time does jules holland's hootenanny finish?
@b0ringtweets don't think many people will be up reading your tweet at this time.
rt if you're proud to be a great ape.
#equalitystreet
@b0ringtweets you know it's after 9 already yeah? i know it's saturday, but why ruin sunday?
some people are threatened by other peoples' empathy for things they don't share. they lash out and deem it wrong to comfort themselves.
those who think money can't buy you happiness are wrong. and the money that's bought me the most happiness were donations to animal charities.
thanks for sharing your kind words and glowing reviews for derek. they're still flooding in and it's heartwarming. trying to reply to all of u
"kindness is the new irony"
a great cover version of davd brent's "slough" by @toroymoi
an interview with @rickygervais @kerryagodliman @davidearlxxx and karl pilkington
@kevin_healey part siamese, part burmese and part rex.
if you're bored, check out some collaborations with larry david, louis ck, seinfeld and elmo on my @youtube channel
@b0ringtweets yes. i've always wondered how they made the 1st sprit level and tested it on a flat surface that was made without a spirit level
why not follow a wonderful charity today like @macmillancancer for example? help in any way you can. #kindnessismagic
@b0ringtweets if you were put on the spot, do you think it was slightly more or slightly less than 16 minutes?
@b0ringtweets if you were put on the spot, do you think it was slightly more or slightly less than 16 minutes?
next time you're on a plane start crying and whisper to the person sitting next you "jesus wants me to kill the pilot" let me know how it goes
@mrsnickyclark how dare you. i don't do any house work. i am a man, not a slut.
can't believe that people haven't realised that ukip is a parody party.
@b0ringtweets i don't. i've been busy lately putting my 732 radio times mags with dr who or top gear on the cover in order of artistic merit
@b0ringtweets haha. what a  *vunt i am. 
*pardon my frenvh
@b0ringtweets sorry for being a bit previous in my last tweet, i've just realised you did answer my precious tweet after all.
@b0ringtweets trevor hand? did he used to work for peterborough council? ask him if he knows a human resources manager called sid monk.
@b0ringtweets what does that make the average attendance for the year so far?
ok. i feel better now. i've decided to donate 5000 to charity anyway. if no one retweets this. cheers.
for fuck's sake stop retweeting me. if you retweet this you are an absolute fucking mugwangle who deserves to be strapdongled by liberace.
rt if you fucking love twitter
hahaha
oh dear. so close but not close enough.
i will donate 5,000 to charity if no one replies or retweets this. come on. i really feel you've got the hang of this now. good luck.
remember, no one should own a smart phone that is actually smarter than they are. i will start confiscating again if you're not careful.
oh and also, no, i didn't really used to dress up and play internationally famous writer/director comedian when i was little. #ironyfail :)
actually got some people saying my tweet about champagne on private jets wasn't very relatable. haha. that was sort of the joke, dear twonks
have you noticed most private jets stock bollinger instead of dom perignon. what's up with that? #observationalcomedy
don't question why, just #ff @thetweetofgod
it's so weird thinking back to when i was 8 years old and i used to dress up and play "internationally famous writer/director comedian"
@shelleyengland2 @janefallon @jenny78germany thank you
@worryingoap @morrisons @catsprotection @emmerdale haha cheers
it amazes me that some people prefer negative attention, that proves them to be total morons, to no attention at all that keeps us guessing
@b0ringtweets that's very bad for them. don't you have a shoe *horn? i hate to brag, but i have two. 
*pardon my french.
imagine if you got tickets to the first ever foregone conclusion gig.
haha. @buzzfeed have done a list for derek!
thoughts?
@gervaisfanart:  i just send them this pic of yoda gervais
one last image that you are welcome to post to busy bodies, gorps and losers who whine at you
this might come in useful too for replying to twats who complain who complain about what you tweet about. enjoy
if you're watching derek on netflix, make sure to follow @belikederek and tweet us your favorite episode quotes. surprises may be in store...
thanks to the millions of you who stood by me and love  derek as much as i do. u help me keep my faith in humanity.
those people who slagged off derek before they'd even seen it saying it was cruel have gone a bit quiet. i always love that period :)
@whoispaulcarter brilliant.
"it's a chicken on a keyboard" #derek
a few deleted scenes that didn't make it into the show because we couldn't get through them without laughing
who wore it bestest? rt for harry, fave for gaga (via @belikederek)
to help colorado flood victims call 800-red-cross, or give $10 by texting 'red cross' to 90999
@josescheel:  i voted in holland good luck!
@b0ringtweets i think you could get into the guiness book of world records for having the most fun.
@patphelan: i think derek is the real you, everything else is a front &lt; you can't prove a thing :)
i think derek is nicer than me :)
to help colorado flood victims call 800-red-cross, or give $10 by texting 'red cross' to 90999
night twonks
@bustermutt: i voted in the u.s. &lt; excellent. thank you
ok, let's see your poster ideas for david brent's live gigs with forgone conclusion. get creating, you twitter geniuses :) @gervaisfanart
@b0ringtweets was it a tin of tomato soup?
thank you for voting for derek in the national tv awards.
a few of you have suggested we tell karl we're going to the national tv awards in character but really it's just him. so cruel. i love it.
if derek wins a national tv award i think we should all go along in character. thoughts?
please vote for derek in the comedy category of the national tv awards and i will strong cuddle dermot o'leary
david brent is going to do a couple of very cheap, very low key warm up gigs with forgone conclusion in london this october. stay tuned.
thank you for spreading the word about derek. i honestly never thought it would get such an amazing reaction from everybody. i loves it :)
a few deleted scenes that didn't make it into the show because we couldn't get through them without laughing
@artboulet cheers
remember, we don't stop playing because we grow old, we grow old because we stop playing. night twonks.
haha! ollie, twerking, just like her dad (via @gervaisfanart)
i still can't stop twerking.
@b0ringtweets yes. have you ever just undone your laces and tied them again even though they were fine because you were a bit bored?
.@thetweetofgod u showed me "the list" and i noticed that derek is guaranteed heaven but i'm going to hell for my atheism. how will that work?
@drsusanshaw thank you
@b0ringtweets yes. have you ever tied your shoes at different levels of tightness and had to start again to make them equal?
@b0ringtweets i don't remember all the specific details i'm afraid. my mind must have been on other things since it aired.
@b0ringtweets i hadn't till now but you've really got me thinking.
@b0ringtweets do you remember when people on blockbusters used to say "can i have a p, bob?" lm*ao

*pardon my french
@b0ringtweets do they have bags of soil?
yes, i am using my phone at 30,000 feet. my plane, my rules.
above canadian clouds. they're like any other clouds, except they're a bit nicer.
bye new york. just popping to canada. see you soon. i love you.
here i am on jimmy fallon answering your questions
you twonks are amazing
@jillsells thank you
@b0ringtweets don't be silly. go along and hold your head up high. you made a mistake but you corrected it. i bet pam venison isn't perfect.
@pharaohdizzo thank you
@b0ringtweets even though you lied i am glad that you don't do reckless things and that you told the truth in the end. that takes courage.
i can't believe how many people have already watched derek in one day. incredible. i want to put everything i've ever done on netflix.
@b0ringtweets i haven't no. and i never would. i'm sorry but i find that a little irresponsible and an accident waiting to happen. have you?
@jamiechannell @derektvshow thank you.
@b0ringtweets what sort of bread?
i'd also like to thank all the other fan sites and lovely people who have tweeted about derek. heartwarming. cheers!
#ff @derektvshow @gervaisaholics @gervaisfanart @gervaisvids @gervaisquotes @posteritty @belikederek @gervaisfans for all their support
i told the story of weeing on @janefallon in my sleep on us tv, so she tries to disguise herself as road markings
@homorodans:  derek is just brilliant. saludos desde mxico.  gracias.
all episodes of #derek are now exclusively on @netflix. go here to stream right now and let us know what you think!
@richtee83 thank you
@b0ringtweets did he get a ticket?
@gremlingual @gervaisquotes correct. haha
@i_hay haha
my dear twonks, thank you so much for spreading the word about derek. heartwarming. #kindnessismagic
@burnsmittyburn @twonksluvricky thanks
@samhosford thanks for spreading the word
@b0ringtweets what did they say?
@b0ringtweets what's the best company you've ever hoped people thought you worked for?
@b0ringtweets everyone goes a little crazy at the weekends i guess.
@waterman5 in my case i have to say it didn't make much difference.
@b0ringtweets i'm ashamed to say i have, yes. have you ever just chewed gum for a few minutes till the flavour goes, and then thrown it away?
@b0ringtweets i don't know as i'm not sure what the insurance payout was. i know the family was over the moon with it though.
@b0ringtweets don't feel bad. because he was so young, the insurance money they got more than covered any carpentry they would ever need :)
@b0ringtweets yes. that's the tragedy.
@styx2028  cheers
so much love already for derek on @netflix. thanks for spreading the word. #kindnessismagic
just recorded my 10th appearance on @jimmyfallon. always great fun, but this was probably my favourite ever. watch tonight on @nbc.
@derektvshow: #didyouknow: the pilot episode of #derek won best comedy at the new york short film festival" proof..
@b0ringtweets i'm not surprised. i've never been myself but it must be amazing as so many people choose to live there.
i love new york.
yay! planet earth is the best! 
4.5 billions years of orbiting, cooling and evolving a possible 5 millions species-all related. go team!
@alicegauntlett good for you
@irishliamg:  what if god really exists tho? u got some 'splaining to do!!!! ; ) &lt; not as much as he has though :)
#monkeynews #equalitystreet and #kindnessismagic all in one photo..
@b0ringtweets i haven't, no. you seemed to have lived life always one step ahead of everyone else.
@b0ringtweets do you like looking at all the different vitamins in boots? i do.
@b0ringtweets it was an egg and cress pre packaged sandwich as a light lunch.
i just can't stop twerking today.
@b0ringtweets tottenham court road. it was some packaging to a food product i had just consumed.
@b0ringtweets i think you make your own luck in this world. you must have been a good person to get such perfect doors. windows?
@b0ringtweets i can't ever imagine you running out of great new things to tell us. how many doors does it have? two, i bet. front and back.
@mrsnickyclark cheers
here's the recording of my new york times talk in case you missed it:
@shaderw0t good work
@knopeness thank you
@b0ringtweets brilliant. proves that old saying 'it's who you know" doesn't it?
@b0ringtweets i'm not sure. is there any way you could find out and let me know?
@b0ringtweets i had a cup of tea once in the canteen of the reading branch of bhs.
@b0ringtweets david blaine. just now. new york
@lecosta24 thank you
@b0ringtweets have i ever met someone else wearing a black v neck t shirt? yes.
@b0ringtweets wow. i've never met him but he seems as much fun as you. am i right?
unbelievably wonderful response from the lovely tv critics of us and canada for derek. thank you. i always knew you were a smart bunch :)
@b0ringtweets lol. is there any way he would consider being a contestant on britain's got talent. or a judge. he sounds talented enough.
one of the worst stories i have ever seen, but you really should read it 

glastonbury
with only 3 days to go before derek comes to netflix, get to know the cast by reading this lovely interview
@greatatticuss thank you
@busybeesbooks thank you :)
this is the last in the series of learn guitar with @davidbrent
@unclescothie haha.
@sassy_mcclever cheers
@harryisaleaf haha
@andicus like a huggy mollusc you mean?
@cloud9cupcake haha
@rosshalley you are too kind :)
@thebloopfish yes
@cage_nerd haha
@gervaisaholics:  #mrfuckingt &lt; that could be top.
@fpmcleod haha. i'd love that to trend in america.
@beanmachine109 haha. it's like shakespeare.
@itzcallum that's my favourite scene i think.
@officialandexo:  i'm hoping for #sexpudding &lt; i'm sure you're not the only one :)
@vitalmufc:  #handpumpafterhandpumpafterhandpump hahaha
@markmcan i think you're right.
brits and aussies who have seen derek, what do you think the biggest hashtags will be when it airs in the us. i'm hoping #bloodsausage. haha
@matthew_eddy thank you :)
@elegantecasual thank you :)
i've said this before, but i really do have the best followers in the world. keep up the good work. cheers twonks
on monday at 7pm est, i'll be talking with @ditzkoff about my show #derek - watch here:
it's that guy in the cardigan again
beliefs do not affect facts. but facts should affect beliefs, if you are rational.
@b0ringtweets i reckon toksvig would have the experience but something tells me that perkins would never give up.
@b0ringtweets knowing them they'd persuade her to wear a waistcoat too! hahaha.
@b0ringtweets which arm?
@b0ringtweets mel and sue are funny enough already, but do you ever try to imagine how nutty it would be if sandy toksvig joined them?
@b0ringtweets i didn't know any of that, no. you're like john sessions or stephen fry.
@b0ringtweets or if you are wearing a ski mask and carrying a sawn off shot gun, apparently.
@b0ringtweets probably behind that fat grumpy cashier with the big earrings.
@b0ringtweets he'd *blooming love that. 
*pardon my french
@lauraannsword @awalker125 cheers!
sunset in new york
i'm so happy with how well derek is going down in australia, heartwarming. 

if you don't like my tweets, unfollow. you don't even have to ask permission, because...
"pint o' lager please guv"
@b0ringtweets if it was your job to show chris akabusi around your home town and give him a good time, where would you take him?
@b0ringtweets if the real store detective was shot in the head trying to apprehend a shoplifter would you ask the thief to return the goods?
@b0ringtweets no. i bet you have, right?
@b0ringtweets yeah. what flavour crisps were you going to have? cheese and onion?
@b0ringtweets will you eat something?
a little chat with @thr
dear america,
watch all episodes of my new show #derek streaming exclusively on netflix september 12! @belikederek
we can be heroes, just for one day.
goodbye colorado!! thanks for making it snowy and beautiful for me. i can't wait to come back!!
if you live in the bay area and are fans of @star1013 please follow marcus d: @itsmarcusd (worst twitter handle ever) and
sandy: @sandystec.
had to get the best pizza in the land at pizzeria bianco. thank you #phoenix az.
surprise stand up tonight from @jayleno - so fun! goodbye los angeles and thanks. see you soon.
henry's hi-life for bbq. thanks, jimmy! #sanjose #bbq
thank you to the amazing crowd at the paramount in seattle and to all of the great comedians that i was lucky enough to be on stage with.
thank you @kgwnews for the awesome pink box of voodoo. looking forward to coming back.
annd these awesome 30 pound sandwiches. #portland #nofilterimjustgettingfat
goodbye portland!! i will be back for this insanity. #captainmycaptain
turkey.
had fun yesterday with @iamrashidajones and @carrieunderwood singing some new holiday songs. #upallnighttoeatturkey
thank you, the day after thanksgiving, or as the makers of sweatpants call it, the busy season. #thanksgivingthankyounotes
i'm on the sesame street float in the parade tomorrow! but it'll be awkward when big bird asks, "what're you having for dinner?" #fallonmono
tonight on the show: @edward_burns, @stevievanzandt, music from @flagaline and someone let @jeffanimalguy back in the building. #latenight
honored to be on the @officialmacys @sesamestreet float with @theroots! 9am? i need a wake up call please. #macysparade
shout out to some of the coolest kids ive ever met at @stjude! rematch?
tonight: @thehungergames josh hutcherson, founder of the improv budd friedman and music from @kelly_clarkson! 
.@realtracymorgan says 28 thanksgiving-y things
happy thanksgiving week! new show tonight with @kellyripa, stephen moyer and music from mazzy star. #latenight #lnjf
@sean_rash hes weirdly great at everything. i need magic.
brand new show tonight!!! including nfl superlatives
sokolowski's university inn - d e l i c i o u s! #cleveland
tonight we've got @sarahksilverman, @lennykravitz, @chefmikeanthony and #thankyounotes!! #latenight #lnjf
i cannot leave pittsburgh without hitting up primanti bros! french fries and cole slaw on the
really fun show tonight. we've got @liamhemsworth, snl's @bibbymoynihan and music from @sleighbells. #latenight #lnjf
will also unveiled the new "tonight show" theme.
last night on our show, will forte (@orvilleiv) performed a medley of james ingram's biggest hits.
one thanksgiving, my mom had to bail my sister's boyfriend out of jail. at least we had something to talk about at dinner. #thanksgivingfail
hashtag game! tweet out something funny or embarrassing that happened on thanksgiving and tag with #thanksgivingfail. could be on our show!
my buddy @johnrich is here tonight too! big show. #latenight #lnjf
.@billcosby see you saturday at 8 on cc.
the one and only @billcosby returns to the show tonight!! plus music from @thebonnieraitt and freestyling with @theroots. #latenight #lnjf
thanks @denisleary @robertkelly @garygulman @kenrogerson @mulaney @realtracymorgan @lennyclarke @tomcottercomic too fun.
.@jeffallen71 thank you for appreciating the subtlety of that joke. have a good game.
thank you, balloon animals, for letting children experience the lifecycle of pets even faster than usual. #thankyounotefriday
tonight we've got tom selleck, jena malone, music from @johnny_marr and #thankyounotes. #latenight #lnjf
fun show tonight -- damian lewis (@lewis_damian), steve coogan and music from @sherylcrow! #latenight #lnjf
my uncle used to pin his pajamas to the bedsheet because he thought a ghost was pulling down his pants at night. #myweirdrelative
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out something funny or weird about your relatives and tag with #myweirdrelative. could be on the show!
thank you @gladwell for being on our show. the power of the underdog -
.@mariahcarey being super cool to some special fans:
pure joy. @mariahcarey has some amazing fans!
last night, @billycrystal and i used new technology to flip lips.
.@mariahcarey returns to the show tonight!! plus author malcolm @gladwell and music from @capitalcities. #latenight #lnjf
okay: 2 hashtags - #schmuckdynasty and #lipflip @billycrystal was so funny tonight.
@jaseybot: celebrity whispers was so funny, i saw double for a couple of seconds @jimmyfallon @latenightjimmy ha. thanks.
hey everyone! stay up late tonight and watch our show. it will make tomorrow amazing! #guaranteed turn on nbc now.
venezuela's gabriela isler is the new miss universe. looks like we did it again earth! #fallonmono
tonight, the great @billycrystal is on the show!! plus, @evanrachelwood and music from @cherlloyd ft. @skeelo_musik. #latenight #lnjf
congrats @natebargatze on having the number 1 comedy album on itunes!!! thats awesome!!!
if you liked @natebargatze from our show last night - check out his album yelled at by a clown  

thank you chicago and everyone at mr. beef. i wish i had more time to hang in your awesome city.
fun show tonight -- natalie portman, @tayediggs, great stand-up from @natebargatze + #thankyounotefriday. #latenight #lnjf
@local4news: rt @4liveinthed huge thank you for stopping by #liveinthed! i had a blast. thank you!! #lovinthed
i am having a conversation with stephen colbert (@stephenathome) nov. 24th in nj @montclairff!
justin bieber's been picking fights and spray-painting walls. at this point, he's just reenacting the opening to fresh prince. #fallonmono
rachel @maddow returns to the show tonight to talk and make some cocktails + music from m.i.a. (@miauniverse). #latenight #lnjf
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a funny or crazy superpower you wish you had and tag with #mysuperpower. could be on our show!
last night, @gdelaurentiis and i lost to @lucyliu and @zacharyquinto in a game of catch phrase. still fun. #oatmeal
tonight: jason statham playing water war, talking about @tomgreenlive's new beer and music from @emelisande. #latenight #lnjf
@hasselbeck: you were close! most likely to celebrate w/ #jazzhands was @cobyfleener.
dmx was arrested for driving with a suspended license. now he's lost his driver's license and hes changing his name to bmx." #fallonmono
tonight we've got @lucyliu, @zacharyquinto, cooking with @gdelaurentiis and we're all playing catch phrase! #latenight #lnjf
fresh new show tonight! iphone apps!!! monologue!!! closing credits!!!
@sylvialaureles cool! thanks.
@senjohnmccain thank you again for being here. see you online. #poker
@questlove ha. he knows what's goin on.
brooklynnnnnnnnn!!!!!
tonight's late night
no joke. harrison ford pierced my ear. then we wore matching earrings.
harrison ford pierced my ear on our show tonight. #therewillbeblood
last night, tux reunited on our show.
the most popular halloween costume in boston today was "hungover guy in the same clothes as yesterday." #fallonmono
tonight: @kerrywashington, jason schwartzman, 14 year-old chef flynn mcgarry (@diningwithflynn) and some halloween surprises. #latenight
happy halloween!
fun show tonight. we've got @azizansari, @minkakelly and music from @theweeknd. #latenight #lnjf
hugh laurie is officially on twitter. but you'd never guess his name - it's @jlumbrozo. seriously. it is. welcome hugh.
tonight on the show we've got @katebosworth, tv legend tim conway and music from @chromeo. #latenight #lnjf
tonight, we're playing a new game "singing password" with hugh laurie and @celinedion. gonna be fun. #latenight #lnjf
@tessashull: @jimmyfallon, craig's halloweenie song was hilariously clever! #jimmyfallon i agree. both were great.
thank you, new japanese wine for cats. because if there's one thing cats really need, it's another reason to throw up. #thankyounotefriday
i'm loving @benschilibowl and because i'm in dc i had to get my exercise in for @flotus. #letsmove
loving benschilibowl and because i'm in dc i had to get my exercise in for flotus. #letsmove
.@philadelphiagov you've got a great city. thank you for the roots!
@stereogum: watch @pearljam finish p j week by playing "sirens"
egg russian roulette with @edwardnorton
pearl jam!!! turn on nbc now!!!!! thanks.
excited to have @pearljam on the show!! they're here tonight and tomorrow, doing songs from their new album "lightning bolt". #pearljamweek
the white house fired an official for anonymously tweeting internal info. the guy said he was sorry. then he added #notsorry. #fallonmono
i can be mario, you can be luigi - we can egg houses until you need a squeegee. #halloweenrap
oh and @dierksbentley and @mikemccreadypj are doing "alive" tonight!! sounds amazing. #latenight #pearljamweek
tonight we've got @itsjuliebowen, mandy patinkin and continuing #pearljamweek @dierksbentley with @mikemccreadypj!! #latenight #lnjf
if you are in union square, flatiron or gramercy - the only choice for pizza is joe's on 14th and 3rd.
the economy added 148 thousand jobs last month. of course, all those people were hired to fix the obamacare website. #fallonmono
rt @nerdist: new all star bowling! team fallon @questlove @80miles @higbones vs me ...
just heard rehearsal for tonight's #pearljamweek performance. fleet foxes' robin pecknold is doing "corduroy" and it sounds great.
tonight: @realjknoxville, @haileesteinfeld and #pearljamweek continues with a performance of "corduroy" by fleet foxes' robin pecknold. #lnjf
alec baldwin (@abfalecbaldwin) spits when he talks.
@stephanie_vill: hi jimmy. i totally enjoyed the show last night from screen grab, and also sketch w/ alec ;  music. thank you!
thank you @abfalecbaldwin for one of our best moments on late night. that was so fun!
mark zuckerberg bought the 4 homes around his to have extra privacy. hes so rich, hes actually blocking people in real life. #fallonmono
tonight: alec baldwin (@abfalecbaldwin), @mrkevinconnolly and kicking off #pearljamweek @chriscornell + @theavettbros doing "footsteps"! #lnjf
pearl jam week starts tonight!!!
okay - t'was an easy one - it's fairview farrrrrrrrrm!!!! thanks for playing "know your corn mazes!"
it's time to play "guess the corn maze!"
ha! thanks to the guys over at ask this old house (@asktoh).
.@thezog keeping it classy for the clean cut comedy tour.
@marissa519: my experience seeing your show @iheartjimmycom!! :d
@mariobatali you missed me though. right?
thank you thezog for keeping it classy for the clean cut comedy tour. #nsfwonderwoman
i love these 4 comedians: @nickthune @natebargatze @julezmac and @thezog. thank you tampa! #ccc
@tvstacie see you at the show tonight. thanks for the fun!
@orlandoscience next time. ill be back.
okay, i had to try beefy king orlando. great pickles!! thanks.
good morning orlando. im in town. where should i go for something local and fun for lunch?
funny show tonight by these 4 comedians: @nickthune @natebargatze @julezmac @thezog.
@kayquinn miss me? ha. thanks for having us.
thanks to my atl pal @ninadobrev for lip syncing with me tonight. you killed it!!!
just finished sound check at cobb. get ready atlanta!! #ccc
nashville feeling the love from me? @rotiers2413 cheeseburgers!!!
@tvismylife01: look who was at the station today!...@bradpaisley  and @jimmyfallon!
props to all the staff and anchors at @ksdknews. fun hanging with you guys! #stl
clean cut tour continues tomorrow night at the cobb energy centre in atl w/ @nickthune @natebargatze @julezmac @thezog!
thank you, bars that have dart boards, for supplying drunk people with sharp objects to throw. #thankyounotefriday
tonight we've got keanu reeves, benedict cumberbatch and music from @mymorningjacket. plus, it's #thankyounotefriday!! #latenight #lnjf
a restaurant in nyc doesnt let customers talk during meals. when they heard, obama and republicans said "table for 200 please?" #fallonmono
from last night, @ylvis performing "the fox" live on our show. so much fun.
what does the fox say? @questlove @ylvis
what does the fox say? @questlove ylvis
one of our writers starts off every date by asking the girl who her favorite harry potter character is. #whyimsingle
hashtag game! tweet out a funny or embarrassing reason why you or someone you know is single and tag with #whyimsingle. could be on our show!
also tonight -- he's back. jeff musial (@jeffanimalguy) returns to the show with his animals. #latenight #lnjf
.@mileycyrus, me andthe roots sing "we can't stop" a cappella
tonight, @mileycyrus is on the show!! many fun things planned. #latenight #lnjf #wecantstop #wewontstop
.@paulmccartney invented the selfie and the photobomb.
@ryankooi7: @paulmccartney i invented the #selfie and the #photobomb on @jimmyfallon  priceless who knew?
vladimir putin lit the olympic torch and minutes later a gust of wind blew it out. related: the wind is now missing. #fallonmono
thank you to @paulmccartney and his awesome band and crew. pre order "new" avail october 13. tonight
.@paulmccartney is ripping it up in our studio right now. mini concert. its insane. new is out october 15.
@fox19 i believe i am. where should i eat?
so fun! snl!!
promo for our show tonight.
@kimkhazeion7 thanks for the book!!
@awilliamson7 that was fun. see you soon!
goodbye boston! honored to have made the wall at union oyster house.
tonight! @artiequitter, @tavitulle, music from @phantogram plus it's #thankyounotefriday. #latenight #lnjf
disney world is helping employees sign up for obamacare. now sneezy is on claritin, sleepy is on adderall and grumpy is on prozac. #fallonmono
@hooliganrn8051: @jimmyfallon you don't like mushrooms or mayo?!?  are you human??? not sure.
@davidagreco: @jimmyfallon what do you not like (besides mayonnaise)? mushrooms.
after 70 years in business, new york city's opera is filing for bankruptcy. or as the fat lady put it, soooo, now?" #fallonmono
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out something funny, weird, or embarrassing your mom texted and tag with #momtexts. could be on our show!
tonight: paul giamatti, anthony mackie and music from @msmrsounds. plus, audience suggestion box!! #latenight #lnjf
from last night, @lordemusic performs "royals". so good.
tigersonagoldleash
@erilala: @jimmyfallon is trending in iowa too! xo thats what imtalking about!!! iowa!!
@juhasaarinen: rt @trendsnz: jimmy fallon, @jimmyfallon is now trending in new zealand
@pulmyears she was fantastic
#lorde
michael jordan said he could've beaten lebron 1-on-1 in his prime. then lebron said, "no kidding. back then, i was only 9." #fallonmono
congrats to my man @jtimberlake on the release of the 20/20 experience 2 of 2. keep killing it dude!
tonight: @rebelwilson, @joelosteen and a performance of "royals" by @lordemusic!! #latenight #lnjf
couples are splitting the cost of an engagement ring. because every girl dreams of hearing her man say, "you owe me $2,000. #fallonmono
tonight we've got @kevin_nealon, elizabeth olsen and music from @theavettbros + @chriscornell!! #latenight #lnjf
props to bedford cheese shop on irving (nyc) and all of the cool kids that work there for selling
had my first it's-it last night. amazing! how did i not know about these??
just saw an ad for the show that i am currently watching. awesome.
more ads please. thanks.
thanks to @mikedicenzo and @danopsal and to everyone at @breakingbad_amc: here is our full "breaking bad" parody.
@mspenny21: "your default expression is that of someone who is right on the cusp of laughter" - james spader. what a great compliment! ha.
watching the season premiere of saturday night live. go tina!!
thank you, crocs, for being a terrifying animal and an even more terrifying shoe. #thankyounotefriday
lip syncn with these guys @stephenmerchant @hitrecordjoe was fun.
@johncena im down. #youhavetoaskjustin
@eljowanderer: @jimmyfallon ew! oh my gawwwd and that drool that was on your chin the whole time was so ewwww!  ha. that was gross.
aande canceled "hoarders." but viewers will never delete the dozens of episodes on their dvr because they might need them one day. #fallonmono
playing a new game with my pal tina fey on the show tonight! #latenight #lnjf
sesames tweet
a study says new yorkers are some of the most honest people in the world. and on that note, i didn't really read that study. #fallonmono
walt hands his drug empire over to a more worthy meth cook: bill nye the science guy. #fakebreakingbadspoilers
let's play the hashtag game! tweet a made-up spoiler for breaking bad w/ the hashtag #fakebreakingbadspoilers. could be on our show!
tonight: michael j. fox (@realmikefox), @blakeshelton + music from @kingsofleon!! #latenight #lnjf
rt @questlove: most epic lipsync ever: "boom shake the room"will never be the same
10 million followers. wow. thank you guys so much!
epic lip sync battle tonight on #latenight
.@bigjoefauria tune in tonight. were proud of you. #latenight
and...it's #timberlaketuesday! more fun with @jtimberlake tonight.
@spinpong: congratulation to jf for winning the best spin story!
@camheyward: thanks for the shout out @jimmyfallon
@bign98: a'ight @jimmyfallon  #touche
plus, i'm on the tonight show with @jayleno tonight!! 1135 nbc. #magicoftelevision
tonight we've got james spader, @kateupton, photographer neal preston, chef @ilanhall and #thankyounotefriday. #latenight #lnjf
the beanie babies creator owes $53 million for tax evasion. if he sells all his beanie babies, he'll just owe...like $53 million #fallonmono
tonight @realhughjackman is back on the show!! plus author gillian flynn and more music from @elviscostello and @theroots! #latenight #lnjf
from last night: opera singer @richardtroxell performs the "meow mix" jingle
piatas 2
happy sugar hill birthday to my man @mariobatali and everyone born on september 19th!
thank you for all of the nice happy birthday messages. you guys are awesome!
north korea says it wants to resume talks with the us. obama says it'll be awkward. not the talks, thanking dennis rodman. #fallonmono
also, let's play the hashtag game! tweet something funny or weird about one of your teachers and tag w/ #myweirdteacher. could be on our show!
tonight: @rushthemovie's chris hemsworth, @tonydanza and music from @jackjohnson!! #latenight #lnjf
i remember camp and singing with @jtimberlake at camp winnipesaukee.
freestyling with my mom! take a video of your mom rapping, upload to youtube and it could be on the show! details:
joe flacco missed his son's birth so he could play against the browns. even the baby said, "seriously--the browns??" #fallonmono
tonight we've got @benaffleck, @mindykaling and music from the @pixies!! #latenight #lnjf
we are doing a cool contest on @youtube you guys!! announcing this week. subscribe to our channel.
the evolution of end zone dancing w/ @jtimberlake 
thank you, the scarlet letter a, for being the original tramp stamp. #thankyounotefriday
@aaronpaul_8: @jimmyfallon love you bitch!!!!  #jokingbad their parody/tribute to #breakingbad
thank you for my gift @questlove.
fun guests on tonight's show: robert de niro, amy sedaris and music from @alt_j!! #latenight #lnjf
i am the one who knocks.
@americanslang21: extra points for @bryancranston and the pizza toss! #jokingbad
@mc_donough3: yes! @jimmyfallon #falsenberg ha
of course @iamcolinquinn steals the show. thank you colin. stay tuned more to come
watch how great our head writer @80miles is as hank in our breaking bad parody in 7 minutes! #jokingbad  #breakingbad #latenight #nbc
joking bad on nbc in 15 minutes. check it out. #jokingbad #breakingbad #latenight
preview for tonights show. biggest digital original yet!
our @breakingbad_amc parody "joking bad" is on the show tonight! thanks @bryancranston, @aaronpaul_8 and @mrbobodenkirk!!
my college roommate would order a pizza, eat some, and then hide the rest under his bed so no one else would eat it. #myroommateisweird
set your dvrs tonight for the premiere of our @breakingbad_amc parody "joking bad" 12:37 nbc #latenight #jokingbad
me and @jtimberlake get you ready for nfl sunday with "the evolution of end zone dances"
the evolution of end zone dancing
from last night's show, @kanyewest performs "bound 2" with charlie wilson and @theroots:
tonight: michelle pfeiffer, david cross, music from @volcanochoir, pros and cons of the new #iphone5s + something very fun. #latenight #lnjf
the iphone 5s looks suspiciously like a hoagie.
tonight on @latenightjimmy :@iamsteveharvey, the cast of @duckdynastyae and @kanyewest! #lnjf
.@kanyewest surprises late night and performs bound 2 w/@theroots and kills it. #latenight #nbc
cool thing about doing a show in nyc  anyone can drop by. @kanyewest surprised us and performed bound 2 tonight on late night! #nojoke
icymi on friday, @arianagrande sings raps songs in the style of broadway musicals.
tonight we've got @iamsteveharvey + the guys from @duckdynastyae. #latenight #lnjf #quack
@jman1118 oh
two athletes. (@80miles)
thank you @tamarbraxtonher for hanging out with us tonight. congrats on the new album! its a great show.
promo for tonights show:
.@arianagrande congrats on the new album - funny bit tonight. thanks!
.@newpolitics performing harlem on our show tonight was just awesome. such high energy and a knock out performance. thanks guys!!
tonight we've got @katiecouric, @arianagrande, @pattonoswalt, music from @newpolitics + #thankyounotes and more. #latenight #lnjf
tonight we've got steve buscemi, @bethenny frankel, chef daniel humm and from @nbcagt illusionists leon etienne and romy low. #latenight #lnjf
research says facebook has changed how our brains work. before facebook, when you said you liked something, you actually did. #fallonmono
"if you sass me one more time, i'm gonna have to go super slap-a-fool on your ass." #makebuscemisay
fun show tonight. @heidiklum, mayor @corybooker, music from @thejulieruin + the puppy predictors predict thursday's nfl season opener. #lnjf
mark zuckerberg has launched a new project to bring internet access to everyone in the world. it's called, starbucks. #fallonmono
tonight, for our first show back, we've got @michaelstrahan, @ddlovato and music from @nekocase. #latenight #lnjf #funtimes
@kimmyfalpal: if you haven't already, make sure to 'subscribe' to the @jimmyfallon youtube page!
gonna rt @perlapell for a while now. because she is awesome.
@mrjoshcharles you dont really tweet pics. why not?
goodbye, gus. i loved you.
tweet me if you need a hint for one across.  #nytimes
@xmeelycormier sure!
hey @yankees fans - derek jeter is about to step up to the plate to the song @theroots and i made for him. go crazy!!!
thank you mtv. its always so fun. #mtvvmas
congrats again to @jtimberlake. killed it tonight. whereas i broke a sweat giving an intro. #mtvvma
on my way to vma's. opening jam?
hey @drewbarrymore @instyle can you finish this rhyme? jamming with my boombox, walking 30 miles #askdrewinstyle
happy 30th birthday to my pal @kathielgifford!
sorry for any confusion. my dog is happy and healthy and just taking care of her little sister.
@froggyradio: @jimmyfallon hey jimmy! what kind of dog is that? golden retriever.
ill always love you, gary.
@fastfreddy623 shes awesome! we love her.
@todayshow: tomorrow on today: brother of alleged #whiteybulger victim, johnny cash + @jimmyfallon fun!
this september, tread lightly. #jokingbad #latenight
thank you, french fries, for looking like something youd send mr. potato head in the mail to get ransom money. #thankyounotefriday
got a fun show tonight. @vanessahudgens, @iamjohnoliver and music from @earlxsweat. #latenight #lnjf
.@theroots and i gave derek jeter 3 new songs to walk up to the plate with. what's your call?
@todayshow: why is @savannahguthrie wearing glasses this morning? an incident involving @jimmyfallon and banana cream pie. ha!
yaaaah!!! this week was so fun. @jtimberlake: what's better than #sharkweek this week? #timberweek all next week! #backbypopulardemand
i played for boston for a season. that year was magic. always a giant place in my heart for the red sox. #feverpitch #dirtdogs
my favorite baseball player ever - @yankees derek jeter on the show tonight. weve got new walk out songs for him. #latenight
.@robertsemma no cronut? i dont think so.
@david_brody gonna be fun.
congrats to my man @robinthicke -- #1 album and the #1 single at the same time!! and thanks again for this!
tonight: the @yankees' derek jeter, emma roberts (@robertsemma), music from @jakeowen + your #ifiwonthepowerball tweets. #latenight #lnjf
.@latenightjimmy is live tweeting now!!
i'd buy mount rushmore and add harry styles' face to it. #ifiwonthepowerball
hashtag game! tweet out something weird or funny you'd do if you won the powerball and tag with #ifiwonthepowerball. could be on our show!
ladysmith snack mambazo sings about pringles
brian williams raps young mc's "bust a move"
hey guys, send us funny screengrabs you find online. well put our favorites on the show. submit here:
jeff bezos, the ceo of amazon, just bought the washington post. and since he bought it before 11 am, he got same-day delivery. #fallonmono
@elvisduran happy birthday!
tonight on the show we've got @sethmeyers, @lilycollins and music from @2chainz!! #latenight #lnjf
thank you, web site button that says forgot my password, for basically being my password. #thankyounotefriday
blurred lines only using classroom instruments. subscribe to our @youtube channel and comment please.
props to @theacademy for bringing back @theellenshow to host the oscars again. we will all be watching.
everybody get up! listen for @blackthought s new rhymes just for this version! blurred lines.
blurred lines #1 worldwide trend on twitter!! thanks guys.
everybody get up!
music room: robin thicke, @theroots and i sing blurred lines using grade school instruments.
celebrity wife swap was just renewed for a third season. or as anthony weiner's wife put it, no. #fallonmono
tonight we've got jennifer aniston, @lennykravitz + new music from goodie mob!! #latenight #lnjf
"balls in your mouth" goes country -- @bradpaisley sings our oil spill protest song.
simon cowell is expecting a baby! he was at baby gap shopping for t-shirts and said, hey, i should get some for the baby too. #fallonmono
swimmin' in the ocean and you see a little motion - here comes the big fin, sharky wants his din-din! #sharkrap
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a funny rap about sharks and tag with #sharkrap. could be on our show!
fun new bit we did on the show this week: "screen grabs"
tonight we've got @tyrabanks, @simonpegg and chef @dominiqueansel showing me and @questlove how to make cronuts. #latenight #lnjf #funkincronuts
there's a new iphone app that breaks up with your significant other. it's called words with let's just be friends. #fallonmono
if you haven't seen our show before, tonight's the night to stay up. it's like a party -- so much fun. 12:37 on nbc. #latenight #lnjf
tonight: the one and only @dan_aykroyd! plus, @paulapattonxo, @bookertjones sitting in with the roots + music from @bradpaisley. #latenight
brian williams raps "good vibrations"
fun monday show. @mark_wahlberg, poppy montgomery and music from @thevirgins. #latenight #lnjf
radioactive with @imaginedragons tonight on late night. play it loud!!!
thank you, ruffles, for being pringles that decided to put on corduroys. #thankyounotefriday
.@thelonelyisland (feat @theroots) live on @latenightjimmy watch:
stay up for late night. andy and the dudes play with @theroots on #yolo from the wack album. they kill it live. #wack #latenightfallon
thank you @jayleno and everyone at @jaylenotonight for the fun mention on the show. we loved it!
i would like to introduce... winnie rose fallon.
tonight we've got andy samberg + a performance from @thelonelyisland, @shailenewoodley and music from new order! #latenight #lnjf
first anthony weiner was on twitter, then facebook. i heard even his linkedin resume just says, you up? #fallonmono
hashtag game! tweet out a funny parenting mistake you or your own parents have made and tag with #parentfail. could be on our show!
we are back with a brand new show tonight with hugh jackman and a bunch of fun surprises. check it out. #latenight
my wife and i thank you for all of the nice baby well wishes. her first day was the best day of our lives. so happy. thanks again.
@doctorfollowill you guys destroyed tonight. thank you and happy belated.
tonight we've got @howiemandel, eliot spitzer and music from the great @kingsofleon!! #latenight #lnjf
icymi: jesse and the rippers reunite!
becky #havemercy
yay!!! here we go!! #jesseandtherippers #latenightfallon
here we go #jesseandtherippers on #latenightfallon change your channels. #nbc thanks @johnstamos
here we go jesse and the rippers right now. nbc.
#jesseandtherippers #latenightfallon #havemercy
thank you, mcgruff, for looking like a dog whos either about to fight crime or flash me. #thankyounotefriday
of course super thanks to everyone who watches our show. we wouldnt be us without you. #emmy
so much good stuff tonight. ryan reynolds, @bobsaget, music from @falloutboy + michael winslow sitting in with the roots! #latenight #lnjf
@ctv_television: congratulations! #emmy i love ctv!!
we had a great year. congrats to everyone at late night. we work so hard. #emmy
the queen legalized gay marriage in the uk today. she said it's not always tea and crumpets. sometimes it's just 2 crumpets. #fallonmono
it's so hot, the statue of liberty went topless. #itssohot
fun show tonight. catherine zeta-jones, @iamcolinquinn, music from @gogolbordello, a new #suggestionbox and day 3 of #permweek. #latenight
pros and cons of being an mlb all-star
this weekend over 13,000 people went skinny dipping for a world record. or as 13,000 men put it, really? no women at all? #fallonmono
tonight: bruce willis, mama june from "here comes honey boo boo" and music from @mayerhawthorne. plus, day two of #permweek! #latenight #lnjf
@andrewdodson: whos excited for @jimmyfallon on friday? jesse and the rippers from #fullhouse is performing!
we had mets all-star @mattharvey33 ask new york fans about...matt harvey. and they had no idea it was him.
thank you everyone over @iheartjimmycom - hope you liked the interview as much as i did being interviewed. fun.
tonight: the hilarious kristen wiig, @nickcannon and music from adam ant (@adamaofficial)! also, the return of #permweek!! #latenight #lnjf
@marissa519 i loved your card. thanks!
thank you, zoos, for making me imagine animals looking at each other and going, what are you in for? #thankyounotefriday
tonight we've got kristin scott thomas, sam rockwell and music from @ciara ft. future. plus, #thankyounotefriday! #latenight #lnjf
experts say eliot spitzer could hurt anthony weiner's mayoral chances. spitzer said, "see? i'm makin' things better already!" #fallonmono
espn the magazine is releasing its body issue, with athletes posing nude. along with the same promise as always: no bowlers. #fallonmono
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out some funny or silly made-up rap lyrics and tag with #fakejayzlyrics. could be on our show!
find funny stuff you come across on the web, screen grab it, and send it to us  we might put it on the show:
my man @adamsandler will be on the show tonight! #grownups2 this friday.
@krisjenner: guess who i found at 30 roc??!! doing fallon tonite for @krisjennershow love you
mexico has passed the u.s. as the world's most obese country. don't worry--twinkies are coming back next week, so we'll be fine. #fallonmono
nsa whistleblower edward snowden has asylum offers in venezuela, nicaragua and bolivia. or as snowden put it, prison it is! #fallonmono
hey guys, were looking for funny stuff you find online for a new bit called screen grabs. submit here:
i am frightened to know that our animal expert @jeffanimalguy will be returning to the show tonight.
#goandy #wimbledon #espn
london photo w/@serafinowicz and some vandal shoved his phone up his nose and a pizza napkin up mine.
.@tomcruise im ready for a rematch whenever you are. #newgame
@falpal_1237 happy birthday
men's room. women's room.
kim and kanye have named their daughter north west. or as southwest airlines put it, please don't have a second child. #fallonmono
tonight: jason statham, @adrianpeterson, the guys from @recordsetter, music from @zedd and for #videogameweek super mario 3d world! #latenight
the white house staff played softball vs. a team of marijuana lobbyists. there were like 20 hits before the game even started. #fallonmono
tonight: @woodelijah, @grantbowler, music from the yeah yeah yeahs (@yyys) and #videogameweek continues with @callofduty ghosts. #latenight
tonight: @kevinhart4real, @oliviamunn, music from @chvrches + for day 3 of #videogameweek we've got @watchdogsgame. #latenight
obama will meet some regular americans to hear their thoughts about government surveillance. or more accurately, re-hear them. #fallonmono
@frankay213: jf, you hear that microsoft changed their mind about game sharing and internet requirement? thanks, sony! we did it!
hashtag game! tweet out a funny, weird, or embarrassing beach story that happened to you and tag with #beachfail. could be on our show!
fun show tonight. @kevinhart4real, @oliviamunn, music from @chvrches + for day 3 of #videogameweek we've got @watchdogsgame. #latenight
brad pitt and i have a #yodel conversation.
tonight: the one and only @jerryseinfeld, music from @icecube + a demo of knack on @sony's @playstation 4. #latenight #lnjf #videogameweek
an hbo exec will be the ambassador to spain. when asked how he'll improve relations with spain, he said, "uh...sex and dragons?" #fallonmono
tonight we've got @howardstern, @alyssa_milano + we kick off late night video game week with xbox one and @anamanaguchi!! #latenight #lnjf
trending..
thank you, hors doeuvres, for being appetizers that moved to france and got all snooty. #thankyounotefriday
my new favorite comedian @natebargatze
my weekend is gone. #videogameweek starts monday on our show. i cannot wait. #latenight
tonight we've got @adamlevine, cedric the entertainer (@cedentertainer) and music from @arianagrande with @macmiller! #latenight #lnjf
@iamstevent on @howardstern is fantastic. (essence of steam) ha.
a 97-year-old man in ny graduated from high school. he pulled a pretty good senior prank: he closed his eyes for a few seconds. #fallonmono
tonight we've got julia louis-dreyfus (@officialjld), @valekilmer, comedian @natebargatze + your #dadquotes tweets! #latenight #lnjf
tebowie returns
@jennettemccurdy: whos gonna watch @jimmyfallon tonight?! i had the best time on it! come back whenever. we love you.
the return of tebowie tonight on late night. #patriots #newengland #latenight #manofsteel #e3
becoming bowie. thanks @cyndieloulou and @cbennies. #tebowie #how2
let's play the hashtag game! tweet a funny, weird, or embarrassing thing your dad has said and tag with #dadquotes. could be on our show!
video game week starts monday!
jacob's patience with @sethrogen pt. 1
@pascalandre16: unreal guests on fallon tonight. bound to be one for the books @sethrogen @thelumineers jacobs patience weed shop.
patriots signed tim tebow. when asked how hell adjust to being booed by jets fans, tebow said, what do you mean adjust to? #fallonmono
great show tonight!! @sethrogen, @jeffreytambor, music from @thelumineers. #latenight #lnjf
@rowlwithkelly: @kellyrowland just gave one of the best if not her best performances vocally ever on @jimmyfallon agreed. shes great.
obama just met with chinese president xi jinping. obama asked china to stop spying on america. then jinping said, you first. #fallonmono
jamie king teaches me and russell crowe how to dance like michael jackson. tonight on #latenight.
tonight we've got @russellcrowe, sofia coppola, jamie king and music from @kellyrowland featuring @wizkhalifa. #latenight #lnjf
congrats to @actuallynph on a knockout performance hosting the tonys. great stuff.
thank you, whale watchers, or as whales call you, stalkers. #thankyounotefriday
.@robdelaney 15 dunkin donuts glazed donut breakfast sandwiches. #funkingonuts
fun show tonight - #thankyounotes, playing a game with @actuallynph, talk with @jimgaffigan and music from @thekingdream. #latenight #lnjf
brian williams raps warren g
the ragtime gals perform a barbershop version of "i wanna sex you up"
tonight on the show: christopher meloni, @catdeeley and great music from broken social scene feat. feist! #latenight #lnjf
in honor of the 30th anniversary of @readingrainbow, here's our doors cover of the theme song
fire alarm at the theater. i might have to see before midnight after midnight.
color me badd meets barbershop tonight on late night.
promo for tonights show.
my girlfriend told me about her valentine's day plans ... with her new boyfriend. #howigotdumped
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a funny or embarrassing way you've been dumped and tag with #howigotdumped. could be on our show!
tonight on the show: glenn close, @dolph_lundgren, music from @portugaltheman and the return of the ragtime gals! #latenight #lnjf
the company behind words with friends slashed 520 jobs. employees were mad but had an easy time coming up with 4 letter words. #fallonmono
bruce jenner really made me s q u i r m tonight. phew!! i think we put aside our differences. #latenight
tonight: ethan hawke, rose byrne and bruce jenner. plus, music from @savagesband and the battle of the instant songwriters! #latenight #lnjf
back with new shows tonight!! nathan lane, zoe kravitz, music from tomahawk and the latest edition of our #donotread list. #latenight #lnjf
happy birthday @bravoandy!! did you ever have a snoopy themed party when you were little? #wwhl
story to come tomorrow. #thereisbloodinthesalsa
.@gameofthrones fans, please enjoy our version #gameofdesks. thank you.
dance off: @thezog vs. @harry_styles. #thistimeitspersonal
happy memorial day to all of the men and women who have served our country.
@david_e_lozano: jfallon and company killed this! graphics/hair/wardrobe/everything was sick! #gameofdesks
yay!!! thank you!
#gameofdesks
here we go! #gameofdesks
tell your friends to watch late night right now. #gameofdesks
yes. let keep going.
hey watch now.
if youve never seen our show - please watch tonight and see what we do. i hope you enjoy it. #latenightwithjimmyfallon
thank you, atm fees, for allowing me to buy my own money. #thankyounotefriday
tonight! @realpaulwalker, @josswhedon, music from @tmbg and the premiere of #gameofdesks!! #latenight #lnjf
@josswhedon the time has come.
@josswhedon the time has come.
.@forvel hard at work on the edit of our new digital original game of desks. tonight on late night. #gameofdesks
more teens are ditching facebook for instagram and twitter. or as they told their parents, nothing and don't worry about it. #fallonmono
tonight we've got @_juliannemoore, @jessetyler and chef @dannybowien. plus, your #worstcarieverhad tweets! #latenight #lnjf
anthony weiner's new campaign commercial
hey @wendywilliams - nice cameo in world war z. #worldwarz
just saw world war z. sooo much better than world war a-y. #worldwarz
i had a used nissan with a fake 80s car phone built into it. i used to drive around pretending to make calls on it. #worstcarieverhad
hashtag game! tweet out something funny or weird about the worst car you've ever had and tag with #worstcarieverhad. could be on our show!
no cgi was used on game of desks. thats all higgins. see it this friday on late night. #gameofdesks
the hilarious @danacarvey is back on the show tonight!! also, elizabeth moss and music from @bobbymcferrin. #latenight #lnjf
a teen invented a device that recharges cell phones in 20 seconds. good for her, bad for the kid who made a paper mache volcano. #fallonmono
game of desks @questlove #gameofdesks this friday on #latenight
tonight on @latenightjimmy: @azizansari, gillian anderson (@gilliana) and music from @jcolenc. #latenight #lnjf
taylor swift won 8 billboard awards last night. she thanked her crew, her fans, and adele for not making an album last year. #fallonmono
game of desks this friday on late night. #gameofdesks
tonight: colin farrell, jaden smith (@officialjaden), celeb apprentice's trace adkins and @pennjillette + music from @ahmir. #latenight #lnjf
thank you, croissants, for letting me know how annoying someone is based on how they pronounce you. #thankyounotefriday
posted a new ask jimmy - send in more qs via @tumblr and i'll keep answering them.
a life-sized barbie dreamhouse just opened in florida. it's really neat and tidy, which means its just like ken: no junk. #fallonmono
on tonight's show - @mindykaling, @thetimmcgraw + your #awkwardpromstory hashtags. #latenight #lnjf
it's been a rough week for president obama. he was like, how could things get any worse?! then joe biden was like, you rang? #fallonmono
hashtag game! tweet an awkward or embarrassing thing that happened to you on prom night and tag w/#awkwardpromstory. could be on our show!
tonight we've got julie bowen (@itsjuliebowen), demi lovato (@ddlovato) + music from @theflaminglips! #latenight #lnjf
the spanx founder is giving half of her fortune to charity. she said, i'll be finethings are just gonna get a little tighter. #fallonmono
.@strombone1 if it makes you feel any better, ive got the same exact physique as boo berry.
.@strombone1 all i meant is that youre delicious, nutritious, and part of a balanced breakfast.
tonight: bradley cooper, portia de rossi, celebrity apprentice's @liljon and @lisarinna  + new music from @vampireweekend. #latenight #lnjf
tonight we've got @llcoolj, alyson hannigan (@alydenisof) and benedict cumberbatch. plus, #thankyounotes and night news now! #latenight #friday
this week is the 10th anniversary of linkedin. which is weird, because on linkedin it says it has 15 years of experience. #fallonmono
.@mindykaling i asked jamie lannister about you. he says hi.
bill clinton said hillary hasn't said anything to him about 2016. but in fairness, she hasn't said anything to him since 1998. #fallonmono
"dad and i got tickets to lollapalooza -- they're our favorite group." #momquotes
let's play the hashtag game! tweet a funny, weird, or embarrassing thing your mom has said and tag with #momquotes. could be on our show!
from last night, lip sync off with @johnkrasinski:
.@johnkrasinski killed it on tonights show. #latenight #teenagedream
tonight: @johnkrasinski, @eliroth, @floydmayweather and music from @thebreeders! #latenight #lnjf
fun show tonight with @stevemartintogo, @ediebrickell (great song) and @jennafischer. wish i couldve been there.
the dems 2016 primary could be hillary vs. biden. biden's calling her a worthy opponent, while hillary's calling him practice. #fallonmono
great show tonight! steve martin (@stevemartintogo) and edie brickell + @jennafischer + marilu henner (@therealmarilu). #latenight #lnjf
tonight: carey mulligan, alexander skarsgrd and @johndensmore from @thedoors! plus, music from @therealeve and #thankyounotes! #latenight #lnjf
so if you ever wanted to spend some time online watching other people make pizzas, maybe that's why she left you. #fallonmono (2/2)
dominos now has a live webcam that shows pizzas being made. (1/2)
a @kickstarter for a documentary about dr. demento? i love him. let's make this happen. 
did you see @johnny_marr performing how soon is now?? on the show last night?
fans of the smiths: heres johnny marr  performing how soon is now from #latenight last night.
i'd have the power to dvr three shows at the same time. but not four. that would be my weakness. #ifihadasuperpower
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a funny or crazy superpower you wish you had and tag with #ifihadasuperpower. could be on our show!
tonight! sir ben kingsley, @kalpenn and music from @johnny_marr! #latenight #lnjf
ask jimmy is back! i answered a bunch of your questions about the show and other stuff. more soon!
good morning! fun show coming tonight. winona ryder, @marcmaron, music from @kennychesney + the return of wax on wax off! #latenight #lnjf
facebook's mark zuckerberg is only taking a one-dollar salary this year. or as tom from myspace put it, you and me both, pal. #fallonmono
thank you, fruit bowls, for being a decorative way to let things rot. #thankyounotefriday
the great amy poehler on the show tonight!! fun stuff planned. don't miss it. #latenight #lnjf
@realmikefox: batali throws his driver at jimmy
promo for the show tonight:
"iron man 3" comes out in china next friday. of course, most people in china will just wait and buy a bootleg in americatown. #fallonmono
rt @rickygervais my rich musical past with @jimmyfallon
sequester won't affect biden's office, even though the white house is making cuts. upon hearing biden said, i have an office?? #fallonmono
.@rickygervais you know what you did.
after my check-up, my doctor asked me to give him a positive yelp review because all his other reviews were bad. #mydoctorisweird
my old roommate @talibkweli is in the building!! love that guy. tonight on late night.
tonight we've got @rickygervais, jessica pare, music from @talibkweli and audience suggestion box! #latenight
im loving this song by @phosphorescent right now. you? #latenight
we are on in 3 minutes. the great time slot of 12:37 am. its a fun one tonight. please watch and smile. #latenight
thank you to our great vice president @joebiden. if it wasnt for you - id have no monologue. #time100
congrats to @saraschaefer1 and @nikkiglaser on the second season pick-up for #nikkiandsaralive! so happy for you guys!!
last night was the premiere of what would ryan lochte do? or as ryan lochte put it, cool, who's in it? #fallonmono
@byrdie_num_num: i prefer to watch you on microfiche. i get to go to the library. #latenight 2nd best way to watch late night.
@iangailagher: @jimmyfallon dvrs?! we all watch your show live obviously! the best way to watch it.
we are back! all new shows this week. 12:35 am on nbc. set your dvrs. #latenight
.@jtimberlake is on right now nbc crazy timblrs medley plus #historyofrap4 #latenight
thank you to all of my fans, especially the falpals and everyone at @time #time100 #whatanhonor
.@officialkeef saving a seat
.@hoodieallen i hear that you are killing it at roseland - one of my favorite places to see music. congrats. lets talk.
congrats @oprah and @owntv on a lot of trending tonight!
tonight! we've got @tomcruise!! also, @jordanabrewster, music from shuggie otis, and thank you notes. #latenight
great to have @joshuatopolsky on the show last night for the 17th time and congrats to @verge on their webby noms.
the quidditch world cup is this weekend. fans say it's fun, while their parents say, when are you gonna move out of the house?" #fallonmono
ooooo @questlove is gonna be mad. this app is super easy. i think i might be good at this. #dj
omg the @jonasbrothers are so not ew! #pompoms
so excited to have @billcosby back on the show tonight!! #latenight
its rumored that adele is planning her next album. or as her current boyfriend put it, well, we had a good run." #fallonmono
the @jonasbrothers are on @latenightjimmy tonight! plus, julianna margulies and @mradamscott. #latenight #pompom
free cone day!!! im sure if you ask @benandjerrys nicely, they will give you late night snack. #freeconeday
gary likes to eat her bed. #mypetisweird. post a #mypetisweird pic on instagram and we'll put it on
tonight! the one and only @officialkeef!!! new @rollingstones tour starting soon. get ticket info here:
then michelle said, well, here's another one: what's black and white and sleeps on the couch?" (2/2) #fallonmono
thanks jon stewart and staff of the daily show for sending us carvel!! (yum.) watch jon every night at
tonight, we've got @andersoncooper, @nbcsnl's @tarankillam, music from @catpower and @youtube star stuart edge
(@misterstufasa). #latenight
about to go onstage with headgie13. #seriousfun
thank you jimmy kimmel and staff for the 2nd ave deli lunch. class act. watch jimmy every night at
great show tonight. melissa mccarthy + @wwe's chris jericho (@iamjericho) + music from @ryanbingham. #latenight
hashtag game! tweet a funny or weird idea you have for something you wish existed and tag with #whydonttheymakethat. could be on our show!
yesterday, obama shot some baskets and only made 2 out of 22. even dick cheney said, that guy needs to learn how to shoot. #fallonmono
fun show tonight - my friends @realtracymorgan and @bravoandy are here + new music from deerhunter. #latenight
i like him, he likes me, were okay.
happy easter!
@dallascarlson: why doesnt anyone sneeze during your show? im hypoallergenic - im like a labradoodle.
congrats to @r_xmas25 and syracuse!! #aprilmadness #finalfour
happy easter, from late night.
sharing your 80s childhood with your kids. by my sister @gloriafallon123
number one trending on twitter. we will announce the winners tomorrow. #chickeneers #falloneasteregg
@excitablejen311: @jimmyfallon boo no fair to west coast! west coast gets a different hidden egg. 2 prizes!
.@imaginedragons just killed it on the tonight show. #radioactive
oh - this is happening as well tonight. @blakeshelton #chickeneers #hohey
find the hidden easter egg somewhere in our show tonight and tweet @latenightjimmy with #falloneasteregg. first tweet wins!
n. korea says war may break out at any minute. or as obama put it, can't believe i'm doing this...get me dennis rodman. #fallonmono
i miss justin.
dionne warwick owes $10 million in back taxes. when asked how she plans to pay it off, she said, thats what friends are for? #fallonmono
and audience suggestion box! rt @latenightjimmy tonight: @todayshow's kathie lee gifford, @jamespurefoy and music from dido (@didoofficial)!
lets get ice-t (@finallevel) to 450,000! #lawandordersvu hes on the show tonight with @nerdist and @littlegreencars.
come on - 35 minutes until we are on!!! watch nbc!!!! its a fun show. thanks.
last night, san diego state was upset by florida gulf coast university. even the university of phoenix online was like, "who??" #fallonmono
.@patrickstump lets do this.
we played a fun new game tonight where we gave an audience member 1 hour to write a song then perform it. some good talent. #thisisthevoice
tonight on @latenightjimmy: @usherraymondiv, @_katemara, @wale and @apprenticenbc 
cast off. @nbc #latenight
good day to everyone. heres to this week being a memorable one.
fun show tonight: @kevinbacon, @sigurros, night news now and thank you notes. #twelvethirtyseven #nbc
analysts were like, "do you know the chances of that happening?? then the harvard team said, 12.6 percent. (2/2) #fallonmono
there was a huge upset last night in the ncaa tournament when 14-seeded harvard beat number 3 new mexico. (1/2)
@rushsoccerx19 happy birthday!!!!
i know im late to the party but i saw @rockofages last night on broadway and loved it. soooo fun. that cast is unbelievably talented.
which will get really weird when everyone in the next jurassic park movie has to run away from emily. #fallonmono (2/2)
@zinbmom hi!!!!
also - did you get @jtimberlake's "the 20/20 experience" yet?
tonight, drew barrymore is on the show! plus, thandie newton and music from @brandicarlile. #latenight #fun #thursday
hashtag game! tweet out a weird, funny, or embarrassing bet you
shouldn't have made and tag with #worstbetever. could be on our show!
thank you jenne marie laskas, peggy sirota, @briancoatsbc and everyone at @gqmagazine. sooo happy.
mario kart love song by sam hart (sung by @selenagomez and me)
i highly recommend seeing @happeninharry live. great show.
go pick up @jtimberlake's "the 20/20 experience." so good.
the always great @selenagomez is on the show tonight. we're gonna do something fun. can't wait. #latenight
long live hip hop. history of rap 4.
im so beat. it felt like we did five snls in one week. #the2020experience
after such a great week with @jtimberlake what better way to end it with history of rap and a best of mix from jt. tonight! #latenight #nbc
be sure to watch @jtimberlake on late night tonight. its gonna be historical. #justintimberweek
in a recent interview, snoop dogg said he'd like to get high with president obama and bill clinton. then he said, or whoever. #fallonmono
from last night: @jtimberlake channeling earth, wind and fire's "shining star" in his new song "let the groove get in".
tonight: day 4 of #justintimberweek! more music and fun with @jtimberlake. plus, @katiecouric, freddie highmore and #latenight hashtags.
turns out @stevecarell and i were both in that old canadian soap opera "jacob's patience". and @jtimberlake was too.
if michael mcdonald cloned himself and sang "row, row, row your boat" in the round.
one of our writers thought billy joel was saying "we didn't start the fire. it was always burning, said the worst attorney." #misheardlyrics
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a lyric you've misheard and tag with #misheardlyrics. it could be on our show!
day 3 of #justintimberweek coming up tonight. more @jtimberlake + @stevecarell + abigail breslin (@yoabbaabba) + a special guest. #latenight
theres talk that dc comics may introduce a woman as batmans next robin. or as batman put it, "wait, robin wasn't a woman?" #fallonmono
tonight #justintimberweek continues with another song from @jtimberlake + nba great charles barkley, allison williams and @clivedavis!
from last night, @jtimberlake's amazing "pusher love girl"
tonight starts #justintimberweek! justin timberlake (@jtimberlake) joins me for a full week on the show. music + other fun stuff! #latenight
the person fired from #celebrityapprentice tonight is on my show tomorrow. i dont know who it will be yet. watching now.
so excited for new week of late night!!! justin timberlake will play a new song every night. maybe a few sketches? #timberweek #nbc
watch @jtimberlake as host and musical guest on snl tonight, then stay awake for late night all next week where justin will play every night
great choice. congrats! rt @mrliepis joins id as vp
my handwriting has never been great. i once signed thanks for watching for a fan and they thought it said thanks for nothing.
thank you. #goodread
getting a lot of 50 shades and the bible - anything in between? #jimmybook
not feeling well. home. sick. need a book recommendation. what shall i read?
thank you for watching.#latenight
groupon fired the founder and ceo of the company. he could tell something was up because todays deal was his parking space. #fallonmono
great, memorable anniversary show!! every guest was fantastic and prince broke kirks guitar. #latenight
i want to say thank you to all of the people who make late night great. #happyfourth anniversary!!!! yaaay!!
making @mcclurespickles with the mcclure brothers.
new spending cuts allowed 300 illegal immigrants to be released from jail in arizona. or as officials put it, "catch ya later." #fallonmono
nickelodeon is making a spinoff of dora the explorer for preschoolers. yeah, they finally admitted the original is for stoners. #fallonmono
my "do not play" list. it's like my "do not read" list except for music.
worked in the produce department. needed to reach something on the top shelf, didn't have ladder. climbed on heads of lettuce. #howigotfired
tonight we've got @christianslate4, mia wasikowska and music from @jason_aldean. #latenight
season finale of guys with kids tonight at 8:30 on nbc. set your bvds. #guyswithkids
tonight we've got @realdonaldtrump + rebecca hall + comedian jon glaser + music from @ofwgkta's tyler, the creator. #latenight
tonight we have @alancumming, @michaelphelps, @kateupton, music from unknown mortal orchestra + the return of cellphone shootout. #latenight
prince is coming on late night this friday!! get ready. bonus song for the web?
not sure if i like the weird booth. (winners/losers ) #oscars
tie?
2 million in 2 days!! wow. thanks! "evolution of mom dancing" with michelle obama (@flotus)
"evolution of mom dancing" with michelle obama (@flotus) so fun.
we have one of the best shows we've ever done tonight with the @flotus michelle obama, scarlett johansson and @theavettbros. #latenight
so great! rt @flotus: .@jimmyfallon game on, jimmy. see you soon! -mo
.@flotus heres my game face. whats yours?
last night, my former bff for six months @stephenathome and i tried to work out our issues.
.@sethmacfarlane is a talented man. break a leg on sunday! #oscars
just saw the who with @gerardbradford at nassau c. they schooled us.
researchers have discovered that a chemical in the brain causes women to talk more than men. yeah, its called chardonnay. #fallonmono
i made @johnkrasinski face. #imadeface
tonight: my former bff for six months @stephenathome, @andersonanthony, a demo of the new #playstation4 + comedian james adomian. #latenight
@bravotopchef come on kristen!!
.bravoandy top chef on dvr. come on my girl #kristen #topchef
excited to announce the playstation 4 will be on @latenightjimmy tomorrow night! live demo of killzone: shadow fall!! #latenight #ps4 #whoo
"the artist 2: time to talk" #badoscarsequels
"les miserables 2: more miserables" #badoscarsequels
hashtag game! tweet out a fake sequel title to an oscar movie from any year and tag with #badoscarsequels. could be on our show!
walter kump, the regular man with the robot voice, starred in his very own action movie with @kyle_maclachlan.
tonight: @davidspade, @nbcsnl's cecily strong and music from @atlasgenius. plus, @walterkump shows us a clip from his new movie. #latenight
yesterday, michael jordan turned 50! and scottie pippen actually helped him blow out his candles, but nobody seemed to notice. #fallonmono
eeeny weeny teeny weeny. #supersonic
yes! a preview of tonights late night:
thank you, travel mugs, for being convenient for about 20 minutes and then being something i have to carry around all day. #thankyounotes
congrats to @jtimberlake on the #suitandtie official video directed by david fincher. looks fantastic.
@tank2526: @jimmyfallon big fan any way i could get an autograph? sure.
big show tonight: talking about the new die hard movie - bruce willis is on late night!!!
new cupids arrow on #latenight tonight!
obama gave john boehner a thumbs-up before the start of the #sotu. or as boehner put it, "beats the finger i usually get!" #fallonmono
ended my very first date by saying, "take it easy." and then my dad drove me home. #awkwarddate
our friend @daymdrops reviewed the whitman's sampler for valentine's day.
neither was this. #flu2013 #havetoreaddirections
also - it turns out this wasn't a rectal thermometer. #flu2013
gary has a new invention called the wrapkin on tonights brand new guys with kids 8:30 on nbc.
tonight on late night: @jeffanimalguy, @iamsteveharvey and music from the awesome @kaceymusgraves.
tomorrow's the first day of lent. some catholics give up chocolate, some give up alcohol, and one is giving up being pope. #fallonmono
last night, gotye won record of the year. parents were like, whos gotye? while their kids were like, whats a record? #fallonmono
tonight: the great john goodman, the @nyknicks's @carmeloanthony and music from @garyallan. #latenight
we were at joe strummer's table when we got the news. #mollys thank you!!!!!
yaaaaaaaahaaaaaaaaa!!! we won!!!?!?! #grammy
and of course, tenacious d's "rize of the fenix"


jim gaffigan's "mr. universe"


lewis black's "in god we rust"


margaret cho's "cho dependent (live in concert)" 


such an honor to be nominated for the best comedy album #grammy with all the other amazing nominees. all are deserving. go buy them all.
thank you to all of the falpals for supporting us. our comedy album blow your pants off is nominated tonight. so excited. #grammys
late nights youtube should be working now. thank you all for notifying me. watch away!!
rt@shoemakermike: we saw @benjaminapple do this sketch at ucb and had to have it on our show. jason schwartzman  
@kiera_deee: @jimmyfallon australia too! please fix it, i need my fallon fix!! no way. sorry.
@thugbieberlife: @jimmyfallon germany can't watch your videos too :( on it. sorry.
i dont know why nbc/youtube would stop canada and uk from seeing clips. so sorry. im looking into it. we love you guys.
again- harlem shake (@latenightjimmy edition)
@dmpicone: im not even sure what to think about that @latenightjimmy human pig sketch. so weird but funny. classic. ill take it.
not on here in ny yet. ugh. #latenight
yup. @rhinosaur_89: @soundcitymovie
favorite quote!
davegrohl: "why can't it always be this easy?"
paul mccartney: "it is."
i didn't know you could fall in love with a sound board. just finished @soundcitymovie. loved it. congrats dave grohl.
harlem shake (@latenightjimmy edition)
tonight we've got jason schwartzman, keri russell, music from @nightbeds + thank you notes! #thankyounotefriday #latenight
3d korean bbq with @80miles. #bibimbap #bapbapmmmbap
nyc mayor bloomberg is considering a ban on styrofoam cups. at this point i'm starting to think 7-11 slept with his girlfriend. #fallonmono
downton sixbey: episode 4 #latenight
steve higgins should get an emmy nomination for his performance last night on our downton abbey spoof. hilarious.
the federal reserve was just hacked. it's bad  they say the hackers could've stolen as much as negative 14 trillion dollars. #fallonmono
tonight: @whoopigoldberg, @tavitulle from @rookiemag, tommy mottola, comedian @kurtmetzger and the conclusion to downton sixbey. #latenight
all new guys with kids (the show im producing for nbc) tonight at 8:30. @markconsuelos guest stars :) tivo, dvr or tune in. thanks!
tonight: @justinbieber! @naomicampbell! music from @localnatives! and the return of downton sixbey! #latenight
rt@questlove: most beautiful song i ever played on latenight. this is the new say anything "in your eyes" @jimjames
tonight: @rustyrockets meets russell brand #latenight
viewers thought the worst super bowl ad was godaddy where bar rafaeli made out with a nerd. or as the nerd said yeah, so what? #fallonmono
stevie? fleetwood? blackout? godaddy? rt @budweiser: thanks, jimmy. do you have a name idea for our foal? #clydesdales
tonight we've got russell brand (@rustyrockets), @katharinemcphee + a fun, big performance from @jimjames and @theroots. #latenight #fun #big
budweiser has done it again. well done. #clydesdales
beyonce literally killed it at the super bowl.
if you said @alobarnyc in long island city, you are correct! #guessthenapkin
time to play guess the napkin!
a survey found 27% of americans think god plays a role in who wins the super bowl. then tim tebow was like, no, he doesn't. #fallonmono
tonight: @batemanjason, zosia mamet from @girlshbo, music from @bocelliandrea + a clip from an old canadian soap opera. #fakearms
here's the full length version of our ad for @lincolnmotorco. watch and see how you helped #steerthescript:
the beginning. #loop
big show tonight! fun times with @channingtatum, @meganhilty + cooking with 4 hour chef author @tferriss. plus, night news now! #latenight
a california zoo said its monkey picked the 49ers to win the super bowl. not surprisingly, its deer picked ray lewis' ravens. #fallonmono
i once brought clam dip and triscuits to a super bowl party. no one ate it. #worstsuperbowlparty
hashtag game! tweet a funny or weird story about a superbowl party you've been to and tag w/ #worstsuperbowlparty. could be on our show!
#meaningoflife
higgins was so funny again in the monologue tonight. i love him so much. watch tonight. #latenight on nbc at 12:38 (or something like that)
justin bieber is being investigated for hitting a security guard with a nerf dart. bieber could face up to 6 months in time out. #fallonmono
fun show tonight: lucy liu, billy gardell, new music from @ultra1sta + the return of late night shout outs.
new slow jam the news with my man briwillie (@bwilliams) tonight. he's the best. #latenight #ohyeah
#babysteps
we're back! tonight: @nbcnews's brian williams (@bwilliams), max greenfield (@iamgreenfield) + music from the animals' @ericburdon. #ohyeah
if you don't know what "my late night supercut" is then watch this:
this is great! keep them coming. rt @gavinpurcell so far, this is my favorite "my late night super cut" entry:
thanks to whiteface, lake placid lodge, maui north and the locals in lake placid, ny. i shall return.
thank you, lance armstrong, for sitting down with oprah last night. i missed the interview, but i heard it was dope. #thankyounotefriday
go brooklyn!! #hellobrooklyn
tonight: jessica chastain, @joshgad, alan zweibel, music from @joyformidable and thank you notes. #latenight #friday
.@schwarzenegger adds dvd commentary on some of his other films.
rt @schwarzenegger: told jf id teach him about cigars. #thelaststand. made it happen.
manti te'o may have made up a girlfriend then lied about her death. or as he put it, i'm gonna have to talk to oprah aren't i?" #fallonmono
.@nevschulman i want the scoop! catfished? wait is this really you? #doublecatfish
for the bibliophile. my "do not read" list:
if you like tv shows about young families - guys with kids in on tonight at 8:30 on nbc. thanks!
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something weird or embarrassing
you're finally ready to admit and tag w/ #iadmitit. could be on our show!
new sugarboy (with a brief cameo from me) its called attack of the sack
@mary_jondle thank you.
.@80miles getting his wig off after 2nd night of shooting downton sixbey (6b). #longnight #funtimes #gangnam
oprahs interview with lance armstrong supposedly lasted nearly 3 hours. so it's sort of like a regular interview...on steroids. #fallonmono
big week for #steerthescript - heres an update on our @lincolnmotorco spot!
preview of tonights show:
shooting downton sixbey (6b) with armisen as heidith. #6b #latenight
this weekend, the ravens beat the broncos in 2 ot. not saying it went too long, but even jodie foster was like wrap it up! #fallonmono
tina fey and amy poehler hit a home run tonight!!! congrats. #goldengiobes
on my way to the #goldenglobes. break a leg tina and amy!
on my way to the #goldenglobes. break a leg tina and amy!
beyonce is reuniting with destinys child for the super bowl. and rumor has it they finally think were ready for that jelly. #fallonmono
tonight: david duchovny, @snooki and @jenniwoww, @nickkroll, music from @eliyoungband + thank you notes!
obama came under fire from the gop over the lack of diversity in his cabinet. obama was like you know i'll be there too right?" #fallonmono
thank you peoples choice awards!!! so happy. #pca
lance armstrong will sit for 90-minute talk with oprah. though itll be kind of suspicious when he finishes in just 60 minutes. #fallonmono
you said frank ocean's album was your favorite. then i caught you on the elevator listening to the grey's anatomy soundtrack. #slapyourself
tonight: william h. macy, @ginnygoodwin and i'm taking on @rachael_ray in a grilled cheese cook-off. plus, audience suggestion box! #latenight
e! has new a reality show about olympic swimmer ryan lochte called what would ryan lochte do?  and everyone was like, swim." #fallonmono
new sugarboy (kid with a super creative and funny mind hyped up on sugar) by the talented @danopsal is up.
new david bowie!!!!!! (and video)
said goodbye to the #beard tonight a little bit at a time. here's an early look and thanks for the idea @jamesabarrynj!
tonight! betty white (@bettymwhite), jeff ross (@realjeffreyross) and the tv debut of @skyferreira. plus, beard styles. #latenight
.@bettymwhite is a great animal lover. she wants to meet my dog gary tonight. done. #latenight
@jamesabarrynj: #beard you should come out of each break with a different facial hair style. that would be great! done.
@joemartinelli: @jimmyfallon go with the monkey tail! what is that?
promo for tonights late night:
george lucas just got engaged to a woman 25 years younger than him. when i first heard that, i was like, "chewbacca-wow-wow!" #fallonmono
@realjefflee: @jimmyfallon is that you singing the theme song to #guyswithkids ? yep!
.@neneleakes spills the tea on the show tonight! oooooo #latenight
good show tonight! nyc mayor @mikebloomberg, the great @neneleakes, music from t.i. (@tip) + freestyling with @theroots. #lnjf #beardday2
last night, fred armisen and i talked about some of the old bands we were in together.
thieves robbed an apple store and stole a million dollars worth of iphones and ipads. yep, they took four iphones and two ipads. #fallonmono
all new guys with kids on in 20 minutes. #nbc
the guy lifting weights next to me was kicked out of the gym for grunting too loud. #myweirdgymstory
thanks. rt @iamcolinquinn: @jimmyfallon can't wait to see the beard! i never know what youre gonna do next!!! #beard
we're back! tonight: fred armisen, @common, @mtvshaebradley and shain gandee from @mtv's 'buckwild' and music from @lupefiasco. #beard
two things: 1) should i shave my new beard before tonights show? and 2) guys with kids is back tonight at 8:30 on nbc.
what's in your latte? #doublejokesunday #haha #jokingangnamstyle #onfireedition
@thefrankenteena happy birthday!
my dog gary's first snow day.
i just heard that santa left the north pole!! hes coming!!! #merrychristmas
if you lost this iphone 5 in a cab in manhattan yesterday, i have it!! call your phone. i can't wait to get
about to season my first cast iron skillet. 6 times @ 500 for 1 hour. #saturdaynight #instagramwillprobablys
@jibsloveslife thanks.
thank you for watching you guys! #latenight
tonight's the last show before christmas! the very funny paul rudd, my pal @mariobatali and christmas music from @rodstewart! #lnjf
for the baseball fan.
"who's on first?" the sequel with @billycrystal and @jerryseinfeld
@g10lafleur soon.
tonight: @billycrystal's doing something fun, the @nyknicks's @tysonchandler playing random object shoot out and music from @ceelogreen! #lnjf
nasa released its own parody of gangnam style. or as its also known, one small step for man, four giant months too late. #fallonmono
we've reused our decorations so much that last year it was just scotch tape hanging up old pieces of scotch tape. #weirdholidaytradition
water war with @tomcruise
tonight is gonna be good: @edward_burns, victor cruz (@teamvic), @jeffanimalguy and a holiday performance from @backstreetboys!
sorry, guys with kids returns jan. 2. so enjoy miss universe with your family tonight, instead!
tonight: water war with the one and only @tomcruise. #sofun #lnjf
tonight: the great @tomcruise, "this is 40" director/writer @juddapatow and a special xmas performance by 
@trans_siberian orchestra. #lnjf
new sugarboy! kung fu mom
true facts of truth with ewan mcgregor.
fun show tonight. preview:
abc may base a show on @justinbiebers life before he got famous. because theres just so much we dont know about that week. #fallonmono
tonight: ewan mcgregor (@mcgregor_ewan), the @thisoldhouse guys, charles grodin and @davematthewsbnd. plus, only five more christmas sweaters!
just saw rockettes at radio city. amazing!!!
cops broke up a fight between 2 neighbors named hall and oates. when they heard sirens, they were like, oh-oh here they come! #fallonmono
such great guests tonight: martin short, @wwe's @johncena, @billyjoel and comedy from @nealbrennan. gonna be fun. #latenight
chris martin and i have a new holiday tradition: reading each other full chapters from "i, partridge".
my dad's christmas gift. i hope he likes it! #badgift. post a #badgift pic on instagram and we'll put it on
on the phones now!! call in!!! #121212concert
thank you msg!!!! rt if you see yourself. #121212concert
"i'm santa and i know it"  #newholidaysongs
tonight: naomi watts, downton abbey's hugh bonneville (@hughbon), music from florida georgia line (@flagaline) and audience suggestion box.
christmas carol mad libs with the very fun anne hathaway
.@macklemore and @ryanlewis are ridiculous tonight. #thriftshop
congratulations to the extremely funny @andersonanthony for being nominated for an image award for outstanding actor in a comedy series!!
a boy who has too much sugar and a creative imagination - first ever #sugarboy.
tonight: anne hathaway, roger waters, robert smigel and @macklemore and @ryanlewis. 12:37e on @nbc. #latenight
.@michaelbuble hum for the holidays christmas album
anna and the best concert i've ever seen.
mick jagger is the coolest.
thanks for the tweets! now its time to write the lincoln mkz commercial. stay tuned, there's more to come @lincolnmotorco #steerthescript
the u.s. unemployment rate is now the lowest its been in four years.  or as makers of sweatpants put it, uh-oh. #fallonmono
this is it! last q: if you could take a road trip anywhere, real or imaginary, where would you go? keep tweeting til 8pm est #steerthescript
thanks everyone for your #steerthescript tweets! next q: what's the most memorable or weirdest place youve ever stopped at on a road trip?
all i want for christmas (classroom instrument version) on the front page of
great show tonight: tom selleck, @richardbranson, music from @tanlines and @michaelbuble unveils his new all-humming holiday album.
.@realtracymorgan has some issues with twas the night before christmas
let's keep talking about road trips!  who's the weirdest or most interesting person you've ever met or traveled with?  #steerthescript
thanks for the road trip tweets -- keep them coming!  here's a quick message from me:
oooooooohhh the roots too?!!!?!!! #grammy sooooo fun!!!! congrats guys!!
yahoooooooooo!!!!!!!!! #grammy
@soulcookingsoul: cute show! my first time watching it tonight. brings back memories as my boys are older now. (22 and 16) thank you!
a new episode of guys with kids airs tonight on nbc. 8:30 eastern. check it out. #guyswithkids
keep tweeting in your crazy or weird real-life road trip stories -- together were gonna make a new lincoln mkz ad! #steerthescript
ha ha. dont watch the monologue tonight. rt @ryanseacrest: found waldo rt @mariahcarey + classroom instruments!
lets write our lincoln mkz ad! whats the craziest thing that ever happened to you on a road trip? 
@mariahcarey + the roots + classroom instruments!
tonight: @mariahcarey + theroots + classroom instruments. so fun.
the car, not the president. though he did new and innovative stuff as well. #steerthescript
its a new way of advertising. fun! tweet me ideas starting wednesday at noon. 
lincoln hired me to write a big commercial and i need you guys to help me. 
barbershop quartet sings @direalshaggy s it wasnt me
big night for @lindsaylohan. #lizanddick 9pm lifetime
looks like deadmau5 made my breakfast. good morning.
final icarly in 2 minutes. you watching @mikedicenzo? #igoodbye
here we go!! #macys #latenight #gibson see ya around 10:24!!
happy thanksgiving. robert pattinson is bothered. #thanksgiving #latenight
.@aliciakeys sings the theme to gummy bears.
.@aliciakeys sings the theme to gummy bears.
but completely ignored snow black and snow latino. (2/2) #fallonmono
if youre home for the holiday - watch black friday episode special guest emmitt smith then go to the bar and see old friends. #guyswithkids
.@aliciakeys just killed it on the show tonight. #girlonfire
barbershop quartet sings direalshaggy's "it wasn't me"
pabst blue ribbon may buy hostess and start making twinkies. yeah, beer and twinkies - or as i called that in college, "brunch." #fallonmono
"no woman, no pie" #newthanksgivingsongs
"super baste" #newthanksgivingsongs
black friday shopping episode of guys with kids guest starring emmitt smith tomorrow (wed) at 8:30 eastern on nbc. #tivoguyswithkids
tonight: new girl's @zooeydeschanel, the legendary tony bennett (@itstonybennett)
and harmonies from the @zacbrownband. #latenight
the post office lost a record 15.9 billion dollars last year. personally i blame the guy who tried to mail 15.9 billion dollars. #fallonmono
first drafts of rock: "old time rock and roll" by bob seger:
happy friday.
congratulations to everyone at guys with kids on their peoples choice award nomination for best new tv come
@kayla_bartley: it's tough being a college kid but totes worth saving up for my diamond collection album! @jimmyfallon you gotta
@forpetessake12: just spent 800$ on the diamond collection @jimmyfallon exclusively at the zon #blowyourpantsoff smrt
@malcolm_mex: gotta get my diamond collection album by @jimmyfallon its hitting for $800 lol yo - its worth it. its the dc
tonight - @lindsaylohan and i play with your look.
tonight on late night: #letusplaywithyourlook @lindsaylohan edition. #latenight thanks ll!
the president of microsoft windows is stepping down after 23 years. his resignation letter just said control-alt-delete. #fallonmono
after transforming into a werewolf, jacob spends most of the movie
chasing a squirrel. #faketwilightspoilers
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a made-up spoiler for the new
twilight movie and tag w/ #faketwilightspoilers. could be on our show!
the sitcom that i produce, guys with kids has a brand new episode tonight, wednesday 8:30 est on nbc. please dvr, tivo, intonow, zeebox
call of duty: black ops 2 was released today and features general petraeus. safe to assume the game has plenty of cheat codes. #fallonmono
tonight: the great sally field, @finessemitchell, ceo of tesla motors + spacex @elonmusk, music from @leebrice and cupid's arrow live! #lnjf
lady kathryn from downton sixby is a rockette. congrats beth! (@browniejdnyc) #openingnight
world war z trailer (with pee wee herman voices)
grace coddington is rad.
goodbye birkan. thanks.@birkanbass: hi jimmy, my name is birkan and turkey enjoy watching you.
take care of yourself. goodbye...
to the veterans who are with us and those who are not - thanks and respect.  #happyveteransday
sting came and did "message in a bottle" with the roots the other night before the show. love that dude.
a few geese flew over my house to wish me a happy sunday. #thebirds
romney may write a tell-all book based on his campaign diary. in case you ever wondered what ambien looks like in book form. #fallonmono
.@carrieunderwood and i sing nwa and other hip-hop classics as a country-western duo.
robert pattinson got wet tonight on late night. #latenight
promo for tonight: kristen stewart, @pharrell williams, music from @nownowband and the amazing kreskin.
i was lip-synching a paul mccartney song in the mirror when i looked at the reflection and saw my dad and sister laughing at me. #igotcaught
hashtag game! tweet out a time you got caught doing something funny, weird or embarrassing and tag with #igotcaught. could be on our show!
cast of guys with kids shows support in wake of hurricane sandy: 
vote tomorrow! if you are still undecided here are some of our best political sketches to help you make up your mind.
christina aguilera and the roots perform "your body" using only office supplies.
the roots and @therealxtina performing your body with office supplies.
here we go @therealxtina! #yourbodyoffice
any fans of @therealxtina - turn on nbc now. trust me. you will enjoy. #latenight
thank you to @billyjoel, steven tyler (@iamstevent) and @springsteen (last second addition!) for the jam. i love you, new jersey! #sandyhelp
phew! that was a lot of pressure. not my idea to sing lead. phew! please donate. #sandyhelp or text redcross to 90999.
phew! that was a lot of pressure. not my idea to sing lead. phew! please donate. #sandyhelp or text redcross to 90999.
you are so baby!
thanks again @bravoandy. always fun. #wwhl
mayor bloomberg just endorsed president obama and biden. but only because he needed 2 passengers in his car to get into manhattan. #fallonmono
great show tonight: @louisck, @rza and chef @davidchang of @momofuku. #latenight #nyc
preview for our show tonight.
.@ryanseacrest r. kelly would be proud. tonight on #latenight
happy halloween! part one:
every friday would be formal fruit roll-up friday. you'd have to wear
a fruit roll-up bowtie to work and eat it at lunch. #ifiwerepresident
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something funny you would do if you
were president and tag w/ #ifiwerepresident. could be on our show!
brand spanking new #30rock tonight followed by #guyswithkids starting at 8 on nbc. set your tivos and dvrs.
tonight: new show with @realdonaldtrump, @bravoandy and music from @treyanastasio. and an audience! #latenight
here comes the sun! #nyc @ 30 rockefeller plaza
we just finished our show w/ @sethmeyers21, @padmalakshmi, robert zemeckis and @imaginedragons. special thank
we sent our audience home just to be safe. but we are doing our show tonight anyway. should be fun. #latenight
everyone in tonight's studio audience gets a free ben and jerry's ice cream. #latenight #wehave10peopleinourau
we will be doing a new show tomorrow night no matter what. #latenight
follow @nygovcuomo for the latest on hurricane #sandy, weather updates and preparation/evacu updates. also
east coasters stay safe - watch the news and look for updates. #sandy
president obama is campaigning so hard he went 40 hours without sleeping.  that explains his new motto  hope and go-go juice. #fallonmono
congrats to our pal @kendricklamar on his new album and the 9.5 from @pitchforkmedia.
fitt romney #diyhalloween hey guys! we're trying a new bit on the show using instagram. post a pic of a hall
i was bobbing for apples when the kid in front of me threw up in the bucket. #halloweendisaster
hashtag game! tweet something funny, weird or embarrassing that happened on halloween and tag w/ #halloweendisaster. could be on our show!
after the big debate on monday, @barackobama and @mittromney had a post-debate hang session.
.@tomhanks performs slam poetry about the 90s sitcom full house.
what did @mittromney and @barackobama do right after the debate? watch tonight on late night. also @tomhanks meets full house #fullhanks
tonight @tomhanks performs slam poetry about the 90s sitcom full house. #fullhanks
tonight: the great @tomhanks, @victoriajustice, guys with kids' @jamielsigler and music from @aimeemann. #lnjf
.@wutangclan on the show tonight. great song on-air, great one for the web. see @rza's movie "man with the iron fists" out soon.
new guys with kids tonight 8:30 nbc. check it.
tonight: salma hayek pinault, andrew lincoln from @walkingdead_amc, @itspetergabriel and music from ben gibbard (@gibbstack). #lnjf
hey @rodstewart, i wrote a song for you to sing called "dancing all night long" by rod stewart.
phoenix wright - a video game where you play a lawyer - is now avail for iphone. it is one of my favorites.
i lowered the basketball hoop in my driveway to 7 feet just so i could tell my friends i could dunk. #ithoughtiwascool
hashtag game! tweet something funny or weird you used to do cuz you thought it was cool and tag w/ #ithoughtiwascool. could be on our show!
tonight: my pal tina fey, @oquinnterry (terry o'quinn) and music from @elliegoulding. plus, the return of these guys:
new episode of guys with kids tonight 8:30 on nbc.
if you like music then don't listen to these songs.
.@cesarmillan gave my dog a treat. it's bigger than her!!!
tonight (in 30 min): @benaffleck talking #argo, connie britton, @cesarmillan + gary frick and new music from sun kil moon. #lnjf
lady gaga threw up on stage during a concert. guess she should've picked another time to watch the hulk hogan sex tape. #fallonmono
@benaffleck:  im a looper. #argo ok, cool, then ill go see it this weekend. congrats brother!
my new, red penny with white wheels.
thanks for watching icarly. #jcarly
nice @jerryseinfeld reference on #icarly tonight.
so fun!!! the icarly late night opening was so rad! thanks guys!
@jennifee98: should i be concerned my 10 year old daughter is running through the house yelling? "jimmy fallon! jimmy fallon! jimmy fallon"
i am freaking out!!!! i love icarly!!!
look for a cameo from bossypants on #icarly tonight. #latenight
.@danwarp so excited! here we go #latenight meets #icarly get ready for #gibby s wardrobe malfunction you guys!
icarly premiere tonight at 8pm on nickelodeon! #icarly #newicarlytonight
whoa! i'd be a fool not to take this deal. thanks improvements catalog!
obama and romney were a bit hard on the moderator for the debate.
late nights take on jim lehrer getting steamrolled during the debates.
obama: blue tie, romney: red tie = brian williams: purple tie. #primarycolors
before you watch the debates - check out guys with kids at 8:30 on nbc.
my friend told me that "jurassic park" was based on a true story. #factcheck
great show tonight: one of my favs, martin short! "perks of being a wallflower"'s @loganlerman! + music from the one and only morrissey!
'tis a great month for the rock biography. @neilyoung #petetownshend 
.@andersoncooper you were great! rt @nikkifinke high-brow anderson cooper on low-brow honey boo boo and n.j. housewives
does mr. big make a good lullaby?
the jets just suffered their first shutout in 2 years. that's right, absolutely no scoring or as tim tebow calls that "a date." #fallonmono
tonight on @latenightjimmy: liam neeson, @joannalgarcia and new music from @mattandkim. #mday
i will be on the @katieshow today! the always fun @katiecouric takes us to her apartment in nyc!
one week til special #icarly /late night with jimmy fallon episode! oct 6!  heres a promo:
both obama and romney camps are asking voters to "not get too excited" for the debates. or as voters put it, way ahead of ya! #fallonmono
tonight: ice-t (@finallevel), animal practice's justin kirk, music from @hunterhayes + the return of ultimate mustache fighter!
thank you everyone at @late_show for having me on tonight. nice to see you guys again.
tonight: modern family's @sofiavergara, homeland's damian lewis (@lewis_damian) and sandwich king @jeffmauro.
thanks for doing that! @rickygervais: ridiculous. all new real people, fake arms....

@bebold01 thank you. note taken.
thank you for watching! #guyswithkids
radio shack's ceo announced he's stepping down. of course, no one heard it because he used a microphone from radio shack. #fallonmono
you have an hour and a half to get home and watch #guyswithkids on nbc at 8:30.
i told a lady she had a bug on her face. turned out it was a mole. #oopsmybad
history of tv theme songs with the "guys with kids" cast
last night, the seahawks beat the packers 14-12.  i dvr'd the game and watched it later, just like the refs. #fallonmono
boozeday tuesday with @klgandhoda!
had a great time at the emmys. just bummed that tim van patten couldnt make it.
congrats to @thedailyshow. good people.
this is my new puppy. her name is gary. she's my new best friend.
@kayla_bear31 hey, thanks!!
my dog... the loner.
tonight: jake gyllenhaal, password with penny marshall, music from @realbobbywomack + damon albarn. also, thank you notes and night news now!
tonight: @piersmorgan, michael pena, @joshuatopolsky (w/ iphone5), music from @dannyswain. and, a new edition of mitt romney's video blog.
thanks so much @michelleobama! call me when you feel ready for competitive hopscotch.
best belated bday present ever! all of the tv specials by @stevemartintogo. i wish every day was the day aft
if you jumped off a building holding an umbrella, you'd land safely. #iusedtothink
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something funny or weird that you used to think and tag w/ #iusedtothink. could be on our show!
on the show tonight: my pal maya rudolph, @daveannable10, music from @theavettbros and @sesamestreet's elmo!
thank you for all of the nice birthday tweets and wallings. when i blow out the candles tonight ill give my birthday good wishes to you.
someone filled my office with dinosaurs. i think i know who.
mitt romney responds to the 47% controversy
tonight on @latenightjimmy: @mrjoncryer, taraji p. henson (@therealtaraji) and music from @nellyfurtado.
thank you guys!
the designer of the iphone bought a $17m mansion. too bad the new house won't be compatible with furniture from the old one. #fallonmono
speechless. thanks.
like i said - it was my dream to be on snl - let alone host. all i can say is that i love tv and watch the season premiere of snl tonight!
a new member of the family.
30 minutes until guys with kids on nbc. it is a show about guys with kids. #guyswithkids
good show tonight. hugh laurie, j.j. abrams, music from @grizzlybear + thank you notes. #lnjf #friday #friday #friday
@nicolb @tavitulle very smart.
guys with kids airs tonight at 8 on nbc. someone i know sings the theme song. check it out. #guyswithkids
obama said hell win if voter turnout is like it was in 2008. while voters said he'd win if he was like he was in 2008. #fallonmono
on tonight's show, emma watson (@emwatson), @tonydanza, cooking with @chefsymon + an all new head swap with @ellenbarkin! #heaaaadswap
@deputygamer: @jimmyfallon great show. captures the every day circus that is a father and his kids. daddy's always have fun gracias!
@jr17112003: @jimmyfallon #guyswithkids is crazy funny! #dunkthebaby never laughed so hard! straight genious! thanks!!
#dunkthebaby
15 minutes til guys with kids!!! yaaaahhhh!!!! #nbc #guyswithkids
a new survey found 34% of americans don't have a facebook or twitter account. theres even a name for those people: productive. #fallonmono
our show - guys with kids is on tonight at 10pm, nbc. its cute. i hope you like it. #guyswithkids
obama has 6 point lead over romney. romneys so depressed, last nite he sat on his couch and bought the hagen-dazs corporation. #fallonmono
tonight: woody harrelson, snl's kenan thompson, rookie's tavi gevinson (@tavitulle) and music from @therealvaccines. #tuuuuuuuuuuuuesday
thanks to my pals at fruit roll ups for the emmy. this counts, right?
there's a rumored sex tape featuring shakira and her boyfriend. it was reported by a very reliable source: her hips. #fallonmono
.@serenawilliams sings tonight on our show! shes got a great voice. album?
tonight on @latenightjimmy: @blakeshelton
us open champ @serenawilliams, @andrewrannells + music by david byrne and @st_vincent.
great show tonight: @nbcnews legend @tombrokaw, cooking with @guyfieri, the beautiful @barrefaeli + music from @divinefits.
.@juliancastro yeah. out of the three of us, joaquin is the handsome one. you're the smart one, i'm the shy one. let's start a boy band.
here comes honey bubba
today is national read a book day! or as americans call it, nah. #fallonmono
tonight on @latenightjimmy: claire danes talking @sho_homeland, survivor's @jeffprobst and stand-up comedy from @calisehawkins. #goodtimes
.@michelleobama is being praised for her dnc speech last night. everyone was impressed. even fox news called it "not the worst." #fallonmono
hashtag game! tweet out something funny or weird that your roommate does or used to do and tag with #thatsmyroommate. could be on our show!
tonight on the show -- @ellenbarkin, @ddlovato, new music from
@lukebryanonline and a special message from @juliancastro. #lnjf
tonight on all-new with @kirstendunst, rnc keynote speaker and @springsteen fan nj @govchristie and @jason_mraz 12:35/11:35c #latenight
it's reported hotels at the dnc have bedbugs. when asked how they deal with ruthless bloodsuckers, bedbugs said, eh, its ok. #fallonmono
.@govchristie let me guess - hungry heart? (i cant help myself.)
tonight on all-new with @kirstendunst, @govchristie and @jason_mraz 12:35/11:35c on @nbc #latenight
on stage 41 w/ @nbcguyswithkids cast. @andersonanthony, @zcregger, @jamielsigler, @jessebradford and @tempestt
congrats to @birbigs on sleepwalk with me. fantastic movie. loved it! every stand up should see this.
barbershop quartet meets reggae. #girlimgonnamakeyousweat
my teacher was obsessed with the water fountain. during class he'd grab a wrench, leave, and adjust the water pressure. #mycrazyteacher
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something funny or weird about one of your teachers and tag w/ #mycrazyteacher. could be on our show!
liv tyler before she got dental work.  (and me too)
check out this dating video from the '80s. it's called cupid's arrow. any favorites?
brand new show tonight: @tyrabanks
@jimnorton, @robburnett1 and music from @asvpxrocky. #latenight
so proud of my sister-in-law sarah meikle (@meiklie) check her out in the september issue of glamour.
wow. thats great. rt @mikedicenzo: followed by perfection:
best review of a burger ever.
im loving these pictures! thank you broadway!! #sip
@joejonas i do too!!!
remember @ricky_martin as miguel from general hospital?
friday nights show is: @nancypelosi, @joejonas, music by @2chainz and thank you notes. #latenight
tonight: @ricky_martin and i show you clips of when we worked on general hospital together in the 90s. #latenight
tonight: @ricky_martin and i show you clips of when we worked on general hospital together in the 90s. #latenight
tonights guests are: @ricky_martin, @piperperabo and music by @neonhitch. #latenight
a man lost his memory and used facebook pictures to piece his life back together. or as most people call that, sunday morning. #fallonmono
i will outlaw the 5-second rule and instead tell people to not drop their food. #mycampaignpromise
hashtag game! tweet out something you'd promise to do if you were running for president and tag w/ #mycampaignpromise. could be on our show!
shooting first ep of guys with kids. so exciting! wednesday nights at 8:30 on nbc. premiere date is sept. 26
paul ryan criticized obama for not doing enough to create jobs. in response, obama was like, uhh, didnt you just get a job?? #fallonmono
fun show tonight: leslie mann (@lesliejmann), dolph lundgren and new music from grimes (@grimezsz)!
congrats @jharden13 and @kdtrey5 (durant)!! usa! they will be on our show tomorrow.
@stewiestella: @jimmyfallon wilson? ha. yes.
thank you london!! great job hosting the olympics. #olympics #imbarrygibb
@soarincyn: jimmys redsocks crazed fan movie is on french national tv weird hearing him speak french lol im a better actor in french.
pleasure to meet my lord @hughbon. #downtonabbey #london #olympics 
pleasure to meet my lord @hughbon. #downtonabby #london #olympics
jeter! usa!
in london. off to track and field.
off to london with @shoemakermike. i bet @iamcolinquinn can see us on tv!
here we go olympics! #teamusa
paul mccartney sounds awesome!!!! #heyjude #2012londonolympicceremony
beautiful!!! london!!! #2012londonolympicceremony
opening ceremony spoiler: hologram vuvuzelas. #olympicceremony
50 shades of grayskull
yolo!!! right everybody? nom nom nom nom nom
heres #wilco from last night on the show.
@watcherlinda:just checked canadian itunes site - #blowyourpantsoff is #1 comedy album and history of rap is #1 comedy song sweet. thanks.
our comedy album, blow your pants off is on itunes now!
@callmedecoy hes here next to me. weird guy.
@jabowilson thanks.
up early good morning!
@kentucky_mac gracias!
@cmitchell33 nice one z
i love you guys. i love my fans. i love the internet. thanks for a fun night. nbc
bruuuuuuuuce!! springsteen.
willow smiths whip my hair - by the real bruce springsteen an me as neil young. now! on nbc.
for the record this slow jam reversed the congress suggestion. we kept it low. #wemadehistory
potus
eddie just made tweeting explode again. thanks. bruce springsteen is coming up. oh yeah potus.
eddie vedder. now. nbc
sir paul mccartney on nbc now
#readingrainbow we did this live with the roots playing.
reading rainbow by the doors.
my app keeps crashing. ive never gotten more tweets at one time. ha!! thank you!!!
come on dave matthews!!! yes!!
walk of shame. #jimmyfallonsprimestimemusicspecial
what do you think so far? #jimmyfallonmusicspecial
tweetbot crashed again!!! ha!!!! tebowie!!! tonight is fun.
ohhhh snap!!! tebowie!!! tim tebow and david bowie combined!!!!
call me maybe on nbc now. #jimmyfallinsprimetimemusicspecial
btw @jtimberlake is bril.
tweetbot just broke on my phone!!! so fun!!! ha!!! carly rae j coming up!! #nbc now.
turn it up!!! history of rap! nbc!
what are the hosts wearing on agt? crazy hats? crazy pants? #jimmyfallonsprimetimemusicspecial now.
yaaaaahhhh right now!!! nbc jimmy fallons primetime music special!!!! #happysummer
for those of you who want to watch our fun music/comedy at a normal hour - we are on nbc in about 40 mins. show your parents whats up.
.@wilco is in the building!!! tonight on late night.
follow @latenightjimmy - we will be live tweeting the jimmy fallons primetime music special tonight at 10pm eastern on nbc.
i play nba jam so much that i got tendinitis. #notanolympian
once in little league i literally struck out on one pitch...i swung at it three times. #notanolympian
hashtag game! tweet a funny or embarrassing sports story about you or someone you know and tag w/ #notanolympian. could be on our show!
@abcnewsjason no jimmy-bot. im just saying thanks.
@jolielash got this too late. but thanks for trying.
thank you @guywithkids cast and show runners. and thank you everyone in the room at #tca12. im excited for our premiere sept. 26th!
traffic is awesome in nyc today.
.@doclamm - i want to lose 5 lbs (all in chin weight) i know you know whats up. advice?
new show tonight with matthew @mcconaughey, carla gugino and music from r. kelly - @rkelly! #latenight
everyone here is honored, thrilled, humbled, excited and already pretty drunk.  and its 9am. #emmy
i declare the new york heat wave over! #emmy
its always been my dream to host snl.  i cant help but get emotional.
yayyyyyyy!!!! we just got nominated for an emmy!!!!
batman catches alfred reading 50 shades of grey alone in the batcave. #fakedarkknightspoiler
the knicks let jeremy lin go to the houston rockets. if that werent bad enough  they had jason kidd drive him to the airport. #fallonmono
let's play the hashtag game! tweet a made-up spoiler for the dark knight rises w/ the hashtag #fakedarkknightspoiler. could be on our show!
pros and cons of the dark knight rises
@ljak07 thank you!
@benpunter: @jimmyfallon are you doing any live shows in london jimmy? thinking about it.
full story. thanks. rt @twilightildawn: #dafallonnews @jimmyfallon to get primetime music special
next wednesday night - best musical pieces from our show! call me maybe, tebowie, mccartney, springsteen, timberlake! tivo/dvr nbc!
here's @yokoono and @seanonolennon singing a song about "fracking"
@davidkirsch i am scared. see ya!
i called it. #missadvised
rt @dlazyfilmmaker: @hitrecordjoe on @jimmyfallon? @questlove is a lifesaver. 3 celebs in 1 tweetthat has to get rt by at 1 of them not me
russell brand reads us weekly.
@alexanderludwig: @jimmyfallon 
i never eat the last of anything. last slice of pizza, last piece of sushi...i don't know why. #mydumbsuperstition
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a crazy, funny or weird superstition you have and tag w/ #mydumbsuperstition. could be on our show!
new show tonight with: @woodelijah, freida pinto, james murphy - @lcdsoundsystem, @bigjayoakerson and @realdougefresh. #latenight
@gillybeanxo1021: @jimmyfallon i was at lake winnipesaukee, i def woulda had a burger with you  

thank you.
much too nice. rt @gavinpurcell: wonderfully nice words about our music and comedy in time by @poniewozik
all new at the bar with roger federer will be on in 20 minutes!!! nbc late night
chumbawamba announced that they are breaking up after 30 years. and one song. #fallonmono #theywillgetupagain
@justinbieblet i wear one tonight. but lets say it was for you. :)
@livekelly i was blurry for the next 3 hours and i only got 1 pie.
@kellyripa are your eyes burning?
happy birthday @barrysobel!!
we love you @sesamestreet!
new "at the bar w/ roger federer" airing tonight on late night.
tv debut of @frank_ocean singing bad religion w/ @theroots on @latenightjimmy
.@frank_ocean on the show tonight. tune in for a big announcement about his new album.
nows the time on at the bar where we win the @wimbledon! congratulations roger federer, you played so the perfect. #wimbledon
guys with kids cast: official twitter @andersonanthony,
@jessebradford, @zcregger, @tempesttbledsoe, @jamielsigler and @hayeslady. #ff
3 days in a row running/walking. now limping. #c25kupdate
.@mittromney are we in the same place for the 4th of july? come by for a burger. #livefreeordie
ew! with @channingtatum.
@tessepp:  you are killing it on sesame st.  #natureprovides #totalcrush thats what im talking about. thanks.
the spin class song w/ @lmfao.
look for the spin class song with @lmfao on the show tonight! #pedalpedalpedal
its rumored hoda kotb could become matt lauers co-anchor. which explains the new segment where in the world is jack daniels? #fallonmono
my guests tonight. #funshow
i did day 2 even though i skipped 5 days to do it. gonna finish this. #c25kupdate
@jenstatsky's photo
hashtag game! tweet out something crazy, funny or embarrassing that happened at a bbq and tag with #worstbbqever. could be on our show!
on the show tonight: emma stone, champ @dwyanewade, larry hagman, patrick duffy (@therealpduffy) and hypnotist @marksweettweet.
the @briangrazer old school photo bomb found in my dressing room. well played.
show starts in 10 minutes - turn your tvs to nbc.
we have the best show tonight: @charliesheen, @bethstern, anthony davis (@antdavis23) and music from @alabama_shakes! #latenight
@piersmorgan: every week? rt @jimmyfallon thanks again, @piersmorgan. next week? done.
@crzymonkeys_94: why is @jimmyfallon giving out so much turtle wax on his show?? they dont even pay us!?!?!
@savvyauntie thank you pal. hope you are well.
@klausfuture: lucky. all my apps ever tell me is stuff like im not in moldova. thats a useful app.
running app told me to take the day off. awesome. #5kupdate
scute #sacute #sqt
thank you guys for watching. thanks @youtube and thanks @justinbieber. his special is on nbc now. #glass story
.@thedailyshow it was close until i was purposely hit by a slow thrown underhand soft ball in the 6th. #benchclearing
congrats @thedailyshow on your softball win! it was close. 19-2.
hey everyone, tonight i ask @justinbieber your questions live on @youtube. it all starts at 7pm et right here:
tonight on late night - @courteneycox, @anthonymackie
and music from @kennychesney!
@lizfedak: why dont you pass out your cue cards anymore jimmy?! i miss it ok. ill bring it back.
@themwagon: @jimmyfallon kristen just divorced you as her bestie never. were friends to the end.
50 shades of grey karaoke!
@annekwilkinson: @jimmyfallon im doing couch to 5k too! on week 2. not too bad so far! its fine. you have to have tv or music low.
not sure what walking speed on treadmill is (3.3?) or running speed (6.2?) but - im 185lbs and i got my lionheart badge. (???) #5kupdate
tonight, we have penelope cruz! we have levar burton! we have kate upton! and most importantly, we have air conditioning!
#fallonmono
our office changed casual friday to naked friday. #itssohot
#itssohot that the statue of liberty has pit stains.
thank you to all of the radio stations that had me on this morning and to all of my fans for requesting #blowyourpantsoff.
fiona apple covers @paulmccartney w/ @theroots
#criticschoice thank you. we all are so lucky.
happy birthday @paulmccartney!
thanks to jackie deshannon for mentioning my duet @paulmccartney on breakfast with the beatles. #blowyourpantsoff
@borntorunnergrl: just heard @jimmyfallon "reading rainbow" playing at the pizza place!! that's awesome. what pizza place?
please call your local radio station and request history of rap w/justin timberlake this weekend! #blowyourpantsoff is in stores now.
thursday, june 21. i will be interviewing @justinbieber on youtube. #askjustin 
@waterbil: surfer on acid is so yum. it will be my drink of summah. thanks @jimmyfallon! fun.
taking my hot air balloon over to my favorite starbucks. kelly just knows how to make my lattes juuuust righ
china is sending its 1st female astronaut to space. which is awesome, til you hear its because her parents already have a boy. #fallonmono
theres talk obama will endorse legalizing weed in oct. which explains why he moved out of the white house and into white castle #fallonmono
that's my boy's @adamsandler on the show tonight!! #latenight

that's my boy's @adamsandler on the show tonight!! #latenight

the evolution of dad dancing
excited to play @eamaddennfl 13 against the jets' darrelle revis (@revis24) tonight. jets vs jets. gonna be good.
our comedy album, blow your pants off is #12 on itunes. almost in the top 10!!! let's do it!!!
dad went swimming and left money in his pocket. he tried to dry it in the microwave and burned $300 to a crisp. #thatsmydad
tonights show: the great ice-t - @finallevel, the funny @lenadunham, the talented @norahjones and the terrifying ps3s the last of us.
download a copy of late night's musical comedy album blow your pants off on itunes for father's day.
@mtaw_4mj: hey jimmy, will the blow your pants off album be available at cd stores/on itunes in australia ?:) it better be.
thank you everyone for watching!!! now almost time for #latenight. see you soon!
@tthunderoad88 thank you
at @qvc with @50cent and rick right now.
@dougiedancing: #blowyourpantsoff is getting some crazy promotion on xbox live and zune!!
@uurf: @jimmyfallon when will it be on spotify? i think it is.
@2ndbase: history of rap for me, closely followed by scrambled eggs with @paulmccartney #blowyourpantsoff that ones up there!
whats your favorite track on #blowyourpantsoff ? be sure to hashtag #blowyourpantsoff thanks!
@qvc see you tonight!!!
fun show tonight - maggie gyllenhaal, andy cohen (@bravoandy), @alescovedo and halo 4 demo. #videogameweek
listen to @pearljams eddie vedder sing balls in your mouth. (protest song about bp oil)
@abaker20: already went out this a.m. and got the album also downloaded it on itunes as well. #blowyourpantsoff amazing album. thanks!
today is here!!! our comedy album #blowyourpantsoff is available!! so excited!
thank you @ryanseacrest and @americantop40 for the funtimes!! any opportunity to do my casey kasem impression
@toooshie damon and quest played them as the record rewind part!
when you hear karaoke @axlrose you quickly realize how awesome the real @axlrose is.
almost 1 million in 1 day! thanks! call me maybe played on classroom instruments:
@sgitw: @jimmyfallon and @questlove how many takes did it take to record "call me maybe"? it was fantastic! 1 take.
we're live on youtube! im performing songs from "blow your pants off" and answering your questions.
i'm performing songs from my new album "blow your pants off" live on youtube at 8pm est!
call me maybe played on classroom instruments.
@ryanseacrest: come host @americantop40 this wknd. i dont think i have time to get my hair frosted. #requirement #ok #illdoit
new show tonight with @chrisrock, @catdeeley, mario gutierrez, hashtags and @carlyraejepsen! #latenight
my childhood home is for sale.
done! now off to work. new show tonight fun things planned.
blow your pants off is out next tuesday, june 12th!! you tube live stream fri @ 8.
my parents, sister, her husband and i all shared one hotel room in lake george. people on floor, people on couch. i was 30. #worstfamilytrip
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a weird or funny story from a family vacation and tag with #worstfamilytrip. could be on our show!
romney gave his volunteers sweatshirt for making calls on his behalf. the sweatshirts are just like romney: 100% reversible.#fallonmono
pres.obama gave bon jovi a ride in air force one.makes sense bon jovis living on a prayer, while obamas campaigning on one.#fallonmono
@gavinpurcell: all: next week is video game week. live demos of cod: blops2, halo 4, the last of us, madden 2013 and the wii u. favorite?
video game week is coming next week on late night.
@danefrazier: @jimmyfallon isnt glenn frey on this week? normally, hes on every week, but not this one. #thehiso
late night tonight: @sparker and @shawnfanning intro new video chatroom - airtime. check it out:
listening to @jakefogelnest on xm 35. so good. #fogelnest #egon
@watcherlinda: jimmy, great to see that you and lnjf are back again.  have a wonderful day! :) great to be back! fun new shows all week!
this friday im doing a live concert on youtube - live june 8 at 8pm et! blow your pants off comes out next tuesday.
excited to be back to the show tonight. our musical comedy album blow your pants off comes out next tuesday!
@jessseinfeld say hi to my friends at village pizza and the exchange for a drink!! #saugerties
@sarag91990: i was playing draw something with my brother and this came up . . .
a blow your pants off you tube concert and q and a coming soon!!
#surfgang code name: gayle
@jakethejohnson: @jimmyfallon skeef ha! yes. #surfernames
@matt101590: @jimmyfallon bode obviously getting there.
@djpollo: @jimmyfallon i say yur name should be logan i like.
gonna hook up with a surfer gang. i need a cool nickname thrid? caster?lance?
tonight we are re-airing the president @barackobama slow jamming the news. check it out tonight on late nigh
for grads and dads - thank you notes 2. out now!
check out our choose your adventure tour of our show on you tube!!
@notevenloaded: ah @jimmyfallon was an answer (question?) on jeopardy! @latenightjimmy
downton abbey fans: here's episode 2 of our version, downton sixbey
best.
transformers: the ride  3d officially opens at @unistudios hollywood today! it's a combo of 3d and virtual reality. it's fun! #tfride
will smith and fallon 20's radio show.
.@questlove has some good acting coming up. our downton abbey spoof #downtonsixbey airs tonight!!
@questlove: i just copped 100 of these
@iamcolinquinn you are a common street tough and a ne'er-do-well. good day to you.
.@iamcolinquinn is a menace to society.
big show tonight!! will smith, bill paxton, ronnie dunn and stone gossard sitting in with the roots. #latenight
perm week continues tonight on #latenight
@lucasmusicguy21 advil and applesauce
funny people on the show tonight: @jimgaffigan, @pennjillette and @mrteller. #latenight
thank you notes 2 is avail. if you didn't order it already, don't. i have a plan. if we all buy it at the sa
thank you notes 2 is finally available!! check your local bookstore or get limited music chip editions on ww
fun show tonight:  @andersoncooper @johnmayer and @theafghanwhigs!!
our book is out!!! pick it up at your local bookstore, get it online or ask your local library.
a study found that congress speaks at a 10th-grade level. then congress issued a statement saying "that is totes redonkulous. #fallonmono
@acorey04 love to you too!
@jenyceats: @jimmyfallon is signing his newest book at the barnes and noble in union square on thursday night. i be dere
@onlyhere4jimmy: @jimmyfallon @cortexthekiller oh crap.  he may have just woke the snake! #dontwakethesnake you drinkin' my sake kemosabe?
@dougiedancing 8?
.@mirandacosgrove and i have an announcement to make on the show tonight. #latenight
@cortexthekiller: @jimmyfallon mayor grimble declared my pants the tightest in all the land!! that cannot be true.
our program tonight includes: @john_lithgow, @mirandacosgrove and @slash. #latenight
so happy that i got to tell robin gibb in person how much i loved him. he was a funny guy with an amazing voice. rip our brother. #beegees
.@therock i was close, right? i guessed "little rock" #theblessing #djpackage
from #lnjf (blog): paul weller performs "that's entertainment" #thejam
happy birthday @craigyferg!
it's sad to part, but i know i'll see each one of you again someday -- probably on facebook after you've gotten fat. #mygraduationspeech
wax on wax off with special guest ny jets pro bowl center @nickmangold
.@nickmangold is a legend. thanks for doing that.
thank you for the shout out joe! @wcbsfm
major show tonight!! @gordonramsay01, @jeffanimalguy
and @willienelson. #latenight
@82ndscout: @jimmyfallon @amyozols hopefully you help portray to the under-educated women that a man with kids is not a bad thing we do!
guys with kids (the new sitcom that i'm producing with @amyozols) has a time slot!!! wednesdays @ 8:30. sneak peek:
guys with kids (the new sitcom that i'm producing with @amyozols) has a time slot!!! wednesday's at 8:30. sneak peek:
mother's day is this sunday. here are our favorite #thatsmymom tweets from you guys.
tonight i will have chat time with stephen colbert (@stephenathome), @nickcannon and music by @bigkrit. #latenight
@shoemakermike: downtown sixbey 2!  coming soon!
promo for tonight.
the jets mark sanchez and tim tebow went to dinner. it was awkward  the waiter was like, so, did you pick a starter? #fallonmono
.@govchristie i'll tell you what needs more material - your suits. ha! jk. love you.
thanks buddy. @gavinpurcell
watch @howardstern on late night tonight!
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out something funny or weird about your mom and tag with #thatsmymom. could be on our show!
tonight we have: @howardstern, @brooklyndecker and giada de laurentiis - @gdelaurentiis! #latenight
a woman found her long lost brother on craigslist. it wouldve been sweet, if they hadnt met in the casual encounters section. #fallonmono
send your mom a pre-order of thank you notes 2. this limited edition comes with a  sound chip that plays the theme!
@troy_everheart hi
late night now! opening with @thebeachboys singing "in my room" check it out.  #beachboys #latenight
@carolina_maria_ go get em.
tonight: @thebeachboys on late night!!
at the eif revlon run/walk with @oliviawilde and @stonenobrien in times square here in nyc.
this what's on tonight. like it?
thanks, keith.
sat. is cinco de mayo and the kentucky derby! so if you wanna combine your love of mexico and horses - order a burrito at taco bell. #fallonmono
so sad to hear of the passing of adam yauch.  he was a great performer, director, father, humanitarian and new yorker. #ripmca
pre-order our album "blow your pants off" on
what do celebs whisper to each other on the red carpet?
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out a funny or crazy superpower you wish you had and tag with #mysuperpower. could be on our show!
follow wednesday @questlove of the roots
@totallyjenny15 you too!
fun show tonight with @mruff221 @mariobatali @stevenbward @loveagent and @santigold! #latenight
walk of shame featuring @davejmatthews is on itunes front page. our comedy album blow your pants off comes o
@nitwhit0855 happy birthday!! have a great one.
tv debut of comedians the lucas brothers.
@nickmangold enjoy my friend!!
while discussing iran, joe biden said that obama has a big stick." in related news, biden is now banned from the wh steam room. #fallonmono
walk of shame song featuring @davejmatthews is now available on itunes.
college students, this one's for you: "walk of shame" featuring @davejmatthews
couch to 5k it is!!! thanks everyone. i'll let you know when i start using it. (also when i quit halfway through using it)
@fattonysmacbook: @jimmyfallon you could always just...run. nah... too easy.
any good "learn to run a 5k" apps out there that you guys like? theres a bunch, but which one is good?
broke my wrist trying to rollerskate backwards to glamorous life by sheila e. #mydumbinjury
rt @barackobama: if you missed it last night, here's president obama and @jimmyfallon slow jamming:
tonight is a fun show. president @barackobama, @davejmatthews (new song "mercy") and our song "walk of shame". it's late - but who cares?
our new song "walk of shame" tonight featuring dave matthews (@davejmatthews). tonight on late night #obamao
thank you @barackobama. such an honor to have you on the show tonight. same time next week?
@rockelll thank you. you guys were great. please have one for me.
hey @jordanpeele and @keeganmkey, you might want to watch our show tonight. (trust me on this one.)
here we go! #obamaonfallon
today just feels different.
just listened to @davejmatthews rehearsal. it's a beautiful song off of the new album. #obamaonfallon tomorrow night.
send in your questions for the president! hashtag #obamaonfallon. yours could be on the show tuesday night.
good morning #unc campus. i'm happy to be here and excited for tomorrows show with @barackobama and @davejmatthews - its gonna be good.
leaving rome, but watch president @barackobama and me chat for an hour w/musical guest @davejmatthews. #obamaonfallon
@mamalukapr you got it!!!
goodbye italy!! thank you, roma!
anyone get the tebowie 7 vinyl (with doors reading rainbow) at @recordstoreday? reply with a picture! #rsd12 #blowyourpantsoff
we're celebrating @recordstoreday tomorrow! get a tebowie 7 vinyl pressing & support your local record store:
map room at the vatican.
we'll be taking some questions from you via twitter for my interview w/ president @barackobama: use #obamaonfallon & tweet away!
the president of the united states!?!?! @barackobama see you tuesday!!! #obamaonfallon
my mt. vesuvius "laughter eruption" surprise comedy show has been cancelled due to poor weather conditions. 
my new comedy album "blow your pants off" comes out june 12th!
announcing album title tomorrow. any guesses? #june12
playing the coliseum tonight.
thanks to everyone at chez black positano
positano. wow.
i'm off to italy. i've never been. so excited. see you soon @pope!
record store day is april 21st get an exclusive 45 with tebowie and reading rainbow!
go yankees!!
downton abbey fans - please enjoy downton sixbey
@stevegarfield thank you my friend!
tonight is the premiere of our downton abbey spoof downton sixbey as well as @davidchang, tina fey and john slattery.
animal thoughts.
holy hot pockets! @jimgaffigan's #mruniverse stand up is available for download.
the pros and cons of a mitt romney presidency.
tonight: @joelmchale, @jimcameron, @thetings & the voice "eliminees"
@karladavismusic @kimyarbrough @erinmartinmusic!
hey if you're watching the voice right now, check out late night tomorrow night - i'll have on the eliminees!
@realtesswilson hi
new show tonight: @1capplegate, @janegoodallinst and @white_rabbits. #latenight
@mariobatali @jayz @courtney epcot?
artie lange is now on twitter (quitter) @artiequitter. welcome, my friend!
downton sixbey premieres next week on late night
two guys slap fighting with sound effects. @arthurmeyer13 and @johnwhaskell
tonight we have: the beautiful, the funny @sofiavergara, the beautiful, the funny @juddapatow & @walkthemoon!
thanks, max!
first day on the beach in fl, my friend got sun poisoning. he spent the rest of break reading the hobbit in the bathtub. #springbreakmistake
fun show tonight: nyc mayor @mikebloomberg, american reunion's @alydenisof and pegi young!
tonight regis has a song about a toy from his youth (his weenie doll) also great stories as always. #latenight
@shanacottphotos i thank ya!
my man alfie bautista stole the show. i'll be back, alfie. #seriousfun
i can't follow @joshgroban!!?!?! #seriousfun
paul newman's hole in the wall camps are now called the seriousfun children's network. @seriousfuncamps
@clanfitz thank you!!
super happy birthday to @talrabinowitz!!!! karaoke soon.
the filming of guys with kids is complete. thank you kareem abdul jabbar (@kaj33)!!
my childhood home in saugerties, ny is for sale. please someone cool buy it! great place to grow up.
.@charliesheen's new fragrance: clone cologne.
watch tonight to see if your hashtag made it & see a new commercial with @charliesheen. #latenightwithjimmyfallon #clone
.@shaq did you payoff our bet?
tonight on late night
fun show tonight - susan sarandon, @adrianalima, international singing superstar patrizio (@piazzabuanne) & maybe a cameo. #winning
guys with kids this sunday, 4pm studio city, ca. first 20 people to email: tickets@audiencesunlimited.com and hashtag #babybjorn good luck!!
shooting my new tv show "guys with kids" this sunday!! great cast. wanna come see it? giving away 20 tickets.
my friend once put an ad in the paper saying i was looking to buy new kids on the block tour jackets and put my phone number. #bestprankever
@questove's drumsticks are ah-maaazing!!! congrats @cook4quest.
.@shaq and i play hallway golf and he loses another bet. watch him tonight!
13 million kids get bullied every year. today take a stand at
.@madonnamdnaday number one worldwide?!  how do you think this sudden fame will change your life?
.@madonnamdnaday did you know they spelled your name wrong on the cover? (some letters are missing.)  hope you didn't print too many copies!
i read that mattel is planning to release a hunger games barbie doll. its pretty cool. #fallonmonologue
@kpereira ha. i'm down.
the madonna interview. (if you missed it)
best couple. #mostlikelyto
thank you guys for watching thanks to facebook and especially madonna.
we are going live with madonna in 90 minutes on facebook! 6:30 pm nyc time.
higgins is back tonight. and he's on fire! #misshim #latenight
syracuse!!! @gavinpurcell you owe me.
@dsofia7 thank you.
actual quote just now from @80miles: "here's a 100% true story about these khakis." #zzzzz
@rushsoccerx19 happy birthday!!!
@coolkidnation thanks. preesh.
by the way @wendyliebman is one of my favorite comedians. please follow her or at least watch her tonight if you've never seen. #latenight
ahhh!!! we made it through round 3!! falpals:top 8 of seacrest's hollywood hunger games.
i once was talked into getting a perm. (i was in college and it was free.) #imanidiot
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out something embarrassing, stupid, or weird you once did and tag with #imanidiot. could be on our show!
late night with jimmy "falon" #nbc #respect
tebow and bowie become one - tebowie sings about the peyton manning situation.
@kurtdecker nice shooting my man!
tebowie sings about peyton manning tonight on late night. #tebowie
haircut with @sallyhershberger. trying to make my face look fatter and going for "rounder" hair.
@derosaville: why don't you see if you can get rick santorum on your incredibly fabulous late night show @ricksantorum is he in town?
this saturday i will be interviewing madonna on facebook. 6pm est. we will be taking questions from all around the world! #mdnamarch26
happy spring in nyc
@newdaytalk thanks.
jay leno with a mustache. he does the monologue with it the whole time and can't explain that he lost a bet 
we are back! new show tonight. but what mustache will @jayleno where during his mono tonight?
looks like pretty good reviews for this "comedy night."
.@jayleno will wear a moustache during his monologue monday night.
@merlestadnyk: @jimmyfallon take one of his cars back to new york i'm gonna ask him!! good idea!
happy birthday @sarahmariasilva! have the best day ever.
one of my favorite comedians - martin short is on letterman tonight! #lateshow
.@questlove flying back to nyc. i'll slap you five in the air and you come back to austin, right? #tagteam #whoopthereitis
finally, @gourdough's for a cinnamon sugar. yum! #sxsw #runningtomorrow
izzoz tacos was awesome. thanks guys!! #sxsw
what texmex or bbq place should i go to here in austin?
taco truck in austin tx? or bbq?
i want a rematch race with the bearded dude at #sxsw. #nofair #iwasntready
@pucky22 i wasn't winded. (yes i was)
thank you #sxsw, @nike, @easports, @vevo & @allysonfelix. so fun!!
11am panel tomorrow. let's make it feel like 10am. #daylightsavings #sxsw
here at #sxsw. hosting a panel tomorrow. 11am. stop by and say hi!
repeat tonight - but it's the pearl jam jeremy lin show if you missed it.
trending and happy. good night.
right now - turn on nbc and watch pure joy. roots, tom morello and bruce and the e street band. #estreetshuffle
death to my hometown by bruce springsteen was probably the hardest anyone has ever rocked on our show. #wreckingball
we are on in 7 minutes!!! it's one of my favorite episodes. turn on nbc. i hope you like it.
80's bruce springsteen and 70's neil young team up again tonight. #springsteenonfallon
tonight could be on of the most fun shows we've ever done!! the last 5 minutes are a crazy dance party. #springsteenonfallon
just saw e street rehearsal - tonight is gonna be a party!!
special thanks to the falpals!!!
@fallonite94 thank you!!
fun show tonight with @lindsaylohan @robriggle and @elviscostello covering springsteen. #latenight
he used to take his pants off when it got too hot in the office. #mycoworkeriscrazy
he walked into my office, aimed a marshmallow gun at my face, unloaded, then left. #mycoworkeriscrazy
let us play with your look makeover disater with don cheadle.
all new short of 80's dating service cupid's arrow
from #lnjf (blog): slow jam the super pac's with brian williams and the roots
.@springsteen fans wrecking ball performance was so good that we're trying to get it out early on our site.
pre-order new bruce springsteen and the e st. band - wrecking ball. see 2 songs tonight. #springsteenonfallon
slow jam the news with brian williams tonight!! #springsteenonfallon
emma stone is killing it. so fun.
meep beep beep bop bop beep.
fix the mics.
@madatnumbers love that!!
@amandaraev that looks great!!
jeremy (lin) by pearl jam.
promo for tonight's show.
@lesleyjanega what am i on? how can i help?
if you are a fan of @pearljam or @nyknicks tune in to late night with jimmy fallon tonight. #linsanity
come to new york and see a broadway show!
new episode of sports freak out!
thought an innocent "drowsy" doll was going to kill her. #mysiblingisweird
she used to eat life cereal for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. #mysiblingisweird
hashtag game! tweet out some funny or weird story about your brother or sister and tag w/ #mysiblingisweird. could be on our show!
of course! come on over! rt @andrewrannells: @jimmyfallon can @joshgad and i just come by and say hi? we want to be a part of broadway week!
our great director/writer @danopsal and writer @johnwhaskell make walter kump: robot voice a thing. here:
unauthorized jimmy fallon musical
broadway week begins tonight with @nickjonas. promo here:
bill gates attended a fundraiser for president obama. yeah, he wasn't invited, but in typical microsoft fashion  he crashed it. #fallonmono
we have a performance from how to succeed in business without really trying. the original title: the kim kardashian story. #fallonmono
its broadway week on late night. tonight watch @nickjonas perform a song from "how to succeed in business".
one of my favs maya rudolph hosts snl tonight. can't wait!! #snl
3000 fuel units!! theres a first time for everything. like hitting my first daily goal. see how:
lebron said itd be fun to play for the cavs again. cavs fans were like, "you're a jerk, youre a traitor & when can you start?" #fallonmono
from #lnjf (blog): #mygrandmaiscool hashtags! #fallonhashtags
heres to a beautiful day today! #ivealreadytalkedto3dopesanditsnoteven1030
heres to a beautiful day today! #ivealreadytalkedto3dopesanditsnoteven1030
mardi gras pros and cons
new young adult novel trafficked by kim purcell out today!!
i think our show is on soon.
hashtag game! tweet out some funny or weird story about your grandma and tag w/ #mygrandmaiscool. could be on our show!
stephen colbert and the trojan pint
tonight: @realdonaldtrump @idriselba, @jakeowen, @deesnider, @teresa_giudice & @stephenathome tricks me, but i trick him back.
happy fallontine's day.
i'm not sure i trust my enemy for 6 months stephen colbert. hmmm...
tonight we do a live cupid's arrow with a member of the audience.
bon iver!!!!! justin!!!!!! yay!!!!! well deserved!!
this is a great tribute!! #grammys
adele, lady a and bon iver.
so fun. #gramms
yaaaayyy!!! shamrock shakes are in!!!
congrats @timoflegend on the successful kickstarter campaign! the more
it gets funded, the more cool stuff gets made.
exclusive: justin vernon of bon iver stopped by to play "perth" with the roots
.@bravoandy watching tonight. i'm a fan of both of your guests. #shotski #wwhl
a study found 94% of one-dollar bills carry germs. or as mitt romney put it, thats why i only use fifties and hundies! #fallonmono
friend on date, got a flat. date had to change tire cause he didn't know how to. #myworstvalentine
watch the first lady @michelleobama and me have a @letsmove competition in the white house tonight. #letsmove #fallontonight #bocameo
got high school gf a whitman's sampler, then i ate the cherry cordial. re-arranged the candy so she wouldn't know. busted. #myworstvalentine
hashtag game! tweet out something funny or embarrassing that happened on valentine's day and tag w/ #myworstvalentine. could be on our show!
watch our show tonight - best of our musical sketches. tebowie, history of rap, whip my hair #bestoffallon
adele - super bowl special opening
whoo-hoo!! we did it!!! thanks for the tweets and thanks for watching!!
don't go to sleep you guys. we are on live right after the voice!! @adamsandler, andy samberg, @official_flo & the ny giants! #fallonshow
#tucking is the new #tebowing.   #fallonliveaftergame
new york and indianapolis are partying right now!!! congrats giants!!!
hey everybody, get out your rowdy rags! one more minute to the 3 minute warning. #fallonliveaftergame
bend it like beckham. #totheleft
feels like hashtags are jumping the shark. #jumpingtheshark
i'll be tweeting during the game up to our live show tonight right after the super bowl!! #fallonliveaftergame
@tmsjay it's a big night for us, but we're ready.
if you have a rowdy rag at the game,  at the 3 minute warning wave it over your head like crazy.
two tebows at one time... double tebow?
@hasselbeck hmm i can make that happen tonight - but we have no show. ahhh. we're on tomorrow.
new york *city, nbc, studio 6b, late night with me, jimmy fallon. how you like me now?! #phew #fallonaftershow
*tebow* time, bringin' ya back to tim tebow, he's throwin' a hail mary while sayin' a hail mary, hail mary full of grace, grace under fire,
tiger, *cougar*, bringin' ya back to madonna, she's doin' the halftime show, halftime, *over*time,
never say never, never *ever*, ever*wood*, evan *rachel* wood, *tiger* woods
can't sit next to @claymatthews52. his arms are too big. #squished
right now - #nflhonors written by mets bucket hat guy #howyoulikemenow #latenight
finished rehearsals for our live sunday show after #sb46. game of madden with @gavinpurcell 1st before nfl awards.
tune in tonight. we have @snoopdogg,
@shaq, @fitzandtantrums and super bowl thank you notes. #latenight
more good food in indianapolis: the @libertineindy (mussels) and @kountrykitchen (soul food) #indyfood
from #lnjf (blog): .@jerryrice and @tonygonzalez88 perform the "you complete me" scene from jerry maguire. funny.
the real housewives of late night meet the real housewives of the indianapolis colts
happy birthday to our awesome photographer @lloydbishop!!!
watch @jerryrice & @tonygonzalez88 perform the "you had me at hello" scene from jerry maguire. #latenight
subs across america
i think we made our best head swap yet. co-starring bob costas and @marcoandretti. thanks indy speedway! (@ims)
tonight we have @adamlevine, @nas, guest anncr @michaelstrahan
taylor lautner, @drewbrees & real housewives of indianapolis. #latenight
prop to recess in indy for some of the best food i've had in a long time. yum!! also - love the staff.
world premiere of subs across america tonight on late night. tune in to see if your video made it in!
inside the theater. #latenight
we are so excited for our first show in indianapolis tonight!!! set your dvr's. #latenight
monument circle is a party right now!! #latenight in indianapolis starts tomorrow night!
.@jeffanimalguy brings some crazy animals by the show tonight and a baboon that trashes dr. oz's dressing room.
zipped!! #sb46 #latenight
nfl zip line. i'll be there in 20. #indy #superbowlvillage
preview of our show tonight.
shout out to the girls from schwitzer hall. #butleru
@sbxlvizipline you don't scare me.
new #latenight tonight. but first..
shot from behind the screen backstage. starting in 3 minutes!!! #havefun
.@bravoandy real housewives of late night are coming to the super bowl. rt @blakefogelsong
performing tonight with some of @latenightjimmy writers @cloweshall. come by!! 7 pm show.
we are in indianapolis!! #latenightindy #lucasoilstadium
@landfishes happy birthday!
just finished another long day of pre-tapes. super bowl shows are gonna be fuuuuuuun!!! #goingtoindy
snow!!!!! yay!!!!!!
tonight - thank you notes, music by cults, (@cultscultscults) i play password with @stacykeibler and @joan_rivers gets stoned on #latenight
.@gloriafallon123's "the devil wears pull-ups"
what is your "good luck" song? (you know, when something good happens to you and that song is playing somewhere?) #goodlucksong
thank you, people. now i have to figure out what to get you. #youregettingaroomba
@scottcbakken ahhh i forgot!!
@clintwinstead: @jimmyfallon you are the legend whisperer. haaaa! thank you.
love @billcosby - stay tuned for @wale & the roots on #latenight
@lahoffa3 oh yeah!! i forgot to bring that up!!! so right. ha.
thank you @bravoandy! funtimes.
on my way to see @bravoandy & the gang at watch what happens. going on live at 11 on bravo. i'm bringing a gift. tweet andy questions!
my friend's stepdad makes everyone listen to him sing "don't stop believing" before every giants game. #gamedaysuperstition
.@butleru - we heard you and we're coming over! sun, jan 29th, 7pm @cloweshall. tickets go on sale for students today at 5pm.
we are honored to have the great bill cosby on the show tonight.
lionel richie's "hello" (done with movie clips) funny.
.@karenelsonmusic the pleasure was mine. he told me have you follow him on twitter @woodyallen. or @80miles. #carlyle
a bakery is selling pretzels inspired by tim tebow. you can tell cuz if you eat one in new england, you end up choking. #fallonmono
@apple_ash: was his 'act' planned? yes.
@thekylemoffatt: there you go rt @mary_paoletti gillette pa blaring bowie's "space oddity."" yes!!!!
@mattomalley: wbz #patriots pregame show just played the tebowie clip. i'm sure the jumbotron will be next. nice work! thanks!
if anyone is going to gillette stadium tonight, please tweet me if they play tebowie on the jumbotron.
@salamandrsistrs love that thanks!!
tebowie tumblr.
tebowie.
@oandashow thank you guys!!
@neptunesong: i heard #tebowie on the radio this morning and burst out laughing...i thought it really was bowie! spot-on! what station?
tim tebow + david bowie = tebowie.
great writers for our opening bit tonight. idea by @patrickborelli song by @mikedicenzo @gerardbradford. #latenight
fun show tonight. please watch. at least first 10 mins... #fun #latenight #1237am
fun game of catchphrase w @rosie o'donnell
@danopsal graciouso
i thought it was one of those shows where you find out the week before that you won. so i just figured we lost. so happy!!!
omg we won a peoples choice award!!!!! what?!?!? thank you #falpals and everyone who voted!!! thank you people!!
man, @rosie o'donnell is great tv. tonight. #latenight
texted a friend: "what time's dennis' surprise party?" dennis texted back: "guess it's just a party now." #textingdisaster
hashtag game! tweet something funny or embarrassing that happened with a text message and tag w/ #textingdisaster. could be on our show!
tina fey on the show this eve. #latenight
the 1st nh precinct to report votes was in the town, dixville notch. then it was on to its neighboring town, chesticle falls. #fallonmono
send in your videos and be part of our superbowl week!! could be in your backyard - wherever.
tonight we've got mark wahlberg (contraband), napoleon dynamite and music by surfer blood. #latenight
@bravoandy congrats on the show. love the line up tonight!
@cammienelson happy birthday!
how do you like me now? mets bucket hat guy with fred armisen
@ceciliagarza05 smart kid.
@pattyramos987: so i'm watching and @jimmyfallon i must say, i love you. i love you too. thank you!
late night tonight - @maddow talks election, armisen does elvis, mets bucket hat guy & @sharonvanetten debuts!
hey everyone, we just released a new version of my wake up call app which fixes a couple of bugs. thanks!
mitt romney thanks his 8 voters who put him over the top personally.
new promo got tonight - ed burns, iron chef and mitt romney (kind of)
said she got tix to lollapalooza. me: how'd you get tickets to lollapalooza? mom: are you kidding me? they're my favorite group. #momquotes
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out some funny or weird thing your mom once said and tag with #momquotes. could be on our show!
.@rupertmurdoch great new year's party the other night. i think i left my lmfao cd at your pad. need that. burn it & return it. #watsupdoch
good morning!! new shows tonight. it's great to be back. i missed everyone.
@realpurplehays: @jimmyfallon how's grandma? you wouldn't believe it if i told you.
happy twenty dozen!!!
i love @pauleyp. especially after our flight experience.
karate. #karate
@ryanharvey_ thank you.
congrats @mariobatali rt @tvbythenumbers: 'the chew' hits series/weekly high
@jimmysamurai would you mind? thanks.
@kaitlinlovesnyc you too!
late night tonight - fun repeat of tom cruise playing horsewreathshoes and @joshuatopolsky with new cameras and tech.
listening to best of howard stern on sirrius/xm. 100. hilarious. so good.
i don't care what your mama says... christmastime is here!!
merry christmas!!
thanks apple for making my wake up call a featured app! get it or gift it here:
we found a small bug in the wake up
call app! if you've got 24 hour time turned on in the settings - it might crash. turn it off. gracias.
thanks to @mariogodiva for the kangoo j's! they're fun!
complete holiday episode of snl (including monologue) is available now.
that's next up. rt @ciaogiuliana: do it for droid. wake up call app (alarm clock where i call you and wake you up)
our wake up call app (alarm clock where i call you and wake you up) is #2 in entertainment!
you're welcome. @jessicaaraee: "hey, have a great day & know that anyone u meet today is lucky to meet someone as awesome as u." thanks!
also - you can adjust the snooze times. (why is it always 7 minutes?)
17 different alarms and like 15 new ringtones. it tells you the weather, date and time (obviously).
17 different alarms and like 15 new ringtones. it tells you the weather, date and time (obviously).
our wake up call app is live!!
@hannah_a32 thank you. i had so much fun.
no. brand new shows all week. @1gapeach2: @jimmyfallon @joshuatopolsky is it a rerun??
@dazzleme24 thank you.
@becmelang happy birthday!! have a great one!
i wanna get kangaroo bounce shoes for running. any advice on which one to get?
@deelov3 how'd you like the show tonight?
.@nomar5 love you nomaaaaah
late night is all new this week. talking about dragon tattoos with rooney tonight and tom cruise tomorrow. he should sing, right?
.@rustyrockets i've improved a bit, yes?
.@nbcsnl weekend update reunion with @sethmeyers21, amy poehler and tina fey.
@xoxjoellenxox happy birthday!!!
@samantharonson love you pal. thanks!
@aguynamedshane thank you
@leahrj monologue and (always) goodnights
thank you for all of the tweets. happy sunday!
honest: i'm drunk. i'm home. i had so much fun. thank you!!
@perlapell love you paula! thanks for the mono. xoxo
almost dress rehearsal time!!
thanks!! (wow, fun day already)rt @nytimestv: 2011 tv: homeland, parks and recreation, the hour
thanks to everyone at asiate restaurant in mandarin oriental hotel for the cool breakfast surprise.
i'm feeling good. today's gonna be awesome.
hey guys! i'm coming down! see you soon!!
at friday snl rehearsals. cast is great, writers are great. it's gonna be a fun show tomorrow night. #dec17snl
cool! @ejkasch: @jimmyfallon your twitter bio was just an answer on jeopardy.
.@late_show dave, i somehow got your tweet. bummer about the finger. you're really good at this!
at snl. looking through scripts before read through. #dec17snl
just getting home. these writing nights are crazy. forgot about these. we have some fun sketches though.
photo shoot over. promos shot. now writing night!!!! #dec17snl
heading into pitch meeting with the writers and cast at saturday night live. #dec17snl
@twilightildawn hey. thanks for coming to see it.
@chicagoyld thanks again!
@trinidadeloy that was also on the list - time crunch. next time. i'll be back!
i'm so psyched! i didn't get to see this. dream come true. i'm flying back to nyc tonight.
i want to thank all my jewish friends in chicago. tonight was fun!
off to chicago. 9:30 show tonight!
late night now - trav and hashtags.
@thegallerydumbo some good ones there. thanks.
anyone ever play quirkle? fun game.
in high school, all my friends were getting video games. i got a three stooges tie. #worstxmasgift
hashtag game! tweet the worst christmas gift you or someone you know got (or gave) and tag with #worstxmasgift. could be on our show!
i am hosting saturday night live with michael buble on dec. 17th. set your dvr's. set your buble's.
so happy to be on @rockcenternbc tonight @ 10 with brian williams. i hope he liked my gift.
tonight:@stevemartintogo, emily vancamp, snoop dogg & wiz khalifa.you should smell the weed smoke coming from steve martin's dressing room.
maya rudolph sings a holiday duet.
thank you, pal. rt @sandyr622: @jimmyfallon is on @z100newyork !!! awesome!!!!
so fun.
i'm taking over @americantop40 this weekend. find out what stations
@margotrobbie you killed it tonight. thank you for coming on the show.
facebook is launching a gambling app. its weird -- when you lose your money, facebook just repossesses your land on farmville. #fallonmono
@ryanseacrest i think she does a versh'. i got this. seacrest out, fallon in. #at40takeover
@ryanseacrest that's you?!? ha. can i work some of my fave songs in there?
so psyched to fill in for casey kasem this weekend on @americantop40! so fun!
press conference: herman cain denies future allegations.
"drop it like it's hot chocolate" #newholidaysongs
let's play the hashtag game! come up with a holiday version of a song title and tag with #newholidaysongs. could be on our show!
promo for tonight.
chargers kicker novak was caught urinating on the sidelines. marking the only time fans were glad a player didn't go for 2. #fallonmono
@cadyhaff i'd love to. keep working hard.
reggae legend jimmy cliff & the roots perform "the harder they come"
@xteenalee he's a smart kid
@mackenzietufo fun!! thanks!
promo for the show tonight.
thanksgiving head swap
traffic is crazy today. probably cause its cyber monday.
@noreservations i can't get enough of that stuff. the sandwiches are the best part. a little cran, stuffing even mashed all up in there.
turkey sandwich # 4. hope you all had a happy thanksgiving. i'm thankful for you. (and this sandwich)
head swap returns! tonight on late night.
@bespokesounds you were great! thank you!!
happy thanksgiving eve!
@dougiedancing gracias.
@anotherpurewal hi-ya.
i'm honored that @michelebachmann was on our show yesterday and i'm so sorry about the intro mess. i really hope she comes back.
a study says facebook users have never met 7% of their friends. the study came up in my newsfeed, from my friend the dalai lama. #fallonmono
cupid's arrow - a video dating service from the 80's
m83 rocked it last night on our show. check them out.
@questlove is grounded.
new cupid's arrow. tonight. #latenight also m83 and michele bachmann
wanna play me? madden 12 xbox? right now. invite latenightjimmy.
@robdelaney i think i do. i'm just being lazy.
@brooksstephen pure farrelly brothers.
here comes my big oscar moment. #baseballfans fever pitch
i have to workout more. #feverpitch
@jjohn10369 thanks! i just saw that it's a tt. awesome!
i lost a frozen turkey suffleboard bet to @jayleno. denim monologue? tonight on #latenight
man, my lax holiday flash mob had a pretty deece turn out. what a night?!? #fun
so happy from the response for the "jog strap." it will be online soon. #latenight
i'm on jay leno tonight - but we have a new show airing right after with @billmaher @ashleymgreene @dierksbentley. #latenight
pretty decent turnout to my flash mob comedy show at jfk right now.
password with michael stipe, the muppets and martin short is hilarious. tonight in late night.
its the 1st full week of games for college basketball. yeah college basketball  or as nba fans are now calling it: basketball. #fallonmono
"no gravy, no cry"   #newthanksgivingsongs
"jagged little pilgrim"  #newthanksgivingsongs
let's play the hashtag game! come up with a thanksgiving version of a song title and tag w/ #newthanksgivingsongs. could be on our show!
@miriamsr10 gracias.
@wickysham it's fun. i'm psyched.
chris martin break dancing.
the doors sing reading rainbow
@edward_burns i can't get the brothers mcmullen on apple tv or netflix or anything. ideas?
@justinmerkin i'm so psyched that you got it. did you notice the "not to touch the earth" ending? i know @pulmyears did.
written by @mikedicenzo and played by @gerardbradford @80miles & @johnwhaskell on drums. #readingrainbow
@geoffkeegan never.
love you! rt @levarburton: hey @jimmyfallon y'all crushed it!!! #bydhttmwfi
@gordonramsay01 the burger kitchen  episodes of nightmares were fantastic tv. well played.
the doors sing reading rainbow
#ff @mxtrjoshcharles @mariobatali
new rick perry ad.
tonight: sandler, chris martin, beyonce and if you like reading rainbow... #latenight
oops! #rickperry
rpatz on the show tonight. mike white and the new legend of zelda!!! #latenight
@fatime120 better. back on monday.
@tashie_xo awesome!!
promo for tonight if you're up.
watch the show tonight - @kathygriffin, hashtags and david chang. thanks. #momofuku #latenight
microsoft is teaming w/ yahoo & aol to sell internet ads. i was so excited, i immediately called my friend who lives in the 90s. #fallonmono
barking points with @mmflint (michael moore)
thanks.
good morning! today is gonna be a good day. lots of ideas. (that's what my horoscope said) #virgo
all the guys wear plaid shirts on thanksgiving. when we sit around the table, we look like we're in an l.l. bean catalog. #mycrazyfamily
i'm 37 years old. they still call me "the baby." #mycrazyfamily
talk to @mxtrjoshcharles. rt @jaredfirstbrook: @jimmyfallon phantom menace was and is not underrated by any means.
focus up buddy. we've got a show to do! rt@mxtrjoshcharles: phantom menace was under rated.  
#truethingswehatetoadmit
fun show tonight with @mmflint, @mxtrjoshcharles and @chromeo. #latenight
other voices (and arms) with @drewfromtv (drew carey) #latenight
talking with eddie murphy
kim kardashian is having 2nd thoughts about her divorce. even brett favre was like, make a decision and stick with it already! #fallonmono
@tresdivas happy birthday!!
80's video dating service cupid's arrow
new roots track "make my"
tonight- eddie murphy, drew carey, thank you notes & childish gambino! #latenightwithjimmyfallon
rt @joseramonmarmtz: fallon plays a new game with kirsten dunst, #cupidsarrow and @nerdist
air supply rocks "all out of love" on the show tonight. annnd new ep of cupid's arrow. #jose
justin bieber - (it's not my) baby
justin bieber performs a new song on our show tonight: "(it's not my) baby"
a judge just sentenced lindsay lohan to 30 days in jail. or as kim kardashian put it, "30 days?? that's, like, four marriages!" #fallonmono
my friend @amytags sent me this pic. looks like if me and mr. bean had a baby. it's pretty crazy!!
"won't you pop my balloon" with @realtracymorgan
also look for herman cain (@bashirsala) to make an an announcement on the sexual harassment accusations tonight. #latenight #nbc
six hour flight. barefoot guy next to me was eating a bag of corn nuts. licked all his fingers after every single one. #traveldisaster
hashtag game! tweet something funny, embarrassing or weird that happened while traveling & tag w/ #traveldisaster. could be on our show!
@iheartjimmynet happy halloween.
the premiere of rock center (hosted by my slow jam partner brian williams) in 5 minutes! congrats bri-wy!
gotta thank @dialloriddle, @bashirsala, @questlove & the roots #historyofrap3
@kelly_clarkson done. love it!
history of rap 3 with @jtimberlake.
rt @questlove: we did it again son: @jtimberlake & @theroots & @nilerodgers present #historyofrap3 on @latenightjimmy
thanks. #historyofrap3 trending. westcoast is next. then...?
backstage: kirk douglas. history of rap 3 rehearsal. #roots #talent
tonight, @jtimberlake, history of rap 3, thank you notes & @kelly_clarkson. #latenight #aftergame7 #nbc
history of rap 3. tonight on late night. #raptrilogy #latenight #nbc
i got a flu shot and it gave me the flu. how did i not see that coming? #idiot
@rachelrod76 i love it, thanks.
@housejd sure, it's an option.
thank you @kevinrose and @adagioteas. best tea ever! 
halloween costumes you shouldn't dress your kids in. by @gloriafallon123
selena gomez & justin bieber adopted a dog. not to be outdone, brad pitt & angelina jolie adopted selena gomez & justin bieber. #fallonmono
1st grd. got a cheap plastic batman costume. jumped off stoop & ripped the entire thing before i even went trick-or-treating. #halloweenfail
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something funny/embarrassing that happened on halloween and tag w/ #halloweenfail. could be on our show!
@nerdist i will try. thanks!
@kevinrose @sparker i'm getting into tea. i know you guys are masters. where/what do you guys recommend? anyone else? thanks.
the ipod turned 10 years old. yeah, 10 years  which is also the length of time it takes to detangle your ipod headphones. #fallonmono
new late night tonight!! brand spanking new!!
jets!!! great game. wow, that was fun.
jets can do this. i gave faith in my man @dustinkeller81. he is the best!!
let's go jets! one beer down. hanging with @chefsymon & @mariobatali. #needwings
@reddybelfour ha! that's great man. thanks.
neil young, eddie vedder, arcade fire & more - streaming on you tube in 10 mins.
the bridge school is awesome. they help children with severe physical and speech impairments. text bridge to 80888. #supportbridgeschool
supporting bridge school is easy. text a donation! text bridge to 80888 and reply yes to donate $10. thanks. #supportbridgeschool
@gjacobs228 can't - we have a show on monday.
stuck in ny. gonna miss @bridgeconcert. bummer.
@iheartjimmynet yes
best game ever! (w/@juvonen) glow in the dark trac ball. thanks @gloriafallon123 #whamo
@k1bedore you're awesome. thanks.
uncharted 3 is so fun to play. i feel like i did something adventurous today. it's like watching dora.
tonight amy sedaris destroys on late night. and forte sings w/tony orlando. fun show!
we are on repeats this week. but that means thank you notes on early!! #latenight
@jeffprobst is food an advantage or disadvantage? seems like the survivors aren't as motivated on a full belly.
@lvjt hey.
annnd... a fresh, unopened bananagrams that i found!
matthew broderick - real person - fake arms
i get to play with the new iphone tonight with @joshuatopolsky! #siri #latenight
@anotherpurewal there will be more tests after this one. don't sweat it.
gop frontrunners release new political ads.
@shesmadeline come and have fun!!
thanks for the tt!! #yeahididthat
i once swung from a vine to get away from cops breaking up a party in the woods. #yeahididthat
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something funny, embarrassing, or crazy you once did and tag w/ #yeahididthat. could be on our show!
fun show tonight - samuel l. jackson fun announcement, dylan mcdermott, ra ra riot & shout outs.
aussie fans: tune to comedy channel now to see @yogabbagabba with a whole lot of guest stars. great song.
@fallonite94 what part of the show is on now?
from #lnjf (blog): tonight's gop debate is gonna be intense! #latenight
@mdaesch happy birthday!!!
just got beat. patriots beat the jets. good game.
who wants to play? i'm on xbox live. latenightjimmy - madden? ask me.
oh man, happy birthday to @shoemakermike!!! he is the best!!! please tweet him!!!
judas priest performs youve got another thing comin on
if you love music - you must know what judas priest has done. but if you want to get an entry into metal -
gross. rt @questlove: don't listen to @jimmyfallon..... @questlove is a prize.
rt @i_heart_jf: :d rt @jimmyfallon: .@iammarkronson - @joejonas sings idiot boyfriend with @questlove & the roots tonight. hilarious.
the cutest thing ever! kylie, the baby in our capitol one commercial, watching herself. ha!
.@kexp seattle radio pledge drive. they let the dj's choose their music. (@loserboy) check it out.
my do not read "fall" list.
@ejd609 thank you.
promo for tonight.
microsoft may buy yahoo. thats so cool  i could have both my hotmail and yahoo email accounts in one easily-ignorable place! #fallonmono
also, an old friend drops by tonight. 12:35 est on nbc. #latenight
a girls scouts worker stole $ for plastic surgery. yeah, on fri. she had thin mints, then on mon. she came in w/ 2 giant samoas. #fallonmono
a study says being publicly embarrassed makes people like you. which explains obama's campaign slogan, "i have a third nipple. #fallonmono
thank you, steve jobs, for all of the fun and amazing ways you made our lives better....sent from my iphone.
.@thexfactorusa's simon cowell (handhug's me) @cherrygarcia's ben & jerry, @bflay (bobby flay) cookin' it up. #latenight
rt @shoemakermike: jf sings every hall&oates hit w/daryl hall. unplanned & awesome & we can't afford to ever repeat it so watch tonight.
we weirdly could be related. #glee #mytwitterfeedwentcrazy
roommate couldnt fall asleep w/o listening to a cd of safari sounds he made himself. eeyahh eeyahh! ca-caw ca-caw! #myroommateiscrazy
let's play the hashtag game! tweet some funny/weird thing your roommate does or did and tag w/ #myroommateiscrazy. could be on our show!
hey @govchristie, want to come on the show tonight & read some jokes that we wrote about you? what have you got to lose? (insert joke here)
rt @butleru: hey we'd love to have you back on campus. we even made up a dance for you:
@diorelacevedo since when?
@levesterjohnson let's work on it!
@kurostarsunny thank you!! great handle!!
@tandi44 happy birthday
@injunabe77 okay. we'll do another.
maria shriver got a parking ticket from a meter maid. so i guess her husbands not the only one getting screwed by a maid. #fallonmono
the obamas celebrated their wedding anniversary. they were gonna go out to dinner, but they couldnt find a sitter for biden. #fallonmono
fun show tonight @paulscheer @sparker & @radiohead (just thom & jonny - it's amazing) #latenight
rt @laughingsquid: diggnation, hosted by @kevinrose & @alexalbrecht, will be ending in december
@davidkirsch thanks buds. she steals it.
"someday" bloopers w/@justinbieber & me.
@kellybensimon every weekend! let's keep it up.
promo for tonight.
floyd fans: start dark side after the third lion roar for some fun. tonight. #latenight #pinkfloyd
mark zuckerberg went hunting & killed a bison. it was weird -- the bisons last words were i...hate...the new facebook layout! #fallonmono
to my jewish friends - happy new year!!!
the population will reach 7 billion on halloween. even more surprising, only 6 billion of them are going as sluts this year. #fallonmono
@theellenshow right back at you. swak!
joseph gordon-levitt @hitrecordjoe does a great axl rose doing gaga and kelly clarkson
foo fighters & roger waters perform "in the flesh" from the wall
we are trending again #partyfail. thanks you guys. also cant sleep. (trending too)
@sarathelovebug :)
@pulmyears ha. i like that. it was pretty "boss."
@amypaffrath i saw that
@morgancloutier dierks is coming on thursday. (comfortably i might add)
@babyolive94 hello. hope you have great rest of the evening.
roger waters w/@foofighters and a great axl impression by @hitrecordjoe on #latenight
i went to a party at a bar in college, and gave the bouncer a fake id. turns out, he was best friends with the guy on my id. #partyfail
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something funny or embarrassing that happened at a party and tag w/ #partyfail. could be on our show!
time to play this game. is it fun?
fact: all of these mannequins have 0% body fat.
@davidkirsch how long? 1year?
.@mariobatali you on the chew today?
.@davidkirsch what is normal body fat? i'm 183.2, 6ft and 37.
@davidkirsch 20% of my body is fat? awesome. (gross)
lucy leave #syd #pinkfloydweek
@acostabeta yes. nice! apples and oranges
@lorialivingston we love @govchristie !!
@likethem0use i have and it works!
@conpboyle they are great!!! baby lemonade
governor chris christie is under a lot of pressure to run for president. also under a lot of pressure? chris christies belt. #fallonmono
@skipshea2 nice call #pinkfloydweek
@henrydarragh yes
@craigmcn will be rocked this week live. check it.
@iomoo get ready it's coming up this week. whooo!!! someone cool!!
@aaronstew12 nice #pinkfloydweek
@austinhab yes
fav pink floyd song? bike? lucifer sam? #syd #pinkfloydweek
@matttsuxxx it's them doing pink floyd. it's really good!! foos tomorrow.
@clement90241 you are gonna flip. the shins kill it tonight!!
pink floyd week starting tonight. shins, foos w/ roger waters, dierks, mgmt & pearl jam! start dark side after my first joke bombs.
@guitarseastar ha. thanks.
.@thegoodwife_cbs love you guys. you guys have the rare combo of awards and viewers. congrats on the premiere tonight!
next week is pink floyd week here on late night - foo fighters & roger waters, pearl jam, the shins, dierks bentley & mgmt! #syd #latenight
@tagbaugh thank you!!
charlie's angels on abc @ 8pm. watch it!!!
jersey shore meets jersey floor
happy birthday to my sister @gloriafallon123. love you!!
promo for tonight. you should watch!!
tonight... jersey shore meets jersey floor!  @vinnyguadagnino @sn00ki @mtvsammi @deenanicolemtv @jenniwoww @mtvronnie #jerseyfloor
charlie sheen roast
tonight on @latenightjimmy: @jonahhill, @whitneycummings and @elbowuk... 12:35/11:35c on @nbc
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something funny/embarrassing that happened to you on a date and tag w/ #awkwarddate.could be on our show!
we'll get 'em next year. i love everyone at our show. thank you guys for watching.
happy almost birthday to @mariobatali!!!
@dsofia7 thanks.
@kamalgray not me. i'm going to my favorite diner. see you tonight!!
@savvyauntie thank you.
@shoemakermike @higbones @questlove @jeremybronson @80miles @amyozols --- @iamledgin...
'twill be bittersweet seeing @stephenathome (colbert) @ the emmys this weekend.
@questlove to this flight is crazy. higgins has 3 blankets.
new sheen sketch next tuesday. #latenight #charliesheen 
last night, i lost my bffsm.
we've got @therealzooeyd, @mayhemmiller and put it on a cracker tonight. #10secondpreview #lnjf
@sarahliz_16 happy birthday!!
i stopped by @colbertreport tonight to check on my best friend for six months, stephen colbert. it did not end well.
tonight:
girls perform 2 great songs on late night.
@masculine_lady girls are a fine band out of san fran and puppies are just...cute.
10 seconds of who's on our show tonight. 


we are trending again!!! thank you guys!!! #myteacherisweird
my favorite teacher mr. ehrmann would photocopy his face into historic pictures. him w/gandhi, him w/genghis khan, etc. #myteacherisweird
let's play the hashtag game! tweet something funny or weird about one of your teachers & tag w/ #myteacherisweird. could be on our show!
rt @silverguinness: just noticed @jimmyfallon has buffy, eric northman & musical guest the zombies (1960's) on tonight.
just got home. this jersey floor is gonna be a goodie. definitely one of @amyozols' best skit/vids.
shooting a new episode. #jerseyfloor
@kfmorgan that looks great!
link broken. sorry. anyway, read about @thezog on pg 16 @nytimes arts & leisure section. good stuff.
@mww93 thanks.
congrats @sethmeyers21 on the timberlake monologue emmy!!!
@ty_baby_10 me too.
congrats to djokovic. great match!!
good match. my neck hurts. #uso11 #federer 
enough with the rain. let's play!! #uso11
i'm @ the us open just saw mcenroe. he is the coolest. #usopen 
new at the bar w/ roger federer
new at the bar w/ roger federer tonight on late night.
shout out to the roots!!
tonight, eddie vedder & i might sing a protest song about the bp oil spill. #latenight #pj20
fyi extend your dvr's so that you don't miss @pearljam on tonights show. #nfl
anthrax 'caught in a mosh' live on  latenight
cannot wait!  latenight tonight: @cameroncrowe + pearl jam performs (classics). #pj20 documentary airs on @pbs oct. 21
promo for tonight
lets play the hashtag game! tweet some funny or embarrassing reason you're still single & tag with #whyimsingle. could be on our show!
from #lnjf (blog): cupid's arrow: a video dating service from the 1980's.
on late night tonight: 80's dating service.
tonight's late night - promo:
late night tonight.
show tonight was pure fun. god, i loved it. funny people, good jokes, good music. just fun.
lets play the hashtag game! tweet out some funny or weird thing your dad once said and tag with #dadquotes. could be on our show!
also forte is back in the building. he's singing something. i think.
new @malkmusandjicks album "mirror traffic" is great. watch them tonight. #senator
rt @huffpostcomedy: back to school do not read book list
@whoooandpagsjr nope. but it is rare. thanks for watching. you have cool parents.
momofuku birthday cake. yum!! #chang 
dick cheney said his memoir will have heads exploding. especially if you read it while youre on a hunting trip with cheney. #fallonmono
we are back!! new show tonight!! 12:30 #latenight
beyonce & jay-z are expecting a baby. man, that kid is gonna have everything! except a last name. #fallonmono
tyler doesn't need to be nervous.
going back and forth between game of thrones on demand and vma's.
good morning everybody!! new late night starting tomorrow. psyched to be back.
rt @mikebloomberg: latest update on #irene and steps nyers should take now to prepare:
@eradmire thanks!
feeling sick. hopefully only 24 hour bug. i'd like to get out this weekend.
@bravoandy true
weird. rt @shoemakermike: it's all part of the prophecy:
pearl jam will play on the show on sept. 8 and 9! also - cameron crowe will be on sept. 8 also to talk about his new pearl jam film.
i'm incredibly honored to be heading back to 8h where it all started. and by "it" i mean will ferrell's awesome movie career.
i am hosting snl december 17th!!
hey, any dancers out there: make a video and send it in! 
sorry, monday announcement.
just took the universal hollywood tour again. thanks molly!
@vitamincester watch it again!
this is wrong. right? 
getting ready to go on, atlantis. looks like there's gonna be ice cream!!
from #lnjf (blog): thank you notes #latenight
off to the atlantis c/o bahamas stand up tonight!!! @federman you ready?
best time w/the best people in tv last night. #latenight #yachtrockparty
ew! w/emma stone (@stonenobrien)
ew! (with emma stone)
i know i'm late to the party, but tig notaro is my new favorite comedian.
cool! wisdom tooth dentist shout out. start at 3:07.
i once saw a guy borrow his friend's crocs. #whodoesthat
new celebrity whispers
nice pic! rt @questlove: jf scores!!!! beating dailyshow by 2! 7-5!!!
we won!!! we won!!! 7-5. whoo-hoooo!!!
@corymonteith blerf.
it was a fun one. rt @huffpostcomedy  fallon's best thank you notes so far?
@mamalukapr thanks for coming! i'm glad you liked it!
shark week fact #5: if a shark laughs too hard, it will poop. #sharkfacts
"pearls of wisdom ... with goat leg greg" (and ryan reynolds)
shark week fact #4: sharks have acute sensors that can detect smell and taste.  they also have a powerful gaydar. #sharkfacts
it's follow friday!  let's do this! #ff
@michael_mcclain happy birthday my man.
blink is back. great idea for a video - you tube fan posts.
introducing goat leg greg. #latenight
jersey shore fans tune in to late night afterwards and keep the party going. #sharedexperience
shark week fact #2: the first shark sighting was in 1982 by pop sensation huey lewis during his "picture this" tour. #sharkfacts
from #lnjf (blog): jersey shore in italy pros & cons
@sarahmichelleq we wanna come to australia!
big audio dynamite! rt @bigaudiodyn: warming up in boston tonight to rock it on the @jimmyfallon  show tomorrow
friend said hed make pancakes for breakfast. didnt bring the instant kind. then asked if i had any eggs & margarine on me. #campingfail
lets play the hashtag game! tweet something embarrassing or awful that happened while camping & tag #campingfail. could be on our show!
black thought & @questlove + @tuneyards. gangsta.
@missjessicamary thank you.
.@corymonteith plays jelly donut shootout & @tuneyards performs "gangsta" #latenight not even an hour away!
cory monteith (@frankenteen) plays jelly donut shootout & @tuneyards performs "gangsta" #latenight not even an hour away!
brian williams, the roots & i: slow jam the news.
the movie cowboys & aliens came out today! yeah, cowboys & aliens. or as republicans call that, arizona. #fallonmono
beyonc performing "best thing i never had" w/ @questlove and the roots.
wow. beyonc killed it tonight w/the roots. #latenight 
beyonc on the show tonight! #latenight
fran lebowitz compares the debt ceiling to football.
on the show this evening: steve carell (we do a fun bit), @marcmaron (@wtfpod) and @mattandkim destroy. #nbcnow
canadian soap opera: jacob's patience.
when i worked at a video store, my boss asked me if i wanted to switch shirts with him. umm...no? #mybossisweird
our new animated short: father & son
don cheadle, amazing kreskin, @chriskattan & ray davies (the kinks) tonight on #latenight in 10 minutes...
play ball!! (how many bats make it all the way to right field btw?)
i listen to @jakefogelnest too.
listening to @howardstern on sirius/xm... soooo funny. i love satellite radio.
happy natl ice cream month! if your local ben & jerry's (@cherrygarcia) does not carry late night snack, write your congressperson today.
@heidiklum just waking up. good morning.
@nick_kovatch thanks.
here's a spotify playlist for history of rap 2.
funtimes. #historyofrap2
turn on #latenight right now!
i gotta feeling.
this new dark knight teaser trailer feels weird to me.
on bus to woodstock '94. got stung in the eyelid by a bee. spent entire 3-day concert looking like sloth from the goonies. #soembarrassing
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out something embarrassing that happened to you and tag with #soembarrassing. could be on our show.
tonight, @joshuatopolsky & @google brought chromebooks for the whole audience. also mila kunis & @wyeoak.
we lost softball to @thedailyshow but only by a little. (rained out. thank you god.) good game, good game, good game...
softball game vs @thedailyshow tonight. we're hoping to lose by less. (we'll consider that a win)
ew. #ew
tonight see the return of james spadge (@80miles) and chiz dippler.  #latenight
well you know what they say  when the lord taketh a weiner, he then giveth a johnson. #fallonmono
what are celebrities always whispering about? find out...
3 noms: writing, show & web. 7th floor west @ nbc is smiling. thank you academy voters!
so happy right now. so proud of our show. congrats everyone who works on late night on the #emmy nom.
nice! rt @prpoobah: look out cherry garcia! @jimmyfallon 's #latenightsnack is now 1 of b&j's top ten flavors.
fun show tonight: guests are @blakeshelton, @joejonas, and @gabourey sidibe #latenight
fell asleep listening to my ipod. woke up with a headphone-cord tanline around my left nip. and no ipod. #beachfail
a man was arrested after he broke into a sex shop & usd a blow-up doll. he was chrgd with breaking & entering & entering. #fallonmono
we are back with a brand new show tonight: kid rock, @emilyrosela, panda bear and freestyling with the roots!
watching stand by me on apple tv for the 1000th time.
cameron diaz performs in 1 of our favorite bits - "other voices" tonight on late night.
@catmaybeangry oh yes.
cornhole, croquet, bocce and i parked my bike right in the middle. what should i play with?
sorry... i passed out. just woke up on some dudes fishing boat. he doesn't know i'm awake yet.
1/4 down. already sweating, blurred vision - hallucinations... not gonna make it.
this is not easy. #mooseburgerchallenge
@meerkatmeisner4 thank you.
fireworks upclose. blow torches and all. #happy4th 
wolfeboro lawn chair drill team #happy4th
n y c ! n y c !
tonight me & @justinbieber make our commercial debut.
tonight me & @justinbieber make our commercial debut.
jackie neptune & the planetariums (motown goes to space)
tonight: shoe golf w/@selenagomez and jon benjamin chugs a mug full of water! #latenight
@nicklohr gracias.
having a conversation with @marcmaron on @wtfpod
@kentoe i would. he was interesting.
my talk w/sean parker: spotify, bbses & gray hats
darth vader, chewbacca & panthro. tonight on late night.
my thanks to @wired, @theeconomist, @junipernetworks and especially sean parker for the cool new phone.
taking the tesla roadster back to 30 rock thanks to hertz. it's pretty fun! #electriccar
breakin' 2: electric boogazoo
lake george. broke my finger playing kickball, then a wasp stung my other hand. i was completely handless for a week. #worstsummervacation
let's play the hashtag game! tweet a weird or funny story from your summer vaca and tag with #worstsummervacation. could be on our show.
yo, is that chiz dippler?
let's go new york! rt @nygovcuomo statement from governor cuomo on passage of marriage equality act bit.ly/igl86n #samesexmarriage
backstage w/creators of call of duty: modern warfare 3.
battle of the bands, uncharted 3, father's day hashtags and larry the cable guy. tonight @12:35am nbc.
@meredithann109 yes. it's beautiful.
paul williams (@ascap)- we've only just begun, rainy days & mondays, rainbow connection on #latenight tonight. #honored
i am having a conversation w/piers morgan on cnn tonight @ 9pm et.
the daily news reported that anthony weiners car isnt registered with the dmv. oh man, he must be so embarrassed right now. #fallonmono
happy bday to donald trump, who was born 65 years ago today! it was sweet. obama sent him a hallmark card that said, prove it. #fallonmono
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out some weird, funny, or crazy thing about your dad, and tag with #thatsmydad. could be on our show.
call of duty: modern warfare 3
celebrity whispers
what a game between the mavs and the heat last night. i actually missed most of it  but then again, so did lebron. #fallonmono
there are newly-released emails between sarah palin and george w. bush  otherwise known as spellchecks worst nightmare. #fallonmono
call of duty: modern warefare 3 kicking off video game week this week on #latenight.
@vichasasecret don't.
@vigilant_j okay.
@kebdc thank you.
live @cbssunday webcast with @jimmyfallon and @russ cbs, beginning 12:00pm et
.@cbssunday is this thing live?
summer do not read list featuring latawnya, the horse that says "no" to drugs.
kexp gone from 91.5 nyc?!?!??!! no john @loserboy richards? man, i miss that station.
@kirstiealley can't wait to have you on tonight. finally.
weiner apologizes to his "staff."
my dog jeff used to like it when we put glasses and a hat on him. hed growl if we tried to take them off. #mypetisweird
let's play the hashtag game! tweet out some weird, funny, or crazy thing your pet does, and tag with #mypetisweird. could be on our show.
.@mymorningjacket debuting title track from their new cd "circuital" tonight!! #latenight
thanks again to @amandanorthrop. i hope you had fun on the @unistudios tour! #tramtastic
our thank you notes book is a ny times bestseller!!!! yahooooo!!! thank you everybody.
looking forward to all new week of late night this week.
need nkotb tour jacket from 1991! please send all pricing, address and info of your history with said jacket to @gwynethpaltrow.
ha! thanks. rt @stevegarfield: great seeing you on the moon this morning. #parademagazine
at the bar w/ roger federer
video game week on latenight: m/call of duty:mw3, t/gears3, w/uncharted3, th/battlefield3 & f/nintendo. starts mon june 13th.
happy birthday to 1 of the geniuses behind top chef and real housewives, (@bravoandy). send him a tweet!
off to universal studios hollywood (@unistudios) to host the new backlot tour ride. so excited!!!! #tramtastic
#jerseyfloor on #latenight tonight
shout out to @blakeman64. say hi to mildrid.
rt @cbssunday: join us for coffee and conversation with @jimmyfallon next #sundaymorning 6/12 after the show in nyc!
off to @thedailyshow with johnny stewham. i'm probably just gonna call him jon, though. right?
in la tomorrow, 6/1 come see me: 7pm, leonard goldenson theatre. limited seating. rsvp here rsvp.nbc@nbcuni.com
off to cbs sunday morning, wtf and then top it all off with a daily show appearance. it's a beautiful 120 degrees!
still number 1?!?!!!?! awesome!!!
i have the best view from my hotel room!! #nashville #drinkingwjohnrich
hanging w/@jakefogelnest on altnation #nowplaying #siriusxm
in nashville. with @johnrich. who's out tonight?!
proud to have service men and women making up our entire audience tonight. #fleetweek #memorialday 
hey everyone, @amandanorthrop won our ultimate fan contest! see you at universal studios hollywood amanda.
i'm so thankful that you guys took thank you notes to number 1 on amazon. i'll talk about it tonight. but really, thank you.
awesome!! rt @beatriz1986: hey @jimmyfallon thank u notes still #1 on amazon.com
happy happy birthday @gianaaman!
thank you.
we did it!!! you guys are the best! number 1 book on amazon!!!
thanks everyone. let's see what happens. right now, we're number 10.
@skwpharmgirl nice!! thanks!
@yobeav thanks!
order away!! lets see if the number can go to 1 for this hour!
today @ 3pm (new york) - 12 (west coast) amazon.com order thank you notes (6 bucks!?!?) let's make it number uno for just an hour.
crosby, nash and i salute miley tonight on late night. #partyusa
tonight i'm signing nooks and kindles @ barnes & noble in union square. #thankyounotesbook
we can try an be the number 1 book on amazon. for an hour. 1 hour is enough, right?
if everyone buys 1 thank you note book on thursday 5/26 @3pm ny 12pm west coast...
i have a thank you note book experiment that i want to try. if you haven't bought the book yet... wait.
i'm at javits center for bookexpo. i'm signing thank you notes book @ booth 3620. come say hi!
microsoft is unveiling windows 8. when you buy it, that paper clip goes it looks like you havent learned your lesson yet! #fallonmono
no, your cat is not adorable. and unless you physically gave birth to it, please stop calling it your "baby." #iwentthere
just heard the cars rehearse for the show. sounding awesome!!
from #lnjf (blog): listen to this @boniver medley. so good. (good morning!)
thanks. rt @esmatteo: i love that @boniver is singing bonnie raitt on @latenightjimmy and he gets couch time with @jimmyfallon
thank you notes for your kindle
thank you notes out today! i'm doing a signing wednesday @ union square barnes & noble. 7:30.
day before the release... #thankyounotes
these were hanging in my closet. #barrygibb
does anyone want to buy 6 months of canned food and bottled water?
the man from mars is eatin' cars. don't stop punk rock.
congrats @gavinpurcell on the marathon finish!!!! 1st? 2nd?
congrats @aplusk on two & 1/2 men gig and congrats @charliesheen on sheen'd.
sheen'd
a theme park is opening in china, dedicated to hello kitty. it's next to that famous chinese restaurant, goodbye doggie. #fallonmono
my sister gave my mom a book about menopause for christmas. #worstgiftever
let's play the hashtag game! tweet the worst gift you or someone you know got (or gave) & tag with #worstgiftever. could be on our show.
happy 49th birthday to @craigyferg! i wish it were 20 years later - so then you'd be 69. get it? like the famous sexual position?
web exclusive: randy newman performs short people
watching snl tonight.
batali & masa?!?!
new lonely island record is awesome. www.turtleneckandchain.com 
new! thank you notes: the book!
so good.@mshillmvngtrgt rt@questlove: imma start what i know will be a trending topic #mslaurynhill
my man @jakobdylan admitting that he "shot the sheriff" but did not "shoot the deputy."
from #lnjf (blog): thank you notes book coming soon!!
our tribute to the great bob marley continues tonight with jakob dylan performing "i shot the sheriff" w/ the roots.
if you rt this tweet, you will do well on your finals. #jimmyfallonchaintweet
@tkvictim05 happy 20th buddy!!
@mrjeremyt nice!!! #promdisaster
battle of the instant dance crews & @chriscornell performing "redemption song" tonight on @latenightjimmy.
my date showed up in high heels and a spray tan. when i stood next to her, i looked like a small pale ghost boy. #promdisaster
people are getting their thank you note pre-orders today! check out barnesandnoble.com. it's out may 23.
president obama likes the cartoon doug
gingrich is running for pres. im not saying he peaked in the 90s but his campaign is sponsored by tamagotchis & crystal pepsi. #fallonmono
fun times. rt@shoemakermike: a 2002 ew story about young tina fey & jf & their 1st year of update.
@mrhoratiosanz i'm awful at this. but 10-8-3? 8 to win? #derby
from #lnjf (blog): kentucky derby rap #derby #kentuckyderby
@kristiebeth506 have a happy, happy birthday.
thank you for everything, @saraschaefer1! gonna miss you.
played "random object shootout" w/ @thenyknicks's @carmeloanthony. not telling who wins. #latenight
this site is cool
tina fey and amy poehler go 'jersey' on late night.
amy and tina on jersey floor tonight.
@danielbaldwin you stopping by?
tonight, alec baldwin will do something ridiculous on our show. #latenight
she'd draw smiley faces and write little notes on bananas, then pack them in my school lunch. #mymomisnuts
get the new beastie boys rrrright now!
buried at sea? tough year for the oceanbp, japan radiation & now "hey mind if we put bin laden in here?" #fallonmono
donald trump: "i killed osama bin laden"
just left #metball. so fun. gonna go on tour w/ @taylorswift13 & her band. can't wait!
rt @mikedicenzo: super proud of this piece: donald trump responds to bin laden news:
donald trump responds to bin laden news:
fun radio interviews today. wiux indiana, kuom minnesota, wtbu boston, wgmu va, wrgw dc & radio x fl.
got bin laden and interrupted celebrity apprentice? win for obama all around.
@nitwhit0855 happy birthday!
my man @sethmeyers21 killed it just now at the correspondents dinner!!! killed it!! congrats!
at the revlon run/walk with @80miles, @gavinpurcell & late night fun people! #nyc #revlonwalk 
.@justinbieber, @jessicaalba just asked me how to spell your last name. #whaaa? #imabelieber
sorry west coast. i wasn't told that we'd be preempted. if i had known, i would've done something special for you guys. #bummed
yes!! rt @markpittashow: @jimmyfallon your ice cream finally made it to marin county!
tonight: @sethmeyers21, @elvisduran, dispatch, hashtags & karate piata. #latenight
okay carrie underwood, we get it, you're an atheist.
a tiny part of me hopes the guy on the clif bar wrapper falls.
wow, just read a scathing new york times review of a million ways to die in the west.
mos eisley now has a farmers market on wednesdays, so things are lookin up!
seriously though, you guys, what do you all think about israel? lets solve this thing right here on twitter.
klik here 4 insurance haha psych! --healthcare.gov in text message form
hollywood has never really had a subtle touch.
sunday 11/24 check out my tv wife @alexborstein in her new @hbo show #gettingon ...
rt @depaz_pdx: @sethmacfarlane do you ever tweet your own material? // i tend to save it for the talking pictures.
also check out this bbc article by cassini imaging science team leader @carolynporco 
link to full-resolution cassini image can be found here: 
brand new stunning photograph of saturn, taken by nasa's cassini spacecraft
great day with ann druyan and @neiltyson at the library of congress for the installation of the carl sagan and ann druyan archive.
after all these years, couldnt someone please ask yoo-hoo chcolate drink what the fuck it wants?
if silent movies are any indication, 70% of the american labor force in 1916 worked in the ladder-carrying industry.
dear trendy restaurants: just put "men" and "women" on your restroom doors.  i don't want to stare at a hieroglyphic looking for the dick.
rt @chelsealouiise4: recent work: peter griffin tattoo. #familyguy #tattoo
i'm doing the neutron dance, and i'm still unhappy.  when is this supposed to kick in?
support my buddy @mark_wahlberg raffling off tix to #lonesurvivor premiere and after party! only $10 to enter #charity
@alexborstein @sarahksilverman live in ny 10/30 in "what's so bloody funny?"
thanks for all the birthday tweets!
have just rediscovered the sesame street album "ernie's hits", which i have not heard since i was 5.  it is fucking hilarious and awesome.
welcome to hollywood, john wilson orchestra!
my tv wife @alexborstein is doing a funny show in ny on 10/30 

the magnificent john wilson orchestra:

rt @davesimons: do you feel the laugh track is still necessary? //not "necessary" but it's a great energy in the room while you're taping.
and yes, that is an old-fashioned live audience on dads.  no laugh track.
hey bartenders-- this "one big ice cube" thing ain't workin'.  ice oughtta jingle in a drink.  so, yeah.  knock it off.
i bet hitler was the kind of guy who used the word "sowwy" in his text messages.
if i had been a cavalry soldier, i would've been the guy who always said things like, "wait, slow down guys, my shit's all tangled up here."
rt @robertelee: @ulyssessgrant ok you win, dude-- gimme your terms. #appomattox #pissed #whatever
hey hancock and others: draft is attached (pdf). please sign, scan and return. thx! --jefferson
punch me for tweeting the fucking atlantic, but this is a good piece.  ...
when trashy starfleet chicks get a tattoo, they choose the klingon word for tranquility.
hey, call my  and remind me to send that .  (i wanted to be the first one ever to use these emoticons.)
if youre a slutty nurse all year-round, what do you dress as for halloween?
who sang dont you forget about me?  cause ive honestly, genuinely forgotten them.
your baby has no idea that you threw him a 1st birthday party.  all you did was inconvenience your friends.
its october, so i need everything i eat and drink to taste like fucking pumpkin now.  dont let me down, starbucks.
per several family guy episodes: whenever theres a government shutdown, we can all steal a zoo animal. go get yours.
if tv is to be believed, we all sure sing a lot of public domain songs.
holy shit, canada-- don't scare the fuck outta me while i'm channel surfing.
prepping for family guy live in toronto
the white community has kicked me out because i haven't seen breaking bad.  anybody else got room?
#ff @neiltyson - host of cosmos!
get your tix for family guy live in toronto: #jfl42 comedy festival 
get your pass at
@actuallynph perfect hosting as always-- nice work pal
nice work, rob reiner-- jean stapleton topped 'em all.
good luck to my pal @actuallynph tonight!  this guy oughtta host the oscars.
rt @aubreysund: @sethmacfarlane ok, this is begging for a joke from you.
rt @sean_who_: wow i love @sethmacfarlane's cavalcade of comedy!  so fucking funny! // i had to do that 'cause i lost a bet.
if you look closely, there's an ad for "dads" on canelo's trunks.
nice to have whoopi goldberg here with--oh sorry, lil wayne.
"canelo only pawn in game of life."
i call bullshit-- canelo is clearly an irishman.
bieber: "you and me is pals, ain't we, floyd!"
rt @floydmayweather: love rocking out to james taylor pre-fight.
they need to find something new to do with oatmeal.  maybe little marshmallows or something, i don't know.  forget it.
dennis rodman says lucy van pelt "actually a really cool person" despite evidence of repeated football removal
when dudley moore switched bodies with kirk cameron in "like father like son", why didn't kirk cameron have an english accent?
she loved his haagen dazs. he loved the camera.  the haagen dazs stood alone.  in the distance, a dog barked.
whoever brings the ice cream to the party gets laaaiiid!
whoever brings the ice cream to the party gets laaaiiid!
chilling thought: with all the billions of people on earth, the odds are very high that right now, someone is watching "fred claus."
if scientists somehow found a hidden, additional africa, how fucking psyched would bono be?
hey, anyone got any blurry, distant phone-footage from a concert? well stop hogging it, guys! put it on youtube!
below rt is the link i was attempting to post (thank you sir). my friend john wilson and his amazing orchestra playing a cartoon score live.
john williams at the hollywood bowl. always great.
"do you not see that you have shamed our family?  dear lord, my boy, you're a thicke!  do behave as one!" -- from 'the thickewick papers'
antidote to the vmas.  great song by johnny burke and jimmy van heusen, sung by bing
whoever came up with the title "you're next" should also consider "why i oughtta" and "well looky what we have here"
rt @sarahksilverman: your fancy frankenstein cross-breed vanity dog can't breathe you obnoxious cock // make it 3 rt's.
"live, love, laugh, limp." -- captain ahab's twitter bio
diving into editing for a million ways to die in the west -- roughly 215 hours of footage to go through.  i'll tweet again after christmas.
autocorrect just changed "traffic" to "triassic".  'cause, y'know, i type "triassic" all the goddamn time.
the right-wing press says: "dads" is "full of disparaging portrayals of white men."  left-wing press says "dads is racist against asians."
i don't quite buy this courtroom sketch from bradley manning's trial.
@juliussharpe you need to tweet that a thousand times until it's effectively absorbed into the social media hive mind.
wh-- what?
beach scenes in early '80s movies are their own brand of grotesque.
you're right, helen reddy.  that ain't no way to treat a lady.
#ff @theptc - because it's opposite day!!!
finally back in la after 4months  filming in the desert. feel like tom hanks at the end of castaway, except wilson was a mound of horseshit.
rt @waylonvargas: are there any moments in your shows that are reminiscent of your own life? // just the cleveland show opening credits.
oh cool, a new superhero movie.  that is refreshing indeed.
watching the muppet movie.  awesome that kermit rides a bike.  #blessed
these pringles are tasty.  #blessed
good to be done filming "hee haw: the motion picture"
wrapped
#ff @barnaby_smith: chief morale officer for a million ways to die in the west
the next rapper to wear baggy trousers should call himself rico zouave.
rt @a_b91: @sethmacfarlane do you ride western, english or trail // drunk.
i have now been filming my western longer than the old west actually existed.
skippy's the horse.
took a horse to full-speed gallop for the first time today.  thank you skippy.
all sheep sound like frank oz.
we're running out of guys named jasper.
i wonder if da vinci made duck lips when he painted selfies.
the huffington post has become the smashmouth of news outlets.
mr. gepetto? fbi. we understand youve been wishing on a star for a real live boy and, well, youre gonna have to come with us.
its generally a good idea to stay out of any newspaper article that contains the word ferry.
tsa workers are required to take all jokes seriously.  much like television critics.
rt @rapps55: @sethmacfarlane who wins? // the weather.
only one more week of filming for a million ways to die in the west -- ready to return to the 21st century
good way to pass down time on set
rt @carpetacos: in ted, it was pouring at the midtown hotel but a mile away at the hatch shell it was dry // bawston weathah, mahthafahkah.
this was not an easy decision, but --everyone, before announcing an easy decision
big thanks to the bill o'reilly fan club for visiting us on set today!
this is so chris nolan.
rt @averyyycohen: seth when is your new movie gonna be done? // a million ways to die in the west will be out may 30 next year.
this bobby goldsboro song kicks ass.  (things i would never say but might think)
the correct link w/ sagan opening:

if supernatural thrillers keep claiming they're "based on a true story", we get to say the same for star wars.
here's the link to the new cosmos trailer! 
#ff @juliussharpe - this guy should be at a million by now.
rt @97stewiegriffin: were you giving us a hint to ted back in 2001?
decades late to the party, but just now reading john jakes' north and south trilogy.  need this kind of storytelling today.  good shit.
rt @ricaninboston: ribisi dancing to tiffany 'i think we're alone now' in ted #epic // he suggested that on the day of filming. funny dude.
i want to be the kind of dad who briefly glances up from his fountain pen to utter the words "now i'll not hear any more on the subject!"
rt @spartygirl8356: @sethmacfarlane since the cleveland show got cancelled does that mean the browns are moving to quahog? // yup
hey pal, if you have to charge your cellphone in a public restroom, maybe its better to just be off the grid for a bit.
hey atlantic magazine, just say you thought this is the end was funny, without clenching your anus into an asterisk.
the latest addition to our cast for a million ways to die in the west.
rt @someotherguy: yup, still there.  rt @francisscottkey: hey, is the flag still up there?
sesame street is overcompensating. the new elmo can only talk to kids if there are 3 other monsters present.
sesame street is overcompensating. the new elmo can only talk to kids if there are 3 other monsters present.
the eskimos may have 100 words for snow, but we have 200 words for cocaine. including snow.
rt @powerfulpoop: @sethmacfarlane hey seth, i want to pitch an animation show, where can i send you info? // 1060 w. addison st., chicago il
the future of america:
final day of filming for liam neeson in a million ways to die in the west-- this man kicks ass.
rt @drewchrist87: 102 degrees? don't be a pussy. that's a brisk iraqi morning. // i don't think i'd be an asset to your platoon.
i'd say this is like filming on mars, but it's 102 fucking degrees.
rt @scubaxxxsteve: @sethmacfarlane try being stationed in the desert and have to constantly run in it. // hard to keep that bayonet shiny.
i highly recommend filming in the desert all day if you want your lungs to feel like a pair of beanbag chairs.
an important step toward equality for all w/ the supreme court decision.  now let's hurry up and finish the rest.
rt @sinataslimy: @sethmacfarlane
late #ff: @dadmacfarlane.  my father, mark twain.
spent yesterday with our 1880's train out in colorado for a million ways to die in the west-- hard to get it to 88 mph.
rt @jaclyn_cosgrove: you better not disappoint us with a million ways to die in the west. // dare i say, this one's gonna be good.
rt @tuli_16: before ted, the last actual funny movie i watched was the mask. // the one with rocky dennis, yeah?  that was funny.
"alcohol's better while debating someone you mostly agree with." --drinking liberally
nearly halfway done filming a million ways to die in the west
dear apple: this is a set of earbuds.  it is not the contents of fort knox. please revise your packaging accordingly.
just saw someone pay for something with a check.  my time machine works!  it works!!!
"let's all do something together and have all but one of us fail at it." --family game night
starsky and hutch was originally titled starsky and rabbit cage. this is fun, right? were having fun.
at one time, this was the present.
rip jean stapleton-- one of the greatest actresses of all time.  thank you for everything, edith.
jogger in a surgical mask: this is a toxic, disgusting world and i wanna live a long time in it.
another packed day of filming with theron, nph, seyfried, ribisi, and silverman -- lucky to have such a phenomenonal cast!
a disneyland employee was arrested for exploding dry ice in the toontown attraction.  i think i recognize him.
@billmaher brought the laughs today in a million ways to die in the west
a grim sample of federally-sanctioned bigotry in our "enlightened" country, illustrated by two friends of mine. ...
--&gt; recommend the job, as zadan and meron are two of the most talented producers in the business. my suggestion for host is joaquin phoenix.
traumatized critics exhale: i'm unable to do the oscars again. tried to make it work schedule-wise, but i need sleep.  however, i highly--&gt;
when's the earliest it's cool to operate a leaf-blower?  never before 3pm, right?
@actuallynph killed it today in a million ways to die in the west -- the man is brilliant.
late #ff - @amandaseyfried -- bringing extra stools to the saloon
someone's gonna go through these tweets later and edit them, right?
in case you hear a cell phone in the background of a million ways to die in the west, some historians say they had those back then.
"it's time for a leader who can't pee her name in snow." -- provisional hillary '16 slogan
at car wreck: "let's exchange insurance information."  "okay, mine are total dicks."  "mine too."
happy press freedom day!  nice work, you guys-- keep doing woodward and bernstein proud by chronicling jessica simpson's ass.
if for no other reason than to mess with some heads, will and jada smith should adopt a poor white baby.
you know how supermarkets have a huge selection of all your favorite brands? thats terrible, right? --trader joes
wow, if only i could watch this book in 3d! -- no readers of the great gatsby, ever
 i can't imagine these emoticons get much use.  not a lot of high-level execs texting "omg how effing sick was this fiscal quarter!!"
"it's slobberin' time!" -- the thing in a nursing home
rt @chrisobelll: @sethmacfarlane be honest. should i buy this right now?
filming a million ways to die in the west.  fun being in a climate where you have to drink 9,000 glasses of water a day or you drop dead.
rt @kaleycuoco: im sorry i dont even know this dog but it's hysterical.
yeah no, it's cool, we'll go around.
rt @shaithis72: seth i just downloaded your movie "ted" for free. // i vow that i will not rest until i see you behind bars.
rt @misssamanthad: @sethmacfarlane what is that one movie you can watch over and over? // defending your life. @albertbrooks
the edited family guy clip currently circulating is abhorrent. the event was a crime and a tragedy, and my thoughts are with the victims.
i think president john tyler would've been a belieber.
on the iranian muppet show, miss piggy is edited out, for multiple reasons.
famous film quotes, the notebook: notebook notebook notebook rainy kiss notebook. (i havent seen the notebook)
my pal john wilson's new album is now available on itunes -- one of the best orchestras in the world.
if robert redford needs to cash a check and doesnt have his id, i bet his jeans and jean-shirt are also acceptable.
if tv and movies went away and i was forced to work as a construction crane operator, that'd be fucking cool.
when the doctor with the defibrillator  yells clear!, i bet the other mds are like, i know, asshole, im a doctor too.
still not secure enough in my manhood to eat a luna bar.
really hope that gay couples can get married soon, so they can finally experience the act of physical love.
roger ebert will be missed. one of the few critics who had actually written films.  his opinion always mattered to me.  he was the greatest.
rt @weedsvsroses: @sethmacfarlane
i would love for there to be a ryan gosling movie in which he quietly broods, but fat chance of that, right?
north korea is basically scrappy-doo with nukes.
any of you guys ever direct a western?  howd you keep the horses dicks out of the shot?
the new north dakota abortion law: life begins when the man gets a half-chub.  #blueballsismurder
i ate his liver with some fava beans, and a glass of turning leaf.  --hannibal on a budget
#ff @annemurray1 - because stewie wants you to get lost in some anne.
in 1996, the us enacted doma, and cartoon network premiered dexter's laboratory.  the wrong one is still alive.
supreme court, stop acting like cowards.  now is the time for a broad ruling to make the leap into the 20th century. --sincerely, the 21st.
supreme court, stop acting like cowards.  now is the time for a broad ruling to make the leap into the 20th century. --sincerely, the 21st.
victor garber is charlie brown all grown up.
now if we can just get it up to 88 mph...
in pre-production for a million ways to die in the west.  my horse hasn't kicked me yet, but he did say he hates family guy past season 3.
remember when bradley cooper was bamm-bamm?
rt @rcaponetto: watching season 10 of family guy. @sethmacfarlane 's dad is so hilarious! i love him! // follow him at @dadmacfarlane
rt @shadykelley: family guy makes much more sense when drunk. // from our end too.
to signal the conclave had not reached a decision, they released black smoke from a chimney and emptied 400 styrofoam cups into the street.
rt @breejess: @sethmacfarlane has there been an episode like this? #familyguy
rt@arianamazz: is it weird that i want @sethmacfarlane to make a music album // i humbly direct you to music is better than words on itunes
actually, drink just half a cup of coffee and dizzy fingers will have the same effect.
drink ten cups of coffee and download "dizzy fingers" by the carpenters.  you will never need cocaine.
damn, all in the family makes up for every subsequent terrible sitcom.  kills me any hour of any day.
we've decided to make ted 3, but not ted 2.
"you should bring me home so i can block up your basement forever. we'll play maybe 4 times." --pool tables
theory: they're not really drug testing the urine that athletes give. there's just someone somewhere way into black guy pee.
kim jong un's instructions for his hairstylist:  "1890's saloon bartender"
tennis, no one?
rt@flyovergirl: spent the past hour listening to ann druyan. @sethmacfarlane, please tell her she's extraordinary. // she's truly brilliant.
i mean, is this too much to ask, new york times?  it could be called "piano pie pickle"
declaring the harlem shake over is, itself, over.
dear you two guys:  i beg you. please, please please let me watch you move a piano up a flight of stairs.  
#ff @sirpatstew - make it so.
ex-pope. new pope. roommates. nbc. thursday nights. get there.
you guys know that was just part 1 of the oscars, right? the whole rest of the 3-parter is still coming!
wow-- thanks for all the props on my twitter!  ladies and gents, you are the swellest and i love ya.
the oscars is basically the kobayashi maru test.
rt @crusephoto: @sethmacfarlane  would you host the #oscars again if asked? // no way.  lotta fun to have done it, though.
my cat said the show went well.
#ff these funny folks: @morgan_murphy @joshcomers @croninwhocares @chrisrregan @porters
rt @cutiee4411: @sethmacfarlane this is the best thing ever.
in answer to you all: my dad always played anne murray in the car on the way to the dump when i was a kid. inspiration for the episode.
ff @davidagoodman - family guy writer and beloved hebrew
rt @sinofaze: @sethmacfarlane | #petergriffin | a comfortable fat guy in underwear? | #familyguy is big in china |
ailing pope announces successor... pauly shore?!??!?  somebody make the movie.
check out @norahjones performing everybody needs a best friend from "ted" 
thanks @norahjones for killing it on leno w/ everybody needs a best friend from ted.  even if we lose best song, you're still the best!
then, an accidental overdose of gamma radiation alters his body chemistry.  and now, when david banner becomes angry...
rt @billmaher: gone #apers #realtime @hbo video clip here:
just saw the weirdest thing.  young couple out on a date, and they were the same race.  sooooo creepy.
my zero dark 30 torture scenario: put me in a tiny room with just a beet salad, atlas shrugged, wet socks, and a wall street journal.
by denying gays, the boy scouts continue to live in the 1950s.  but wait til they get to the '70s!  they're gonna love star wars!
yeah, i'm not gonna vote on the coke chase.
rt @domanicoeffect: @sethmacfarlane not your best. try harder next time. // fuck off, this is free.
this years oscars will be like nothing you can imagine.  unless you can imagine 3 hours of, like, people getting awards and stuff.
just fyi, stewie's not gay.  we haven't decided what he is.  he was "outed" by an online press outlet (an unreliable source for facts)
wanna be reminded of my childhood. anyone know where i can find a scented car freshener with "dog piss and old coffee smell"?
#ff @neilmeron for all your oscar updates
rt @stevebunin: @sethmacfarlane most underrated tv score #ever. // goddamn right
the name "wayne lapierre" conjures  a man coughing into a lace handkerchief while carefully stepping out of a carriage to avoid a puddle.
rt @thomas_breen: @sethmacfarlane #ted2 #cantwait
i hate people who say "just to play devil's advocate"
guess what, other white people?  i've been down with the flu for 4 days and i still haven't watched homeland.  does that upset you?
rt @dizzleyd: thought you might enjoy this. peter in water color 
hey avant garde theater producers: "romeo and oubliette".  you're welcome.
we're running out of guys named anatole.
rt @shadow__creeper: have you seen reactions to it? // i read the new yorker review. somehow they change the subject to f. scott fitzgerald.
hard at work on movie 44.
fuck off, flu.
congrats to my "ted" co-writers @thesulk and wellesley wild on their series pickup from fox!  you talented dicks make my job easy.
thank you japan for making ted no. 1!!
in honor of dr. martin luther king's birthday, can we please get some black emoticons?  i'm tired of using this 
hbo's "girls" taught me that no one anywhere ever wears a shirt anymore.
the founding fathers never intended for us to write the letter "s".
if mom and dad paid to put you through journalism school and you're typing the phrase "new couple alert," you should just walk into the ocean.
grampa, what did you do while america fought the great war of afghanistan? i was in an ironic adult kickball league.
javert and valjean just need to get une chambre already.
i would like to live in south central l.a., because i bet no drivers ever give you the "shave-and-a-haircut" honk.
hey jazz musicians:  bieber bossa nova.  you're welcome.
this amuses me 
@neiltyson and @brannonbraga soaring in first day of cosmos shooting!
wow, just saw an out-of-business hooters franchise.  how did you not get boobs right?
rt @jakematthews42:
"hi, i'm a mac."  "hi, i'm a pc."
"venkman... we're gonna have to cross the streams."
downey's looking very "10 paces, then turn and fire" chic tonight.
um... no, not really.  would you like to make a deal?
dracula, you're fantastic.
tommy lee jones laughing uproariously at wiig and ferrell.  i'm told this is also his sex face.
dear ken tucker and entertainment weekly: please tell me how i may earn a review as glowing as the one you gave urkel.
#ff my pal @bryancranston - one of the few people who can get a 10-minute long laugh outta me.
lotta flap over that adolf joke. look, amour was a great film, so how about this: austria, we'll give you the oscar if you take back arnold.
just a heads up, @stonenobrien, i'm a cranky bastard at 5 a.m.
just a heads up, @stonenobrien, i'm a cranky bastard at 5 a.m.
just want to point out that the dinner party in "the hobbit" is the same length as an actual dinner party.
in theater watching les miserables.  managed to take a screen shot of russell crowe without getting busted.
wonder if i can write the deepest poem ever: city of broken dreams, something something, prison inside. holy shit, i did it!
rt @djmonty90: just finished my family guy puzzle after 3 days
2016 sitcom, after hillary wins: dont trust the b---- in 1600 p.
well know kim and kanye have a smart baby if it comes out of the womb wearing fake glasses.
wow-- nra vs. basic research.  

reminder to political cartoonists: no need to write obama on his clothes. we already know hes the black guy.
just found out i have to help clean up after the oscars  :(
if you try to rent a snowmobile, they first do a background check to make sure you didnt go to college.
rt @tatooinedude: how come in all of princess leias instagrams shes making those sy snootles lips?
george bush doesnt care about half of kim kardashians baby.
hey yahoo movies, i notice one of your online movie poll questions is "who's the best archer?"  you are now just wasting electricity.
just recalled that when i was a kid, i had a fight with my sister over who was a better musician: john williams or debbie gibson. i win.
i'm sure many people have posted this, but wayne lapierre, meet your good pal archie bunker. 
this season of does your bra fit sucks so far.
no matter what you achieve in your lifetime, nothing gives you a greater feeling of lasting legacy than writing "fuck" in wet cement.
can we all collectively decide whether it's pronounced "po-em" or "pome"
hate that new years is right after xmas.  it's like your drunk friend in vegas urging the already tired group to hit one more bar at 3am.
rt @coltfan7: first phyllis diller, now rip charles durning. sad day for the #familyguy company // peter griffin misses his mom and dad.
holiday climate change skeptics deny the existence of heat miser.
everything we dump in the gutter ends up in the ocean.  i just dumped some wine and a valium, so the fish'll have a nice weekend.
ted 2 will be broken up into 5 films, but i swear it won't feel at all padded or overstuffed.
i grew a gandalf beard in the time it took me to watch the hobbit.
itunes.  yorgi yorgesson.  "i just go nuts at christmas."  thank me or punch me later.
"the world will end december 21st, 2012!" ...said the guys who practiced human sacrifice, thought the sun was magic, and worshipped corn.
he's making a list, and checking it twice, and then like five more times 'cause he's got crazy ocd.
as requested:
rt @jett_son: @sethmacfarlane @dadmacfarlane did u two really ride to the dump listening to anne murray? // that was my childhood yes
my dad's on twitter. @dadmacfarlane
rt @guardianfilm: the 10 best films of 2012, no 2  ted
check out ted on jimmy kimmel tonight.  blair clark and the tippett fx team nailed it.
hey.  iphone autocorrect.  maybe you lead a stress-free existence, but humans don't.  we cuss.  please adapt to this.
rt @ambleman: @sethmacfarlane - a person's greatest barrier to success is ... ? // ...an electromagnetic energy field of enormous power.
i'm so bored of my stupid knee ligaments.  time to hit a holiday ice rink!
go see my pal @_aaronmcpherson of
oh my god-- tom shales is peter griffin.
the stockings were hung by the chimney with care... 'cause hanging up stockings is soooooo fucking hard.
diamonds are a girls best friend, ergo diamonds get secretly happy when the girl gets fat.
i dream of jeannie wouldnt be believable today.  not cause the girl is a genie, but cause the guy is an astronaut.
in protest of our country's treatment of  native americans, i will be sending sacheen littlefeather to host the oscars in my place.
if theres still an obama sign on your lawn at this point, youre basically doing an extended, post-touchdown shipoopi.
my sister @girlmacfarlane will be hosting animated voices of xmas on dec 2nd-- vo performers singing for a good cause:
i can't believe i actually know people who think the world is going to end in december.  for your edification:
i never have to worry about making the worst movie of all time, because the 1980 sci-fi disco musical "the apple" exists.
good reminder in today's educational climate:
ff my pal @brannonbraga - writer for star trek: tng and voyager, co-creator of flash forward, and exec producer for the new cosmos!
twenty bucks says the big discovery that the curiosity rover has made on mars is a wendy's.
dear everyone i know: i haven't seen "homeland" yet.  please stop asking before i drive my car through your living room.
glad hobbit animal wranglers have come forth about animal mistreatment.  it's an underpublicized hollywood epidemic that needs a crackdown.
watch the "sammy's visit" episode of all in the family for a refresher course in the comedy genius of norman lear - 2012 needs this kinda tv
im halfway afraid that when we finally decode whale calls well learn that its all just anti-semitic stuff.
sounds true but isn't: if you could lay out your small intestine end to end, it would extend the distance from earth to jupiter.
ff @chrisdelia - one of the best goddamn standup sets i've seen in years.
i wonder if al qaeda terrorists drink sunni delight.
early ff: @sirpatstew - let's expand the captain's twitter crew
rt @mittromney: still in my pjs and bring it on is on starz #dayturningoutawesomeafterall
rt @paulryanvp: @mittromney yo!! gym?!?
rt @mittromney: just realized i can totally grow a sick mustache now and nobody can give me any shit for it.
rt @mittromney: it's fucking amazing how one bowl of fruity pebbles can make this all okay.
i hope american voters realize that the outcome of this election will seriously impact peoples mood at the oscars.
i bet theres a whole dump in china just for our old nordictracks.
might not be able to tweet on election night, so in advance: yay! / fuck! (depending)
hollywood, hurry up and decide which disease ribbon were gonna do for the oscars cause i gotta pick out which color contacts to wear.
rt @tuesdayswimguy: wait! since star wars was sold to disney, does that mean no more family guy usage of it? // alas, i'd bet money on it.
i wish someone would tell romney his hair makes him look like peter parker's boss.
thanks for all the birthday wishes!  i'll have one drink for each tweet.
if i had to vote for either richard mourdock or joffrey baratheon, it'd be a tough call.
if romney's military budget includes bayonets, it better also include tri-cornered hats.
obama and romney should open the next debate with a really well-rehearsed rendition of that "god, i hope i get it" song from a chorus line.
halloween is a great time of year to see some spooooooooooky prostitutes.
still trying to figure out what romney meant by "trapper keepers full of women."
joe biden always sorta looks like a guy who would've dated blanche devereaux on the golden girls.
my sister rachael (@girlmacfarlane) will be performing at the highline ballroom tomorrow night in nyc-- if you're in the city, check it out!
finally figured out who paul ryan looks like.
paul ryan's features are such that if he donned a fraying top hat and sang "consider yourself", it'd be oddly perfect.
ladies, if you want hillary to get a legitimate shot in 2016, you gotta stop making duck lips in instagrams.
if i were moderating this debate, the first thing i'd do is offer romney some chapstick.
i'm a fan of all margaret cho's work, but i think gangnam style might be the coolest thing she's ever done.
in the spirit of classic hollywood, here's my friend john wilson's newly-released cd-- best orchestra on the planet 
very excited about the big news!
check out the season premieres of family guy and american dad tonight!
my sister rachael (@girlmacfarlane) is performing at catalina bar and grill in hollywood tonight at 8:30 pm-- for tickets call 323-466-2210
rt @seanthompson244: i want nothing more than to smoke a blunt with seth macfarlane // as long as it's not james.
if you haven't read @richarddawkins' "the magic of reality", check it out-- fascinating science doled out in a fun way with lotsa pictures!!
my sister rachael (@girlmacfarlane) released her album "hayley sings" today!  go get it on itunes!
rt @joanne_hankey: did you just draw that up in the men's room? #emmys behind-the-scenes // yes but don't worry, i washed my hands.
oh, there's the fucking mike.
#ff @girlmacfarlane - my sister rachael is finally on twitter!
watching the mitt romney hidden camera footage.  omg, he's totally peeing on that chick!!
rt@sethmeyers21: thanks to @sethmacfarlane for a great show. / thanks to seth meyers and your incredible staff for the ten-swim-caliber jokes!
rt @carl_franklin: @sethmacfarlane twitter says you're "similar to mars curiosity rover". // fuck yeah.
you kids dont remember, but once there were sitcoms about something other than gay guys.
rt @ouilhill: @sethmacfarlane
i am very disappointed that the democrats' party platform did not  mention zeus, ra, tezcatlipoca, thor, or the force.
neighbor: is tonight a good night for your head to throb? me: i guess. neighbor: okay, then ill fire up my barbecue.
rt @lopezinak: yesterday i saw ted in spain and i loved the scene where ted and his girlfriend are known. it was the best part of the movie
you dont need to tell us exactly why youre doing the aids walk. we take your word for it that you dont like aids.
rt @michellebosch3: loved ted! what will the next one be about? // john and ted have to steal an enchanted amulet from a vengeful warlock.
rt @rdavh: just seen ted! fucking hilarious. the fart and the hookers were just excellent! // those are what we call "the heart moments".
with gaga and rihanna out there hunting for new and exotic furs, we must do all we can to protect robin williams.
the romney story proves that, in america, a guy can start at the top and climb all the way to the top.
rt @tmashhadi: we went to the aahs! store and we bought this ted shirt. my stepfather wearing.
packaged with each my son is a marine sticker is a second sticker: my other son got held down by his brother and farted on a lot.
rt @randomflowers: empty chairs at empty tables? // bam!
a rt for the first person who can guess clint eastwood's favorite broadway song.
so disillusioned by the lance armstrong thing.  starting to think maybe he had two balls this whole time.
the clint eastwood speech is gonna play a lot better once they finish animating roger rabbit into that chair.
very excited to be hosting the season premiere of snl-- all i want is to do as well as joe montana did.
if i were obama, i'd fuck with people by walking into restaurants and shouting, "my men hunger from battle!  bring us wine and roast fowl!!"
a big part of my life is trying to apply purell without being noticed by the person who just shook my hand.
i promise that ted 2 will not contain the line "whaddaya mean we accidentally joined the army?!"
dear hand soap makers: a spout should bend downward at the end, so it doesn't shoot all over me like i'm jenna jameson.
ff @thesulk - let's get this guy to 500,000
hey douchebags-- how about a regular old-fashioned how-do-you-do handshake that doesn't turn into a hug, an arm-wrestle, or a finger ballet?
russian punk band sentenced to 3 years for hooliganism  (plus 8 counts of shenanigans, tomfoolery, hijinks, jibber-jabber, and razzmatazz)
i fear no man or thing the way i fear a bee in my car.
rt @andythebrown: hi! #i'm50today and in dublin - can i have a retweet? thanks! // your profile pic is robert baratheon meets doc brown.
rt @irisheyes5472: "@whattheffacts: seth macfarlane, creator of family guy drew his first cartoon characters at the age of 2." true? // yes
fun idea!  try dumping someone via wordsearch! fjmmxwearedonebblhdk
our pal sir patrick stewart is now on twitter!  follow him and make it so: @sirpatstew
50% of the olympics is to determine which nation has the strongest, fastest hermaphrodites.
in the ninth ring of hell, you have to watch other people eat cereal for all eternity.
we're running out of great composers.  marvin hamlisch, you will be missed.
so, we're all still totally fired up about that kony thing, right?
and it just sent its first photo from the surface!  wheel on the bottom right 
curiosity has landed safely!!!!
mission control looks a lot like detention.
superfoods are regular foods who saw their parents get murdered and theyre mad about it.
curiosity racing toward mars at 9,000 mph.  mitt romney eagerly anticipating contact with his homeworld.
good morning, neck tattoo guy wearing a valet polo. heres the keys to everything i own.
still waiting for that gps that speaks in michael stipe's voice - "now turn north"
lunch yesterday w/ george lucas, who explained to me in detail the moral philosophy of the force. that might be the whole bucket list.
mike, please come write for family guy.  you're just too fucking hilarious.
that other guy tosses appleseeds in peoples yards and hes a hero, but somehow i'm the the bad guy. --johnny manseed
rt@james_doughty: ted went from pant wettingly funny to gorgeously moving in 2 hours. // screw the new yorker review-- this is more like it
rt @dalton_keene: can you please clear something up? isn't it giggity and not giggidy? // it's giggity.
rt @perrymandan: @sethmacfarlane follow me. // no.
if you put quotes before the word romney and after the word wrong, you have an instant racist headline.
rt @tdawgtom: @sethmacfarlane you forgot to mention ireland!! // home of peter griffin's ancestry.  my apologies.
rt @darrell_parsons: have many jokes changed in the uk version? // yes, in the uk version, boston is still part of the empire.
my uk pals, you're finally getting "ted" this week.  sorry it took so long.  enjoy!
my dad's wedding should ensure that scotland and china never go to war.
a good stupidity barometer is how easily you can be insulted by a parrot.
rt@theseanmac: whats the coolest thing you learned all week on cosmos? / our fish ancestors had better eyes and saw more clearly than we do.
oddly stewie-esque.
rt @batman'sbodyarmorguy: sooo tired-- up til 3 sculpting plastic abs for that vain asshole.
man, i guess chick-fil-a really fucked equality in the ass, huh?
if you want to put a swift end to a boring first date, just say to the woman: "i predict you will bear me many fine sons."
share the road with cyclists, unless youre in a hurry and theyre going super-slow.
mcdonalds is on yelp, in case you need help deciding whether or not to go sit in someones diarrhea.
"boy scouts uphold no gays allowed policy" ...says the organization that decorates their shirts with stitched-on pictures of animal faces.
okay, so theres this bird and he pecks at stuff. sold.  -- woody woodpecker pitch meeting
planning a cartoon reboot of the hawaiian punch guy.  got a lot of cool ideas and--nah, fuck it, i'm out.
rt @aamernizami: @sethmacfarlane does it talk? // fuckin' a right it talks.
finally-- you can now get your own ted!

wait, dont eat your sandwich yet! let your mayonnaise get warm and then eat it on the ground! -- picnics
no common phrase makes me as uncomfortable as chink in the armor.
rt @creeper1232: @sethmacfarlane hey dude are you the crater of family guy // no, that's located on the lunar surface.
rt @missmichellel: read that mark didn't use a cue card in the trashy girl name scene, true? // true-- all from memory
those indy crafts fairs are awesome! walmart should do something like that!
rt @boxingwithgod: @uberfacts so why doesn't a season take 20 years to produce? // several episodes at once in various stages of production
thank you australia for all the ted love!
having trouble understanding this syria/turkey flap.  which side is, like, the khloe and which side is the kim?
hope you folks in the uk enjoy the ted screening-- so sorry i'm unable to be there, but have 2 uk trips coming up, so i'll schedule a qanda!
rt @victorialwhyte: will you be touring again with the john wilson orchestra? // will be back with them for the proms yes
okay, so ted was well-received.  now to make two others just like it and run em all on the same night.
norah jones "everybody needs a best friend" (from "ted") video up on vevo--
rt @stephenjbaker: @sethmacfarlane isn't about time for ted to be re-booted and the film remade with a different bear?
rt @d_mcdermott: only unrealistic thing about ted was how easily everyone found parking spaces in boston at night. // touch
rt @jen8372: @sethmacfarlane when is ted out in the uk? // august 3rd
thanks everyone for sending ted thru the roof w/ record-breaking numbers. we busted our asses on this so we really appreciate the enthusiasm
rt @vegaz1108: willkommen in deutschland, viel spa in unserer hauptstadt // danke schon-- mein teddybr sagt: "wo ist das bier?"
in berlin for ted promotion-- let's see if my 4 years of high school deutsch stuck to my brain
billy joel's "we didn't start the fire" is the best song ever written about lack of accountability.
rt @billwunde:  ted gave me the best ab workout in ages. #hilarious // see ted: it'll get you in shape for swimsuit season.
rt @catrancher46514: ted was great but my wife was really bummed that they never showed his dick. // you married the right woman.
rt @happy2bscoysgal: just saw ted.  one of the funniest and oddly heartwarming films i've seen in years! i loved it! thank you!
rt @shearsandbeers: sorry about your standee
rt @title3333: my mom loved the ted/mark fight.  she looked at me and said "remember when i used to whip yo ass like that?!?" // dear god.
rt @ninadobrev: @sethmacfarlane !! cant wait to see ted tonight! congrats buddy... :) // you know we're not the male stripper movie, right?
rt@cmjsrevihc:don't suppose there's a novelization of ted // "john and ted sang with a passion reserved for those who truly hated thunder."
rt @sheridanswee: i don't think they look so good 3-d...
i shudder to think how many romulans slipped through airport security while they were frisking shatner.
rt @astrachantv: @sethmacfarlane @_davidree_ how 'bout "better dead than ted" // that would work.  or "bearly watchable"
rt @_davidree_: you should stop rting good reviews and post some bad ones. // i'm amazed none of the bad ones have said "ted on arrival"
rt @jmacpcola: goal is cost-containment, but you'll never contain costs until you have universal access. // howard johnson is right!
rt @jwil9224: @sethmacfarlane would you recommend ted for a couple going on a first date? // believe it or not, absolutely.
rt@julie_something: haven't seen a movie in the theater for 2 years, but am going to see ted.// so you'll be comparing it to "knight and day."
rt @ryanbodie: @sethmacfarlane when does ted come out!!! // friday!!!  and stop yelling.
rt @markyrushe: @sethmacfarlane now your showing off // i'm just having a happy science nerd night
and to top it off, got to hold a 3rd-edition copy of isaac newton's principia mathematica, printed within his lifetime
great evening w/ @neiltyson and family-- celebrated w/ a cognac from 1934-- the year carl sagan was born. good times.
rt @washingtonpost: carl sagan's papers now at library of congress @sethmacfarlane @neiltyson:
...and yes, the thunder buddies song is on there.
ted soundtrack now available on itunes-- walter murphy's masterful score is both symphonic and swinging, and norah jones is sensational
follow alex borstein (aka voice of lois griffin, my tv wife) @mycelebprgnancy
why do all new yorker cartoons look like they were drawn during an earthquake?
actually no, tevye.  a fiddler on the roof doesn't sound that crazy.  chill the fuck out.
drake didn't steal rihanna from chris brown, he just sampled her.
rt @fate5000: saw ted last night. absolutely hilarious! gave me some unexpected feels too. top notch writing // we're all about the feels.
rt@saragrim: .@sethmacfarlane and andy samberg on @jayleno tonight? just poo'ed my pants. // samberg is one cool dude.  clean up that poo.
rt@ernestkwan: if you're into astronomy u should watch startrek:themotionpicture(1979). / unfamiliar with that title, but i'll check it out.
at this point, blockbuster employees are basically hospice workers.
every family guy episode that gets animated in korea contains some kind of hidden fuck-you to roundeye.  happy hunting!
rt @connortrinneer: yes @sethmacfarlane got hollered at on 2 #enterprise eps. // fond memories, trip!
i bet china is still secretly mad at us for letting short round happen.
ff @realjeffreyross -- the bastard just keeps getting funnier.
check out ted's blog at
rt@michaelsakoda: fuck you for making money, that movie with mark and the bear looks pretty good, asshole / a very emotionally honest tweet.
dude, did you guys watch relieve foot pain last week?  best episode of the season!
from now on, songs are no longer allowed to use the words "baby" or "yeah".
wrote a piece for @vmagazine:
rt @rachelfinemusic: just saw a screener of "ted". might be the funniest movie i've ever seen. // have you seen john carter?  it's funnier.
14% of all van passengers are there involuntarily.
rt @itsbigl: @sethmacfarlane is the thunder song on the soundtrack // yes it is
just finished walter murphy's soundtrack album for ted-- w/ his spectacular score, and norah jones' brilliant recording of the title song
mitt romneys favorite vid on youporn is of this one guy laying off a whole factory of hot chicks.
@spiketv #guyschoice
ap: greece defaults on international debt, gifts eu with giant wooden horse
the world is under siege and can only be saved by strong white americans. --kkk and/or the avengers
restaurant servers consistently oversell the hotness of the plate.
meet @mark_wahlberg at the #ted premiere.
the medical marijuana crackdown is a major hardship for my friends who have fake glaucoma.
here it is-- the emmy ad the trades refused to run
4 out of 5 burnt-out astronomers agree: jupiter is the fattest fuck in the solar system.
i wonder if she knows she's on camera.
at un cocktail parties, i bet no one wants to get stuck chatting with the haiti guy.
once upon a time there was a girl named snow white who lived in a beautiful forest, and always had a vague look of numb disinterest.
ff @damienfahey - high quality wool-knit comedy in a variety of colors.
rt @icuh8n23: guy throwing vase against wall in slow motion! movie reference? which one? please!! // generic '80s music video shit.
rt @rickcortes: family guy's emmy screener.
in some parallel universe there's an ad for a new sitcom that says "based on the stand-up comedy of ethan hawke".
rt @sarcasticaztec: "oh, you guys makin' some stairs?  yeah that's a breath of fresh air."
game of thrones episode summary in tv guide:  "stannis prepares to invade; arya calls in a favor; people hump."
dear hollywood: it's time to retire the "found footage" movie genre and start holding the camera steady again.  i'm getting queasy.
romney and obama both denounce mudslinging by joe ricketts, owner of wyoming bison herds.  so... hannibal and b.a. vs. villainous cattleman?
here's an obvious one. 
amc theaters will be showing the "ted" red band trailer with "the dictator" starting tonight. first time in years for a theatrical red band!
i wonder if that was the actual pitch for the movie.
recording @norahjones for the "ted" main title theme - vocals are way too good for a story about a shit-talking bear.
so mitt romney held a kid down and cut his hair back in high school.  big fuckin' deal, it's called the rachel.
the headache i got from dick tracy in 1990 is only now ratcheting down.
ff my pal @julianovenden and pick up his new album!
whenever i hear katy perry's "firework", i like to picture an elderly jewish man covering his ears and saying, "aaa, please don't yell!"
dont think ive ever driven my car while not texting.
rt @addisonpate: @sethmacfarlane hey seth, is the quahog airport basically burbank (bob hope) airport? just curious. // good eye-- yep.
okay hindus, trim it down to about 5 gods and i swear ill learn their names.
the avengers is basically the laff-a-lympics of the superhero genre.
might take up golf cause i want my weekends to be whiter and worse.
the nostromo crew wont kill the fetal alien until john hurt views an ultrasound and has counseling. --alien (texas edition)
the fact that dorothy had a feverish, confusing dream about her uncles is a sign that something else was going on.
kid-me wants to know why adult-me doesnt have stand-up video games.
somewhere theres a lonely old italian puppetmaker who wants only for mitt romney to return home safe.
(ap) asylum-seeking dissident chen guangcheng reveals chinese secret: still just calgon
my accountant warned me i'm not investing enough in bling.
without a few drinks in me, i just don't have the self-confidence to drive.
i bet scarborough fair has shitty rides.
that kid got help from his dad. no way he made that bible all by himself. -- mississippi science fair
rt @renlybaratheon: i shall ride boldly into battle with this giant flag bearing bullwinkle's image.  #gameofthrones
rt@chrissoldi: hello..sorry to bug ya...wondering which animation software do you think is best? // anything that works on my amiga 2000.
rt@auteurartist: is fox giving 'the flintstones' to someone else or are they waiting for u? // kirk cameron will be taking over the project.
never been to coachella, but it's basically like getting stoned and rolling around in a field of staph, right?
americas top tools: 1) drill  2) socket wrench  3) ted nugent
orchestra scoring for "ted" -- walter murphy has outdone himself 
just once i'd like to see a car full of gang members cruising through los angeles with their speakers blasting bobby goldsboro.
north korea proudly prepares its latest long-range rocket launch.
lickety-split, when you think about it, is kind of a gross expression.
wonder what useful knowledge was bumped from my brain to make space for the lyrics to mac tonight.
rt@neil_hammett: talk to me.  what's going on with american dad? // we're not sure-- a new season is uncertain, so if you're a fan, tell fox
rt@alexleethomson: what's plinko (for us english followers?) // the sound you hear when bob barker is having trouble with a bowel movement.
i'm always genuinely on the edge of my seat during plinko.
this country is so asleep its kind of a shock that the rest of the world doesnt write on us.
#ff @gingerthejester - angry funny.
""hey guys!  i just thought of a way to make putting your pants on 30% less convenient!" -- button-fly jeans
"if you strike me down, darth, i shall become... well, pretty much the same i guess... just more greenish and echo-y."
geez, the parking in this neighborhood, right other-people-in-this-meeting-im-late-to?
did i mention a big part of ted is teenagers hunting each other in the future?
pasta and antipasto need to just get a room already.
rt @tallifan: please tell me there'll be a commentary on ted dvd with you, mila & mark // your profile pic is terrifying.
mountain dew, or diet mountain dew?  hmmm what kind of headache am i in the mood for?
"ted" trailer on youtube--

all your "ted" needs: red band trailer on funnyordie--
im standing on the front of a boat! --titanic (first draft)
#ff @whattedsaid - official twitter for ted the bear
#ff @thesulk @juliussharpe - them's my homejews.
rt@taker20and0: wondering why u regularly made fun of george w, but i haven't seen one obama joke on fg? // costello is funnier than abbott.
rt @t_miller06: i'd love to meet @sethmacfarlane // you know what?  so would i.  #deepfuckinthoughts
there's nothing more grungy-looking than a redheaded person in a '70s movie.
rt @grantwgarry: @sethmacfarlane saw a screening tonight of ted........perfect! // shameless retweet but what the fuck
rt @saradevon73: do you like new adventures of old christine? // boy, you really do not know how to begin a conversation.
eddie murphy movie or giant box of girl scout cookies?
there's almost no way to photograph your cat without this mechagodzilla shit happening.
family guy lost one of the greatest trumpet players of all time today.  our orchestra will miss warren luening.
rt @mollymcnearney: i'm not buying the new ipad until apple figures this out: 
didn't much enjoy that weekend trip to kony island.
rt @abudrow_holler: everytime i watch family guy andamp; i hear stewie, i picture you in a recording studio // what an outrageous imagination.
if you honk "shave and a haircut" at me from your car, we're no longer friends.
rt @cozbaldwin: @sethmacfarlane ok, i gotta ask, did you have a weird fear of the news of the world album cover as a child? // ohhh yes.
rt @matt_j_peterson: i always wondered why have you never aged stewie in family guy? // because then you'd just be watching hugh jackman.
watching a who's the boss rerun.  it's totally inappropriate for a housekeeper to flirt with his boss like that. #stoptony
kirk cameron says he thinks homosexuality is "unnatural" and "ultimately destructive."  this from a guy whose best friend's name was boner.
birthday pinatas are ugly reminders of our nation's horrific history of lynching spidermen and spongebobs.
i think i just accidentally bought someones turd on etsy.
it doesn't matter how good a christian you are--  st. peter only lets you into heaven if you have five chicks in your group.
cheer up, late-90s jewel, things arent so bad.
i hear babies cry.  i watch them grow. theyll learn much more than ill ever know.  and i think to myself: who brought babies to this bar?
rt@jacobmarley'sghost: just got called an undigested bit of beef.  no fucking clue what that means.
your salon shouldnt advertise facials if you cant be cool with the occasional misunderstanding.
hawaii is perhaps the worlds most beautiful and idyllic place to be hated for being white.
schoolkids should learn the pledge of allegiance. the whole pledge, including the part about not paying a lot for this muffler.
no more fucking around.  release two krakens! -- wrath of the titans
mitt romney is the one non-handicapped guy competing in the special olympics, and hes just barely winning.
so basically santorum is saying "stay outta school, kids."
hey, siamese fighting fish-- chill the fuck out.
rt @argonzo: i think you have to have a word with fox licensing.  yikes.
love the hysterical, rabid histrionics that come outta people when i say i still haven't seen the artist.  "whaaaaohmygodyouhavetoohmygoddd"
#ff @porters @gingerthejester @garyjanetti                          comedy 3-pack
and while we're showcasing the family guy cast, check out patrick warburton's action hero's guide to saving lives
rt @tsunami2031: @sethmacfarlane geez, your photo is craking me up. // i know, i look like i'm on crake.
let's bring back the frontier practice of having someone over for dinner and then asking them to chop wood in return.
iphone auto-correct has finally lost it.  what whacked-out algorithm changes "coast" to "diastolic"?
no one should be allowed to wear a black turtleneck if they're not doing a one man show.
perhaps if chris christie drops the weight, he'll be able to make the hike into the 21st century.
#ff family guy writer @juliussharpe & family guy voice actor @alexandrabreck1
ihop is called that cause 40% of their customers end up losing a foot to diabetes.
rt @elcaltrider: if moonlight is just reflected sunlight wouldn't vampires die at night too? // science wins again
one of the reasons i love america is that watching vampire diaries is not yet enforced by government mandate.
the tower of babel story is basically god being a nimby.
watched a bit of real housewives of beverly hills.  don't know how science gave that many platypuses the power of speech.
my cat keeps texting me pictures of his tail.
rt @paulypeligroso: dark brown toilet paper would really level the playing field.
i bet parallel universe me looks ridiculous walking around with that beak.
dear not-white people: sorry about the last two thousand years. we were kinda out of line just then. sincerely, white people.
rt @stvnmn: @sethmacfarlane so what's your position on jesus? just curious. // there's a christian missionary joke there somewhere...
rt @zoso777: @sethmacfarlane nice profile pic max headroom. // oh shit...
camels just basically look like god spilled his coffee.
prop 8 architects:  every civil rights battle is eventually won by the oppressed party.  save your hundred mil and buy some bud platinum.
build your own seth tweet with the following ready-made ingredients: the hulk, sad, tivo, sen. mcconnell (r-ky), anus
the way they rhymed "madonna" with "you wanna" was terrific.  just tremendous.  and a bunch of times!  which was also great. music is great.
listen carefully, advertisers: non-animated talking babies are terrifying.
bill belichik's smile is positively contagious.
ooh, the cw is playing serendipity!
dear asian people with freckles: youre neat.
if you say an historic, youre probably an hasshole.
is that billboard for this means war advertising a movie or a fragrance?
coming soon: a broadway musical where everyone just sings ace of base songs! cause that counts as a broadway musical now!
what is that poster for the descendants supposed to tell me as a viewer? "here's george clooney.  he just got up."
i had johnsons no more tears shampoo in my eyes when i found out my grandma died. didnt know what the fuck to do.
rt@clarkcothern: on the latest fg, one of the cops goes from grey to blonde. on purpose? // that is what hollywood insiders call "a fuck-up"
kim jong ils son is pretty much the chaz bono of dictators.
jim morrison had the perfect "your call is important to us" voice.
i feel like newt gingrich is what justin bieber will look like old.
rt @vandiekins22:
@sethmacfarlane drew my cartoon likeness. 'the v side glare.'
bees are constantly screaming at us, but we dont notice cause were wrapped up in our own shit.
as the solar storm hits earth, let's all sing a chorus of "baby, it's geomagnetically charged outside"
i think i'm one of the few people who believes roger rabbit was guilty.
let's see this barry more often.
so is jesus voting for rick santorum or rick perry?
they're saying the ship's sinking was the result of human error.  in other words:
i'm surprised some dim bulb online media outlet hasn't written this headline: "passengers experience real-life 'titanic' off italian coast"
thanks to questionable graphic design and shitty eyesight, i thought for weeks that the movie was called "extremely loud, incredibly obese."
new texas law:  before a woman can get an abortion, she must view a sonogram, and hear an impression of the fetus by voice actor billy west.
i feel like we were promised more domed housing by now.
too bad theres not a robot bob hope to go entertain the unmanned drones at the front.
too bad theres not a robot bob hope to go entertain the unmanned drones at the front.
only now realize that in wake me up before you go-go, wake meant rimming and go-go meant additional rimming.
i really like that club dj.  he presses play on his itunes way better than that other club dj presses play on his itunes.
hey, who brought these dodgy baked goods to our workplace?  oh, no one knows?  okay, i guess ill just eat a great many of them.
your favorite team has a big game today. come watch it on a faraway tv with the sound off. -- sports bars
that horse in war horse would be an oscar shoo-in if there were a category like most forceful pissing.
now that the holidays are over, time to level with you kids about santa: he was almost certainly black.
rt@danajgould: katy and russell are divorcing, reaffirming to gays that marriage is a sacred publicity stunt reserved for a man and a woman.
ff @garyjanetti - family guy writer, and recommender of hip restaurants
bad idea #573-- schindler's list: the animated series
i mean, this description works for any and all reality shows.
rt@terry_dickinson: would it include a literary conrad twitty? // chapter 6 would inexplicably contain 34 pages of prose by louis l'amour.
rt@alphastarr: graphic novel? // no.  a novel.  like, "peter gazed intently at the smooth, reflective surface of the avian-themed record..."
i bet a family guy original novel would be just terrible.
when did superman start looking like an asshole friend of my father's?
rt @robingardner2: not a fan of your show :( // thank you for registering your dissatisfaction.  i recommend two and a half men.
rt @waiterwithtoomuchpersonality:  
okay, here comes the million dollar question of the night... did we save room for dessert?
it'd be unfortunate if fans of deputy wyatt were called earpies.
apparently lindsay lohan visited north korea.  i saw it on dmz.
this week in gay t.v. 1964: rankin/bass unveils the worlds first claymation homosexual dentist elf.
i miss the days when helicopter wasnt just a flight machine, it was an entire television genre.
i wonder what president the corporations are gonna buy us next year!
a grammy would be amazing. id put it between my surfboard-shaped award and my trophy for excellence in scrotum jokes.
i'll be doing two live big band shows in nyc this month:
highline ballroom
tix:
family guy lost a brilliantly talented storyboard artist this week.  ricky garduno will be missed.
a good way to mess with a bartender is to order a diet coke and then say in a brooding, tough voice: "leave the bottle."
sheesh, christmas really does come quicker each year, isnt that right, everyones dad?
modern day gi joe just fucks up cobras shit with a drone while muttering go joe into his diet coke.
job-hunting tip: if youre interviewing for a gang of cowboy bandits, bring your own bandana. theyll think, hey, this one gets it.
rt @eplusjo:  read on tmz your house got tp'd last night. // actually i got in a brawl with a mummy.  i won.
not sure when my hair's default position became "the paul reiser".
i think john wayne would've played a really great regarding henry.
rt @mertz118: you're a rich liberal that loves to bitch.  why don't you pay 100% tax rate. // no. i don't wanna.  somebody bring me a soda.
need more lemon pledge.
wonder if howie mandel ever just breaks down and touches everyone in sight.
made the mistake of opening a trojan condom the other night.  an army of greeks leapt out and seized my house.
rt @staticmau5_exe: holy shit seth! the colour on family guy is great! // hey ace-- how much of that brownie did you eat?
rt @davesare: you are the clint howard of comedy.  i laugh controllably at your shows. // i'm uncomfortable with praise, so i thank you.
dear arthur christmas: "all elf breaks loose" is not a pun.
just saw some dumb hippie call for stricter regulation of air pollution at the same time that he was breathing! what a liberal hypocrite!
i think if the wwii generation knew that someday we'd have "mio water enhancer", they'd have just let the germans win.
tonight on family guy, stewie and brian go back in time to the pilot episode.  this one's fun
rt @krogorz: @sethmacfarlane can i get a retweet for beating cancer? // the preceding sentence tells me times are a-changin'.
rt @johnnycole84: you have a very british sense of humour...love it // thank you-- we try to keep the shows witty and clevour
oatmeal raisin cookies are the khloe kardashian of cookies.
a train set is probably not a great hanukkah gift.
highly doubt that simon and garfunkels the boxer is ever enjoyed by any actual boxer.
rt @thatkevinlennox: have you noticed how stan smith sounds like gordon macrae or is that intentional?
i sometimes feel like rick astley did indeed give me up.
dear snl: nobody liked lothar of the hill people.
time for another republican president like this fella.
#ff @juliussharpe - comedy machine.
telling the kool-aid man that hes showing a cult-like devotion to his employer: you drank the kool-aid kool-aid, kool-aid.
theres a decent chance our next president will believe that humans once kept dinosaurs as pets.
rt @heelgordon: how come you're allowed to have the simpsons yellow then? // they're owned by fox
rt @chris_moon: @sethmacfarlane how come whenever spongebob makes an appearance on fg he's green? // so we don't get sued.
still waiting for a woody allen / laurence fishburne buddy comedy.
backgammon sucks.
i'm glad danny elfman didn't write the music for schindler's list.  all those "lalalas" would've really diminished the plight of the jews.
#ff @norahjones --  'cause she kicks ass in "ted"
looks like socrates might be stewie's ancestor.
rt @jle8811: wasted talent is the best fg. i watched it everyday for two months in a tower in iraq in 05. i might be biased. still laugh
rt @martinopener: @sethmacfarlane what do you think of my halloween costume?
rt @kaciduke: my cat loves family guy. i'm just saying.

rt @mrjohnec: you need to do a family guy feature length die hard episode, it'd be awesome // the cleveland show has a die hard ep on way
i'm lookin oklahoma!, but feelin oklahoma.
check out "ted" alum laura vandervoort in her new peta ad:
the bible confuses me sometimes, 'cause i can never figure out which members of the family can understand god.
i think the couple in the hotel room next door are humping in morse code.
hanging with some boston humanists this sat. @harvardhumanist & @goodwithoutgod 
rick warren is a probable no-show.
you don't hear as much about wheat germ these days.
rt @theonion: nation down to last hundred grown-ups
wow, china's version of occupy wall street is a lot more mime-y than ours.
one time i puked a jackson pollock.
rt @astleyivan: =o @sethmacfarlane was a writter from jhonny bravo!!! // 
there's a jhon writter joke in there somewhere.
news item:  herman cain tells ugly people they have only themselves to blame
herman cain is bizarro obama.
my therapist told me i wasn't bullied enough as a child.
think that last tweet was misinterpreted.  it's happy birthday neil degrasse tyson!
rt @neiltyson: oct 5: today's indeed my birthday. thanks for all the tweets. was born the same week as nasa. although i'm still going places
i wouldn't say the italian authorities are inept, but maybe mahoney, tackleberry, and hightower weren't the best choice to collect evidence.
dark peanuts fact: every contagion that eradicated americas native tribes can be found in linus blanket.
the amanda knox verdict is taking some time, 'cause they have to make sure it has just-a the right-a amount'a sauce-a.
rt @cincoisdoctor: did you only recently discover funny internet images? // just heard about this cartoon banana who raps about sandwiches.
this is great.
rt @lioness2525: is hans zimmer really working on the music for ted? // nope, better-- walter murphy, family guy composer.
this.  what the fuck are these things?
how come whenever i get a suit cleaned, it comes back with a klingon bat'leth stuck through the buttonhole?
@epixhd special premieres tonight, 9/30 at 8pm  epx.ms/ocucx8.  kinda like "my humps" or "poker face", but without steak-based attire.
rt@doccynzl: next project: "phantom menace" from the point of view of jawas // so-- the "rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead" of tatooine.
yep.
fall 2041:  saved by the bell: the retirement years.  don't disappoint me, nbc.
if i was from dantooine, id be majorly pissed at leia for throwing my planet under the bus like she did.
i'm a baaaaad boy
taping leno today-- signing the guestbook and i notice michelle bachmann has signed a few pages earlier.  kinda wanna draw a stewie on it.
my album, music is better than words, is now available on itunes.  listen to it with someone you love, or at least with someone you hump.
i feel like nbc nightly news was way better in the early seasons.
if those supposedly faster-than-light neutrinos really are moving backward  in time, i bet they're really digging rita coolidge.
i know "religiosity" is a real word, but every time i use it i feel like i sound like don king.
rt @eradecator: @sethmacfarlane is "music is better then words" out tuesday? // this tuesday the 27th, yes.
solyndra sounds less like a solar company and more like a he-man villain.
if barry manilow is gay, does that mean mandy is short for armando?
fox told me if i tweet about the x factor, they'll bring back party of five.

rt @levarburton: this #troydavis execution is very disturbing! #toomuchdoubt #bydhttmwfi // i agree with lt. laforge.
wonder how often lady bird johnson gave her husband an lbj.
btw, that @epixhd special premieres fri, 9/30 at 8pm  epx.ms/ocucx8 if you cant watch it, at least turn it on while you go do other stuff.
bonus @charliesheen gag on my @epixhd special.
be sure to watch the #sheenroast on @comedycentral tonight. it's like the previous roasts, but with two black guys!
mayweather just gave ortiz a "whoa, biff, what's that?"
mayweather just gave ortiz a "whoa, biff, what's that?"
rt @sheriffbullock: who would win in a fight: aaron eckhart's chin or mark valley's chin? // eckhart's.  it's a quantum singularity.
having a hitler hair day.
hm... i've never seen lady gaga and kaiser wilhelm together at the same time.
wow- i hit a million followers and twitter sent me a pink cadillac.
heard the star wars blu-rays have been edited so that when darth throws the emperor over the ledge, he says, "time to take out the trash"
my brother died. plus, dinosaurs.    -- the tree of life in tweet form
i imagine a muppet news flash on 9/11 would've been in poor taste.
first track from the album -- the night they invented champagne -- is now available on itunes.  album release is sept 27th.
i adore my dear pals at fox, but the award for the most god-awful, cringe-inducing promo line ever goes to "simply adorkable."  #thenewgirl
i think a great kevin james movie would be about an antebellum-era crook who hides out by disguising himself as a woman: "bill of the ball".
rt @eltonjohn: you can tell everybody this is your tweet.
america should have the president it really wants... the problem is, in our heart of hearts, that's snooki.
overused movie line #825: "how can you think about food at a time like this?!"
summer, 2013: hungry hungry hippos: the movie
ff @paul_krugman - 
rt @paul_krugman: republicans against science
rt @alexshowfield: most said line in family guy "oh my god, your right!" @sethmacfarlane / this may be accurate. (without the misspelling)
you could get me to watch twilight if this guy was in it.
why does astro have an asian dialect?
rt @greatalexcat: the same sex peoples breeding not even twins are equal i loose but im correct // howard johnson is right!
rt @cdoddsgo: hes against gay marriage thats not the same // you bet your lawn jockey it's the same.
rick perry has taken a hard-line stance against gay people. to quote hamlet act iii, sc. ii:  methinks thou dost secretly buttfuck too much.
i'm fine with family guy getting old, i just wish it would stop shitting everywhere.
rt@lsteinbergjr: "twinkle, twinkle, little star, how stupid elitist people in hollywood really are." / lotta syllables there, cole porter.
disneyland may be the happiest place on earth, but its also the most motorized wheelchairiest place on earth.
rt @ginja_scooter:  guess which part is the wormhole. // wow.  this worked out great.
yes, captain sisko commanded the abandoned kardashian space station deep space nine. or as it was originally called, terok whore. #nerdhumor
rt @foxh2181: i thought a  kardashian was an alien from star trek
the booming voice of james earl jones announcing "this is cnn" followed by coverage of kim kardashian's wedding is america in decline.
i bet a guy using a pool skimmer would be a profound thing to watch if you were stoned.
ms. bachmann, i share your concern over the rise of the soviet union. i'm also concerned about the rise of pop-top soda cans and the slinky.
wonder if there'll ever be a lord gaga.
getting ready to celebrate 10 years of never seeing death to smoochy.
this tweet was written in a facility that also processes wheat and soy.
are people still shaking babies, or was that a 90s fad?
#letsmakeanewrulethatwecanusetraditionalspacingwhenwritingcommentswithhashmarksbecausemyeyesarefuckinghurting
dont understand those riots in britain. what team there just won a super bowl?
hmm, a cocky asshole governor from texas. that might be worth trying.
i can only assume this is a photo of michele bachmann blowing george hamilton. 
jazz sitar.  you're welcome, music industry.
standard & poor doesn't sound like a creditor.  it sounds like a vaudeville act consisting of a society gent and a hobo.
early 20th century cubism: the paintings of picasso.
late 20th century cubism: the autobot symbol.
"while the goal of promoting more fuel-efficient vehicles is laudable, such costly new regulations will only--" stop at "laudable," cantor.
#ff @marmel - because everything's coming up steve.
performing at vibrato w/ joel mcneely & big band mon aug. 15.
a porkpie hat and a g.i. joe t-shirt? pace yourself, hipster. youre gonna irony yourself out too fast.
climate change solution: convince the gop that fossil fuel comes from fetuses.
somehow a double-a credit rating seems more american anyway.
with the way mr. smee doted on captain hook, its unlikely there was a mrs. smee.
as an epithet, buster was the c-word of the 1890s.
given obesity's impact on mortality rates, most karaoke chicks who sing "i will survive", won't.
when the tea party said they wanted to govern like our ancestors, they meant monkeys and chimps.
im glad center-right republicans and right-wing republicans could work out a compromise.
this kinda sums it up i suppose 
4 words to ruin any meal: fred and ethel porn.
ff @chelseavperetti - funny broad.  could be jewish.  peretti.  no, probably not.  wait, maybe half.
when the beatles said they were bigger than jesus, that was true, cause people were way shorter back in jesus-times.
the refusal to vaccinate ones own kids is a trait that unites both conservative assholes and liberal assholes.
rt@@@: saw a lot of my buddies die on hoth.
hey, whats austin, tx like?  nobody ever tells me whether its a great town or not.
why is it so hard for obama and boehner to find common ground? just start with its hot when chicks make out and go from there.
just muttered "what a jackass" at a skateboarder who cut me off at an intersection.  i might be getting old.
rt @charnutss: @sethmacfarlane what ever happened to your big band album, i really wanted to buy it / release date is september 27th
if i ever had plastic surgery, i'd probably get a bad-ass fucking pair of antlers.
hey movies-- the "guy splashes water on face then looks up into mirror as if seeing own face for the first time" thing is getting hacky.
by now that computer that won at jeopardy has torn through all its money, blown off its computer pals and forgotten its computer roots.
spending sunday relaxing in my easy chair, smoking my pipe, and trying to invent a new dance craze.
shit, i wonder if its too late in teds production process to put a wizard in it.
so, our country is done with that space shuttle business. your turn, mexico.
new no-kill pet shelter in my moms name-- 'cause animals are better than people.

that mime is hilarious, but it's just 'cause he has like a dozen writers.
87 years ago, some shit went down. -- gettysburg address (first draft)
disappointing employment figures this week, including a big drop in blowjobs. this has been todays comedy. be well.
i like to do my atm transactions in spanish, cause then it feels like a bigger deal when the money comes out.
rt@berniesancho: what's your favourite music to listen to when you're feeling down? // a real gritty, dark jennifer love hewitt song.
rt @shenanaguns: @sethmacfarlane do you have a fav sitcom? // all in the family, the honeymooners, the dick van dyke show, & seinfeld
right now texas is #1 in job creation, though i understand thats largely limited to the steer and queer industries.
rt@lookitsmp: a panda spraying a mixture of blood and diarrhea out of it's dick? // there shouldn't be an apostrophe in "its".
when you kids today hear that needle-scratch sound in a movie trailer, do you have the faintest fucking clue what that is?
i fear that someone on this film crew may secretly tape one of my on-set, obscenity-laden tirades against myself.
airplanes should have separate seating sections just based on whether or not youll be eating corn nuts.
wonder if blockbuster and radio shack ever get together, pig out on ice cream and bitch about the rest of us.
alright, when do we get to see some more congressdick?
you know whats really awesome? hiking! #oppositetweet
rt @hcastano: what don't you like about bachmann? // her desire to set science education back 500 years is a danger to our brains.
fireworks shows are a fun peek at what life is like in afghanistan, and iraq, and pakistan, and libya, and yemen, and iran pretty soon.
we americans are proud and will not debase ourselves for anything, except to get on tv, or for a free t-shirt, or for anything.
if kesha had any balls, she'd record a really heartfelt cover of anne murray's "you needed me".
i think little kids cry a lot because they cant have margaritas yet.
qaddafi, gadhafi, khadafi lets just call him the dude with the sick shades.
now that same-sex marriage is legal there, i bet nyc will start to have some gay people in it.
eric cantor seems like the smartest republican the same way velma seemed like scoobys smartest pal. #glasses #judaism
rt @miashi3: @sethmacfarlane john 3:16 know the word before its to late.jesus loves you! // and now new york has made that okay!
vader planned a slow drawdown of 10,000 stormtroopers from endor by a long, long time ago, and another 20,000 by a long time ago.
im thinking about switching to generic pot. why pay for the fancy name brands?
we're running out of donalds.
rt @debnicktom: ff:  @repealthelsea  zack kopplin's twitter feed. brave kid!
confess to your apostasy or face free education and safe, boxy automobiles. --the swedish inquisition
office fire drills are a great opportunity to see the places that your smoking coworkers go.
if i ever got in a fistfight and john williams was there to score it, i would win.
1825: rep. daniel webster sketches own penis with quill pen and distributes via courier.
think i'll take up toothpick-chewing.
rt@robpetrie: goddamn fucking ottoman.
generally-speaking, one should keep oneself out of any news story that
includes the word wharf.
rt @marriamakay: love your shows. watching american dad right now. how do you feal about all your success? // terreafic.
rt@missdjcandy: family guy should make an album of all the songs from the show lol // you're right, that is a "laugh out loud" comment.
ive got this really profound thing to say, but itd take 141
characters, so fuck it.
tapping for fresh maple syrup? enjoy your tree cum.
scooby-doo network standards notes: the use of jinkies and zoinks is problematic. please replace.
rt@nintendofanatic: do you like lady gaga? // for years i've longed for an artist who can blend the disciplines of music and papier mch.
rt@unnamedbear: on american dad, who plays the bass in the theme? // chuck berghofer, who played bass on "these boots are made for walkin' "
rt @spooner516: i will hate the die when there is no new family guy shows. // i see why your profile pic is a bottle of jack daniels.
rt@tinkipii: who did the aids joke first, family guy or south park? // i'd guess that approx. 900 stand-up comics did it before both of us.
if things ever get bad in the hundred acre wood, pooh may have to whore himself for munny.
that crazy dude who seems like hell get everybody killed will get everybody killed. -- moby dick in tweet form
if you stop being an asshole to your kids theyll do a puppet show for you.  --the sound of music in tweet form
ff @gingerthejester.  because people of indeterminate ethnicity are fascinating.
way to go, zack kopplin!  brian griffin would approve.
rt @mrsmith125: is that *really* your dad in "road to the north pole"? if so, your dad is awesome! // that is my dad.
if a macaque gets dismembered, i guess you'd call it rhesus pieces.
boston is an outdoor discotheque right now.
rt @laurajfuller: @sethmacfarlane you're hot. // i'm uncomfortable with praise.
rt @laurajfuller: @sethmacfarlane you're hot. // i'm uncomfortable with praise.
turned out, the solution to a problem like maria was christopher plummers penis.
twilight zone 2011: spaceships full of helpful paul ryans appear with mysterious book (to serve the elderly)
when are we gonna get going on another war?  its been 3 months since we got in the last one and im bored already.
my suggested plan to revive detroit: convince both israel and palestine that the other one wants it.
i like to think of redheads as sexy mutants.
rt @barackobama: back from my europe trip.  the hostel in warsaw is crazy!  you can smoke pot in the tv room and theyre cool with it!
it's a sad comment on the sluggish pace of american technology that in 2011 we're keeping our convicts behind bars instead of forcefields.
always do thorough travel research before a vacation.  had to cancel my weekend trip to pangaea.
i am unsurprised to find gambling at this establishment, as i, myself, frequently gamble here. (casablanca - first draft)
wonder if, when nobodys looking, the dalai lama ever just puts his fist through a wall.
rest this big wireless transmitter on your balls for several hours a day. im sure its fine. -- laptop computers
just saw an ad for a local realtor, but his photo wasnt on it, so i cant tell if hes any good at real estate.
rt @modernwood: try pronouncing it with a dick in your mouth. // cue sound of victorian gentlemen chortling at frightfully witty remark.
honestly, i was sort of hoping the world would end on saturday, cause then i wouldnt have to tweet anymore.
rt @barajas_1987:  i still kind of don't understand how a universe can create itself out of nothing. // look at justin bieber.
rt@tltankersley: what books would @sethmacfarlane recommend? // the demon-haunted world by carl sagan, & the grand design by stephen hawking
hey, pixar.  amoebas.  you're welcome.
so... jesus has to work just one day in 2,000 years and he doesn't show up.  this is why the chinese are beating us.
dont go breakin my heart, sang elton john. i couldnt if i tried, replied kiki dee, accurately.
rt @thebigboymarky: is there a movie you've seen more than ten times? if so which one? / defending your life.  bout 30 times.
rt @jasonlewis76: where  did the title "shi-poopy" come from? // it's a song from "the music man".  has nothing to do with poop.
someone should tell palin that using the term "lamestream media" makes her sound like an '80's movie bully.  but maybe i'm just a spazwad.
ironically, al qaeda was about to ask ashton kutcher to step in as their replacement, too.
i have a sinking fear that sunny side of the street is about white supremacy.
linguists say were at risk of losing hundreds of indigenous languages and also the word dang.
yon lasse did slobbere on my nobbe. -- dirty chaucer
i like to walk around the fair with a giant stuffed animal i brought from home, cause i need people to think im a winner.
'nuff bullshitting: guys who know every piece of sports trivia and guys who know every piece of star wars trivia are the same guy.
followsaturday: @cherrycheva.  yes, that's cherry chevapravatdumrong.
i feel like 19th century victorian society was mostly about coughing into frilly handkerchiefs and then gasping with horror at the blood.
hollywood movies currently suffer from a dearth of spinning newspapers.
rt @lordxaiver1: i think @sethmacfarlane hires people biased on how funny their names are. / nonsense. alvin googlesex is a good writer.
rt@vilmapellot: your pot smoking hobbie is one of the reasons, in which the shows are the indicator of your lack of brain cells. / wh--what?
i like to patronize small businessmen, by which i mean, my pot dealer is a midget.
just spilled coffee, got a parking ticket and misplaced my cell phone. thought osamas death would put an end to all that shit.
dear public restrooms: a toilet paper dispenser should turn loosely.  nobody wants to wipe their ass with a handful of confetti.
i wish that, every now and then, someone would say that being a parent is both joyful and challenging.
at least bin laden lived to see the royal wedding. im sure that was a big thing for him.
rt @_norrinradd_: @sethmacfarlane church is so boring! // hey!  you be quiet and eat your jesus.
i wonder if people with foot fetishes get off on watching the flintstones.
gotta elect a billionaire president in 2012, cause rich white guys just arent getting their voices heard in dc.
rt @doug252520: is it true, you had singing lessons from the same coaches who tought sinatra?? / yes. both in their 90's at the time.
rt @arielstanfield: what about the wedding music in "road to germany"...its such a great piece! / "winds of war" soundtrack- avail on itunes
rt @bobafett2469: hey @sethmacfarlane who plays the voice of consuela the maid? / mike henry, who also voices cleveland.
rt @robertj235: what song plays when quagmire has a woman over?  what's on the turntable?? / original piece written by our own walter murphy
the times were fair-to-middlin. --a tale of two cities (first draft)
i predict that osamas picture will get little more than a smattering of tepid applause on the next emmy in memoriam reel.
didnt see the film, but did stellas groove refer to her vagina? cause there are surgeries to get that back.
ap: rep. ryan takes knife to medicare; shamed by australian with larger knife
not feeling in touch with my emoticons.
if the goonies were just good enough for cyndi lauper, there was definitely room for improvement.
ff@juliussharpe @thesulk @jesscallmejaydi @thebiggidea @trisha_cummings @dearanyone @kristygee @studiocitycat  comedy tweeters' club.
never thought anything could make me miss george w. bush.  was right.
are you ready, boots?  okay, well, let me know when youre ready.
now that we've seen his birth certificate, i want to see proof that president obama is black.
this painting is terrible, but at least theres a lot of it. -- murals
if, at any point, you stopped for hammer time, i think it is now safe to restart.
rt@packbrewbuck: please tweet it's autism awareness month! ur a funny mother fucker by the way, n my wife wants to bang u! / lot to process.
rt @rayparkerjr.: christ has risen and walks among us. who you gonna call?
eddie rabbit loves a rainy night because hes never seen how l.a. people drive on a rainy night.
if the rabbit was named "rabbit", the piglet was named "piglet", and the owl was named "owl", why wasn't christopher robin named "dude"?
ladies and gentlemen, mr. conway twitter.
sanitation workers on sesame street have to deal with startling amounts of snuffleupagus feces.
1) get drunk.  2) hide easter eggs. 3) black out.  4) wake up and try to find eggs.
contra judy garland, midwestern tornadoes involve more destruction, fewer tin men, and the same amount of teen alcoholism.
it's a crime that no one ever cast robert mitchum as a turtle.
how is ireland in fiscal crisis?  their countryside is littered with pots o gold!
rt @mercedesslr: thanks seth cause my friend is obsessed with 2012. / he can relax.  the science is bogus.  we'll be here in 2013.
rt @chrisman2557: what is your thought about the world ending in 2012? / we humans love our end-of-the-world scenarios, but 2012 ain't it.
ff@neiltyson - if we were all as smart as him, we'd each be driving a flying delorean.
first-year gynecologists have to take a special med school class about not high-fiving other first-year gynecologists.
rt @seanguidera: in ''play it again brian'' what's the song during the lois/brian montage? / a little-known tune called "as time goes by".
gop governors are slashing firefighters pensions, but to be fair, they are also rolling back the mustache tax.
never celebrate after destroying a small enemy spaceship, cause someones about to point off-screen and say oh. my. god.
wouldnt it suck to be homeless? come try it. -- campgrounds
rt @baduizm1974: didn't jillian get married? how could she be quagmire's girlfriend? / watch "and then there were fewer."
i would not have wanted to use a bathroom after john wayne.
thor is like every other superhero, only beardier.
rt @reppaulryan: in my plan, the elderly wont just die alone on sidewalks. people will probably stop and watch.
unfortunately at no point during my workday does anyone ever have cause to shout my name and then toss me a sword.
china is allowing the sale of small, airtight keychains that contain live animals-- an atrocity on par with cat juggling. #navinjohnson
i bet there's one guy in every airport ground crew who can't turn his orange stick on without making a lightsaber sound.
it seems the older charlie sheen gets, then more he looks like the decepticon logo.
rt@redstatepolitics:rich people are assholes for being rich, but they deserve tax cuts so they can stay rich and be continue to be assholes.
#ff @thebiggidea. he's the one guy who works for me who's never tweeted a joke about japan.
to every future co-workers daughter til the end of time: no thanks, i would not like to buy some girl scout cookies.
30 years later, and i still cannot ride in an elevator without humming the girl from ipanema.  #bluesbrothers
fuck all yall. -- martin luthers 95 theses, in tweet form
eat this suspicious-looking muffin that was cooked by a stranger in her home. -- bake sales
im mad as heck and ill take only a limited additional amount! --network (first draft)
rt @kirstiealley: @sethmacfarlane i have a huge crush on u...// well then... take 'er out, mr. saavik.
rt @ninadobrev: u hav a near death revolving door incident? / yes.  any closer and my biopic would be called "regarding seth."
rt@thekatzmiaow: damn near did myself a mischief watching the 'red bull' episode. // sounds like like mark twain describing masturbation.
whatevs is trying too hard to not try hard.
rt@rosquilliam: hey...do you know any dyslexic blind people? does that shit happen? do they fuck up braille? / you just blew my fuckin mind.
glad theres no govt shutdown and the jellystone park ranger can keep working, cause yogi bear was set to make that place his bitch.
it's amazing that people aren't killed daily by revolving doors.
rt @ordymae: its not legislating morality. it's forcing taxpayers to pay for something they believe is wrong. / then i want my iraq $$ back.
hey boehner-- if a politician can legislate morality, then a cartoonist should be able to make policy.  deal?
totally gonna win this words with friends game, 'cause with my current tiles i can spell any hawaiian word i want.
some people cut themselves just to feel something, anything.  thats why i watch bill o'reilly.
i hate stars who whore out their tweets, and so does the van de kamps family of fine consumer products.
its a wonderful day for poi. #hawaiianfamilyguy
go see "your highness" today!
i lied. i didnt have a good time at your party. --tears of a clown in tweet form
if the republicans cause a government shutdown, we're really gonna wish we had leslie nielsen to give harry reid the george zip speech.
asked a network exec what cw stands for.  turns out it stands for cool whip.
jazz was never that big into johnny either.
"it's always best to discard expired pastries." -- great expectations in tweet form
tv guide description of schindlers list: schindler (liam neeson) and stern (ben kingsley) save the jews (jews).
the "experts" at the gop climate hearing: an economist, a lawyer, and a marketing man.
suggested alternates: a baker, a fireman, and a cat.
hey, supermodels-- stop saying, "i'm actually really a big nerd."   trust me. you're not.
wish that ivory coast guy who lost that election had just gracefully stepped aside, like bush did in 2000.
rt @dexter49: @sethmacfarlane is seth short for another name? // sethcastershirewiltonpoolingsonford.
rt @b_r_double: wow, how good is the disney scene in family guy's 'road to the multiverse'! // i know!!  so cockin' good, right??!?
it'd blow everyone's mind if one day charlie sheen just pulled off a mask & it was andy kaufman.
cool made-up fact:  alfalfa's cowlick had a poison tip.
a southwest 737 was forced to land friday after a hole tore open in the roof.  turned out it was dino thinking he was at the drive-in.
i think it's possible that hitler and lewis black had the same acting coach.
wait a minute... bear necessities.  now i get it.
if you pop into a drugstore at 2am, it could be cause of one really good thing or many, many bad things.
only in boston: road directions, or the artist formerly known as prince?
foreign minister moussa koussa has defected from qaddafi's regime.  possible replacements are squiddly diddly, augie doggie, and jabberjaw.
rt@loucostello: having communication issues with a close friend of mine on a regular basis.  hope to resolve soon.
i miss the old this is your brain on drugs ad cause i now do, in fact, have some questions.
the older i get, the more i think that the no dancing grownups in footloose had some legitimate points.
someday afghanistan will have a sitcom called gitmos heroes.
everybody go see "your highness" on april 8th.  trust me.
republican mitch mcconnell complained that obama went into libya w/out sufficient explanation to the public. wow, that joke writes itself.
think i might run a marathon just to prove to myself that i can do something pointless and awful.
rt@vinayk1991: given the humorous quality of ur tweets i'm amazed you created a brilliant show like fg! / hey, thank--waaaaaait a minute!!!!
maybe that thick glass at the bank is to protect us from the tellers.  some of them look mean.
when sinatra sang why not take all of me?, he really just meant the penis and fist parts of him.
dear angry birds: i want my goddamn life back.
before our extinction, we oughtta destroy all traces of maxim magazine, so alien archeologists dont think we were fuckwads.
i've passed 500,000 twitter followers, which means im now almost 1/6th as popular as some guy named @kaka.
reminder: in back to the future, biff is a rapist.  and not even a well-he-was-getting-mixed-signals rapist.  just a plain ol rapist.
chris brown smash!!!  rarrrrrr!!!
mayor mccheese has yet to show us his birth certificate.
rt@mkburke: my racism & politics professor says "white" like stewie / wow- what's a quiz like in racism class? "name the 5 craftiest jews."
on computer keyboards in dc, bomb middle eastern nation is f7.
hey, could some chick out there please tell me how your day went? as an unmarried guy, thats something im missing out on.
rt @chrisbawesome: laughed hard at your hosting duties for the trump roast. thank you for that. / no need to thank a man for doing his duty.
i hope we get all of libyas unobtanium.
it'll be interesting to see if 2009 is anything like "freejack" predicted.
rt @yobradybrady: i saw you crack up when jeff ross said larry king will spend his retirement opening a jar. // that's because it was on tv.
rt @ok2la: rainy day with 2 kids? this mom would like to be on mars...alone. // wow, that's almost the beginning of an excedrin commercial.
rt @larryblindson: you always said no to make a the quagmire show but and joe show? // if we solve this anagram, the secret door will open!
according to box office returns, mars does not in fact need moms.
rt @sktagg23: i'd like to find a new interesting novel to begin // "under the dome" is pretty goddamn great.  king is back.
#ff @marleematlin @655jack @realjeffreyross @danajgould 
@neiltyson @richarddawkins 
...and ann b. davis as alice
i prefer jewish delis, cause i like the servers to talk shit about me behind and in front of my back.
rt @hardinthick: @sethmacfarlane lisa lampanelli said you were gay at the trump roast.  are you? // shit man, i wish.
you can hear the first album clips at:


the japan earthquake has caused earth to slightly accelerate its axial spin.  oh, see, it's not the eight bourbons that are making me puke.
rt @robertmanukyan: why does the cleveland show logo look like a penis? am i the only one that sees this? // holy shit.  whoops.
if youre in a meeting right now, call a point of order.  i dont know  
what that is, but it feels like a good time for one.
rt @jfrizzby: @sethmacfarlane nice hosting...i especially like the tintin look you were sporting. // i had help from professor calculus.
rt @whitenitro24: @sethmacfarlane seth can we get #roastinpeace trending for greg. thank you // good call.
rt @drockstl: hey, at least the situation didn't use any shitty conway twitty cut scenes // good point.
what a swell bunch you folks are.  thank you for all the kind words, tweeters.  i'm blushing out my asshole.
if the breakfast club were to meet today, itd be at dennys and theyd get the senior discount.
the roast of donald trump airs tonight on comedy central.  it's not just good television... it's the law.
i wasnt responsible for that terrible war i was responsible for. -- don rumsfelds known and unknown in tweet form.
rt @adambeier: come on macfarlane. i said brolin. check your metions. @sethmacfarlane // so you did. tix for you too.
see my @clubnokia show on 3/26
we'll try again. last 2 tix to the first tweeter to finish these dean martin lyrics: "she's tellin' me we'll be wed, she's picked out a____"
okay nobody said james brolin, so let's move on.  lotta votes for mcconaughey, though.  you're an opinionated bunch.
and the last two free tickets to the first tweeter to tell me who the worst actor of all time is.
2 free tix to the club nokia show to the first tweeter who tell me what hope-crosby film featured the song "it's anybody's spring"
rt @paulcansee: @sethmacfarlane johnny mercer // yep.  only 'cause the first guy called him "juhnny".  you'll be direct-messaged w/ details
2 free tix to the club nokia show to the first tweeter to tell me who wrote the lyrics to "moon river"

2 free tix to the club nokia show to the first tweeter to tell me who co-starred with gene kelly in "brigadoon"

rt @bphillippe: @sethmacfarlane seth green. // two free tix to this guy!  you'll be direct messaged w/ info.
2 free tix to my club nokia show on 3/26 to the first tweeter to tell me who voices family guy's neil goldman.
just for old times sake, i think i might wang chung tonight.
good thing scott walker's not governor of oz, 'cause the lollipop guild would be fucked.
ancient egyptian gods and william wegman photos are kinda the same thing.
in an alternate bizarro universe, i bet they're still talking about all the shit that evil jesus did.
in 1992, the catholic church acknowledged that the earth revolves around the sun.  in 2278, they will tell us how the crying game ends.
tweets are the usa today of blogposts.
cranberry juice: when no other type of juice exists!
about to tape the comedy central roast of donald trump.  my athletic cup matches my tie.
was there ever an actual movie called krippendorfs tribe?  cause 
im 40% sure i just made that up.
madison, wi: workers continue struggle into 2nd month. 
boston, ma: i consider making myself eggs, but dont cause it sounds hard.
had my blood genetically analyzed.  im only 1/64th tiger.  :(
rt @nazircentral: @sethmacfarlane you never reply my tweet!!!! // you stay out my store!!!!
the way the mousketeers said see you real soon always came off  
vaguely threatening.
red riding hood (2011) wolf: what big eyes you have.  riding  
hood: thats because im amanda seyfried.
space has 10 different dimensions, but we can only see 3.  so the other 7 are a great place to hide your porn.
i totally miss jesus jones, how bout you?  you do?!  ha, you failed the test!  i dont miss jesus jones!
it kills me to see kids try drugs, cause they always do it wrong and ask so many stupid questions.
abortion is okay.  --the cider house rules in tweet form
always thought id be up for a good cult. anyone got any cults to recommend?
whatever happened to bjork?  did she return to ork?
glad doc brown no longer needs plutonium for his flux capacitor, cause the libyans are busy right now.
rt @bronob: @sethmacfarlane so "epic fail" is now an epic fail?? // precisely.
hey people-- it's time to fucking retire the phrase "epic fail" or anything else that sounds like it was coined by dan cortese in 1994.
a blue tarp on a roof says things arent going as planned.
if we havent communicated in 14 years and youre about to change email addresses, be sure to inform me!
i suffer from chronic, debilitating quark pain.
bet the concept of focus groups would test very poorly in focus groups.
actually, i kinda know how charlie sheen feels. i personally hate the fucking asshole who created family guy.
as it turns out, casting a huge coke addict in your network sitcom can sometimes backfire.
gonna be sad watching next years in memoriam reel, when charlie sheen is on it.
cmon, you guys.  i thought squinty mctiredhost did a real good job last night.
barney frank kickin' ass on that piano.
rt @otherwomenandgaymen: "cate blanchett is hot!"
i don't care how their mothers carried them-- if you pick up a cat by the scruff of the neck, you're just goin' outta your way to be a dick.
rt @mitchalbom: its kind of good that morrie died, cause tuesdays no longer work for me.
shouldn't stephen hawking's voice synthesizer have an english accent?
coming soon, probably: liam neeson wants harrison fords family back
rt@thugfromdazedandconfused: "what are you, isaac fuckin' newton?  huh? you fuckin' hear me, johannes kepler? huh, rene fuckin' descartes?"
the abbreviation for science fiction doesnt have a "y" in it, and it definitely doesnt have two.
the existence of miracles is implausible.  the existence of miracle whip depends on the prerequisite of an objective reality.  #i'mstoned
rt@simon24net:mr. macfarlane, hello from scotland. do you have scottish relations? // yes, every time i have sex, i try to work in a haggis.
popeye sought out male medical attention when he could no longer finitch.
underrated tom hanks movie about a momentary absence: the brbs.
computers may beat us at jeopardy, but us humans are still better at racism and smoking.
just saw two people together at a restaurant and neither of them were texting anyone.  weird.
wisconsin is the only state that can have massive labor unrest and still be fucking adorable.
hey cbs news-- if the top story is gonna be "this snow could have been a lot worse", maybe just throw on an i love lucy instead.
where does justin bieber get off stating his political opinions? thats only for every person on the internet.
misleading titles: always thought the hogan family was about navajo indians.
i guess this is really all the information we need.
rt @mooseandgoose: i've spent my entire weekend watching your terrible show on netflix. // you... you should probably stop watching.
rt @theb0: even here in germany, the bird is the word! // well yes, except there it's a rigid-looking eagle gazing to the left.
rt @smallshopblogr: do you think you could give bieber & swift some lyric-writing lessons? // injured on the job?  bieber & swift can help.
rt @juiceeeejo: when my cat brings me the gift of a mauled dead creature, how should i respond? // "you have no idea what i like."
rt@jenniecarroll96:i want to keep u in my pocket so u can make witty remarks about my life. // there's a white supremacist pamphlet in here.
italy was the "yay, we're helping" of the axis powers.
maritime historians confirm: every sea shanty ever was about sodomizing stuff.
hey, guy on treadmill at the hotel gym: way to go!  that 55-minute sprint should have you cured of that loud hacking chest cough in no time.
you know how realtors have to disclose if a house had a murder in it?  they should also have to tell you if it had a gross home birth.
would be interested to know if there are any movies made in the past 10 years that feature the credit "gowns by".
rt@mikehustla:@sethmacfarlane what was your inspiration for family guy? // your brooding "i don't allow nobody in my head" profile pic.
rt @ambertubbs: a family guy re-run on adult swim just spoofed jeopardy! so awesome! // we don't care who we offend!  yeaahhh!!!
rt@jacobmross: hotel designer's guide step 2: hide all of the electrical outlets behind heavy furniture. // now i'm pissed all over again.
hotel interior designer's guide to bathrooms: 99% sink, 1% counter space.
rt@sethmacfarlane, circa 1985: teachers of america, we could do without that big wet thumbprint when you're passing out those tests.
whatever happened to elevator music?
rt @chlohawkesx: family guy // um... yes.  that's... that's correct.
what the fuck kind of toxic nuclear compound is in ketchup that you can wash your hands a billion times, and the smell never goes away?
was jk rowling just messing with us this whole time? cause its right there in her name.
any society that produces three big mommas house movies deserves every bad thing that happens to it.
did geoffrey rush ever try to cure porky pig? cause thats a movie.
rt @wildeyedpinoy: @sethmacfarlane  when your doing interviews what question do you find most annoying? // "is water okay?"
rt@arthurbach: dxzx.($;zzcgxgkxhgf.?..4:((h:!)/)!;6) cvgdjfd
stop saying "i'm gonna bounce."  you sound like a douche and it doesn't even make any sense.
rt@peterpaulandmary'sneighbor: christ, all day with the hammering.
verizon iphone, i love you.  i want to have your child.
doing conan o'brien tonight.  @teamcoco
rt@rss995: fg used to be funny b4 it was cancelled but now the episodes feel like therapy sessions :( // and how does that make you feel?
it's not surprising that a u.s. congressman would deny evolution, but a comedian should have more sense. #jackkingston/d.l.hughley
funny shit from alex borstein:

if a cop has to admit hes a cop when you ask, then here's the departed... nicholson: are you a cop? dicaprio: yes. the end.
my gps keeps sending me through sketchy neighborhoods, but i go along, cause i dont want my gps to think im racist.
quantum physics tells us the multiverse contains every possible history. so somewhere in space-time, i wrote "crocodile rock." really sorry.
unless youre positive your son wont live past age 8, dont name him cody.
i bet kim kardashian has never, ever  greeted anyone with the phrase "workin' hard or hardly workin'."
garfunkel takes a lot of shit, but if you need someone to sing ooooo in falsetto, hes pretty much your guy.
the super bowl postgame show is the damp washcloth wipe-off after americas orgasm.
i wonder how many shitty action movies have contained the line, "it's a nice place to visit, but i wouldn't wanna die here."
and suddenly it's the carousel from logan's run.
this super bowl halftime event looks like the talent show from revenge of the nerds.
parents, dont hit your terrible children.
hey, room service guy: i'll double your tip if you just drop off the food without turning it into a baz luhrmann production.
looking for someone to clean my moat.  anyone got a good moat guy?
you kids dont remember the pre-nuprin era, when the pills were big, not-yellow, same.
hey professional recording artists: if you say your own name (or any permutation thereof) anywhere in the lyrics of a song, you suck ass.
the kings speech was okay, but it needed way more facebook in it.
10 best picture nominees and not one of them about a police dog?
so is the way this works that we all now have to tweet for the rest of our lives?
with all these arab governments  falling, i think jafar is in real trouble.
a spoonful of bourbon makes the additional bourbon go down.
that rhythmic sound a cat makes when it's about to throw up sounds a lot like the distant techno thump of a gay rave up the street.
me: "i'm trying to type the word 'fucking.'"
my iphone: "huh? surely you mean 'ducking.'"
me: "no, i mean 'fucking'."
my iphone: "bullshot."
ill-advised church fundraiser: heavy petting zoo
wonder what paparazzi guys are like at their kids' birthday parties.  do they snap a few photos of the cake, then sprint out of the house?
its a shame that weird al already blew his beat it wad in the '80s, cause the advent of twitter has opened up a new angle on that one.
race bannon is the straight anderson cooper.
rt @ismaas: wondering if the farts on fg are real, or if they're something from the computer? // it's bumblebee buzzing slowed down 1000%.
the older bill o'reilly gets, the more he looks like he was drawn by mort drucker.
i wonder if captain kangaroo ever actually served.
rt @otakumomma: i think @sethmacfarlane  should voice lionel in the updated thundercats cartoon. // wait-- is lionel the black one?
rt@lizgmaz: why no chicken/hans fight in the 3rd fg star wars episode? // not a big hans solo fan. "heute werde ich zum bespin gehen."
rt @abercrombie: i got 99 poblems but a fitch aint one.
all those vampires and not one with a cape?  fuck you, twilight.
life on a farm has gotta be paradise, except for all the hard work and manure and farm.
this pizza place in this town doesnt make it as good as that other pizza place back in that other town.
doing a set this eve w/ ron jones and the big band @ the catalina club in hollywood
rt @stephenjcannell: jesus, there are script pages all over my fucking floor.
you know, the entire tone that a corporation projects comes from the top down, mr. slate.
the percentage of radio shack rc cars given this past xmas that are now busted: 118%.
a tweet from my new autoseth tweeterator 4000: i shit cock on this music of today. money well spent.
"it's not the economy.  it's not health care.  the critical issue facing americans today is killing green pigs." -- president angry bird
bitch be crazy. --black swan in tweet form.
birthdays are a bullshit holiday, invented by the major multinational cake corporations.
rt @rustvibe: @sethmacfarlane hate to say.  your humor doesn't translate to twitter.  ugh. // but... but twitter's where all the money is!!
last week, i doubt i couldve found tunisia on a map.  this week: same.
rt @drunkchaucer: i bette i coulde totallye beet up a bayr.
we aint brothers, we aint partners, and we aint friends. --nick nolte, to sanity
there's no good cave art anymore.
modern movies feature asian characters who aren't looking through binoculars.  that's progress.
calista.gingrich, engage human smile program x9j500r.2, confirm.  
(
boy, some days i just feel like i have a big surveyor's mark painted on my back.
if sheetrock hills is in arizona, the people there are at risk of heavy fines, or even prison time, just for hiring handy manny.
bad news, paraguay and uruguay.  the home office thinks there may be some redundancies.
"summer soulstice" would be a great name for a '70's band.
rt @wimpy: am now paying off my hamburger debt in sexual favors.  christ, what have i become?
rt @sixxxr: @sethmacfarlane hey seth, where did you get that brilliant mind of yours? // i got it at ross.
if the beverly hillbillies were persian, that show wouldve been a documentary.
pic 2
rt @mfdc: @sethmacfarlane capitol studio a, yes? // studio a, yes.
here's the pic.
pic from the album recording session.  in the booth recording with sinatra's 60 year-old mic.  still exists, still works great.
did that face-transplant lady in ohio also inherit her donors facebook page?  seems like that'd be a nice bonus.
rt@vinnie_ufcfan: i fucking hated that show lol// yes, looking at your profile pic, i'd guess that suddenly susan was not meaningful to you.
so american dad airs sunday @ 7:30pm from now on.  it's the timeslot previously occupied by reruns of suddenly susan.
my house needs a few more gargoyles.
fewer and fewer parents are naming their kids randall.  i think this is progress.
however you feel about the new house speaker, this is truly a proud, historic moment for all orange-skinned americans.
101 dalmatians: a holocaust parable, with puppies!
hey fuck you, statler and waldorf.  those other muppets are busting their asses for you.
yay, me.  boo, you.  --atlas shrugged, in tweet form
rt @tismeechristine: hey @sethmacfarlane which movie makes you cry? // the sound of music and the bounty hunter.  for different reasons.
rt @swingsinger1: hi seth, saw you singing christmas numbers on bbc, amazing. any chance of an album coming out ? // album out in march.
rt @johnpavlich: @sethmacfarlane @jjplusjj i see your "the 'burbs" and i raise: "the ref". // also on my list.
rt @jjplusjj: hey @sethmacfarlane, what's an underrated comedy movie that you'd recommend? // the 'burbs.
rt @demarc24: have you had a chance to read adam carolla's book?  // one of the smartest comic minds of our time.  get it.
given the tragic roots of this nations race problem, maybe a different name for oprahs new network? #own
historys greatest monster: whoever turned gift into a verb.
rt@ilove_keshasuxx: just because your a comedian dsnt give u the right 2 slag off @keshasuxx // see my previous your/you're text. thank you.
dick clark was still more articulate than ke$ha.
war is not the answer.  unless theres a quiz with a question about what you call it when armies fight.  cause then war is the answer.
rt @elain33: @sethmacfarlane #letpetergtweet !!! // jesus, go ahead, tweet!
fox is really protecting the brand with this john goodman ornament. 
tweeters, if you need a resolution for 2011, how bout we work on getting the whole your/youre thing down?
was protein gets out protein supposed to be some kind of scientific law?  cause it sounds like bullshit.
it might be time to re-think the statue of liberty's drunk-chick-in-vegas hat.
if the t1000 had to kill everyone named aiden connor or dylan connor, hed have tons of killing to do.
rt @tupiguarana: man, you are so awesome, i just love family guy, you're a fucking genious. // the "genious" tells me you're english.
rt @nannabanger: hey seth, what is your favourite sex position and after sex cigarette brand? // i guess camel would be the answer to both.
rt @lowribearman: @sethmacfarlane hi seth, what's your favourite book (fiction)? // fiction?  "replay" by ken grimwood.
rt @dwg0102: hey seth, what's your fav. horror film? // watcher in the woods.  still scary as shit, & it's a disney movie.
rt @deadripleyfloyd: hey seth, what's your favorite film score?? // temple of doom & poltergeist are both underratedly great scores.
#ff @thesulk, @jleefilm, @juliussharpe, and of course @neiltyson.  oh and happy holidays, christketeers!
rt@ldyhype_phxsuns: that's funny you say that. my "father's" name is bill & he's a piece of shit! // okay, maybe twitter isn't the place...
if your name is bill, youre probably someones non-communicative dad.
the one freeloader in the nativity story?  the dude too broke to bring any presents?  a drummer.
hey america, are you really gonna eat that?  seriously?  all of it?  christ.
think im still paying for tivo, even though its been 2 years since ive had tivo.
asian woman wearing a surgical mask in the airport are there thousands of you?  or just the one, constantly traveling?
awkward holiday card: thanks to a generous contribution to planned parenthood, an abortion will be performed in your name.
#ff @juliussharpe, @marmel.  because i like jews.
hey, nature-- the doppler effect sounds like a lame dj gimmick.  how about you just play the damn sound?
maybe i like my goose without sauce, mr. spock.
hey, every character on every cw show ever-- speak up.
i bet if we stop paying so much attention to god he'll like us more.
if my dad shaves off the moustache, hes basically the quaker oats guy.
santa is an asshole until he wants something from you.  --rudolph the red nosed reindeer, in tweet form
if miley cyrus had just hit that bong dressed as hannah montana, no one wouldve known it was her.
contemporary musicians need a gentle reminder that the xylophone exists.
bill clinton's real-life aging looks like fake back to the future aging.
the two big musical numbers from this sunday's family guy xmas special are now available on itunes!
rt @denisraskopin: @sethmacfarlane  ! // great- now i have to find a hobbit to translate.
rt@ananonymousone:
@sethmacfarlane what an insensitive comment. // you'll have to be more specific, as this could apply to any of my tweets.
rt @virtualchris:joel mcneely doing music for fg xmas special! // close. xmas special music- ron jones.  album orchestrations- joel mcneely
rt @elizabethhagar: @sethmacfarlane hope there is singing... lol..... // yes, the xmas special uses a 90-piece orchestra & 30-person choir
rt @dallaskruse: @sethmacfarlane who's doing the orchestrations? // joel mcneely-- brilliant composer, not to mention a fave of george lucas
recording the big band album all this weekend-- 60-piece orchestra & a few thimbles of jack daniels.
#ff @neiltyson & @thesulk.  they both tweet about dark matter, but one is referring to his stool.
that barista sees me putting money in her tip jar; hope she doesnt smile or thank me. okay, good, she didnt.
urban children use crest to ward off the cavity crips.
hey, here's a fun idea!  in an economy where everyone is dead broke, let's give rich guys like me even more tax breaks!  thanks, gop!  yay!!
weve had some good times, uk.  but when we pass in the school hallway on monday, will you call my name, or will you walk on by?
quantum physics shows that subatomic particles can exist in two places at once.  but how do we know it's not just robin williams in a dress?
hey, mom in "poltergeist"-- even before the disturbances, your house was a mess.
you shouldnt drink and drive.  unless you, like, really dont wanna take a cab or something.
ff @neiltyson -- everyone who follows receives one pleiade.
dislodged manhole covers used to result in more movie hijinx than they
do nowadays.
the catholic league has forced the smithsonian to remove a piece of art showing jesus eaten by ants. next they're going after crystal skull.
in cardiff.  just saw a man who runs like a welshman.  doesn't he?  doesn't he run like a welshman?
been in london 2 weeks now.  still no sign of miss piggy or lady holiday.
snickers satisfies you. but not sexually.  unless thats your thing,
in which case sure, it can do some stuff.
rt @markdukes95: hey seth you know fart jokes and gay jokes are not that funny anymore? // fart jokes are always funny, you commie.
a million dollars to anyone who can find an instance of p. diddy using the phrase "aw, rats."
americas park system: doing what we can to preserve our nations
anonymous gay hookups.
fig newtons are the robert loggia of cookies.
rt @t0astchef: @sethmacfarlane what's your favorite thing about the uk? // only two air raid blackouts since i've been here.  not bad.
rt @charmed_1_4ever: @sethmacfarlane any advice for an up and coming comic? // don't try to be groo the wanderer.  be your own comic.
it seems very important to the english that we admit their chocolate is better than ours.  i don't wanna get beat up, so i say yes.
its awkward seeing black employees at souplantation.
big snowstorm in northern uk.  to quote del griffith: "six bucks and my right nut says we're not gettin' outta here tonight."
# ff@neiltyson - he's the tyson who didn't throw a couch at robin givens.
feel bad for babies named rex.  its not their fault their parents are assholes.
i don't think i've ever used the word hectare in conversation.
rt@danfosternro: area showtune enthusiast has adorable political opinion // perhaps if you sang about your favorite things...
shut up and eat your cat food.
  simpson-bowles deficit reduction
plan in tweet form
if annie were set in thailand, thats a different movie.
i kinda believe that science has found a cure for midgets, but is
holding it back just for comedy.
rt @goatcheesenuts: i hope you aren't insulting renner because he is a great actor and deserves his success. // you sound fun.
was there some kind of town meeting where we all decided that jeremy renner was gonna happen?
in london listening to the great john wilson rehearse his orchestra.  might go get beheaded later for the full english experience.
1993: modern cripple magazine pans new proclaimers single as insensitive; not relatable
if theyre the cure, id hate to meet the disease.  holy shit, i went there.
didnt support the troops, saw a bumper sticker, now do.
pirates were basically part rapist, part handicapped guy.
okay gop, obamas tired of your partisanship and will only try to work with you one-kajillion more times.
harrison ford now looks like he maybe snuck a quick peek in the ark.
#ff @neiltyson - because he can convert all your hydrogen nuclei into helium nuclei for less than the competition is charging.
in today's economy, if i bought a shopping mall and tried to turn it into a park, i bet those "breakin'" kids would try to stop me.
rt @shimmylynn: @sethmacfarlane  i love your tweets. // i'm too insecure to take compliments.  fuck off.
lets just say the candyman can do a lot of shit.
milestone: just had my one-millionth apathetic thought.  i guess  
thats something to be proud of, but meh.
i keep forgetting how marions drinking contest turns out; always end up putting my money on the other guy. #raiders
dear god: if that cat puke on the floor disappears by itself in the next ten seconds, i will accept jesus christ as my personal savior.
your donut shop, at 4am: where the meth-heads of yesterday meet the migrant workers of today!
will be performing w/ ron jones and his jazz big band this sat @ vitello's in studio city.  show starts at 9
dont judge charlie sheen until youve snorted a mile in his coke.
it'll be weird when the "old people names" aren't harold, walter, edna, or mildred, but tyler, logan, hunter, ashley, and brittany.  ew.
sometimes i just wish i was back in comedy school.
its fine for movie characters to be nazis, but not to say gay.
rt@taskbaarchitect:if rex harisson had done a dozen my fair lady sequels, would his voice have relaxed like stewie's has? // interesting...
remember when all movie bad guys had fish tanks?
#ff @neiltyson--  let's amp up the follows for our favorite astrophysicist!
i close today with this: #ff @neiltyson.  he can answer all your cosmic queries better than i can.  let's get him to 100,000!!!
rt @soriano_: @sethmacfarlane ever had any paranormal experiences? // i swear i once saw the ghost of john cleese.
rt@nickjunior:"the absence of evidence, is not the evidence of absence."// yes, but evident absence is absent evident evidence in absentia.
rt @alyssa_milano: @sethmacfarlane are you an alien? // no, but i'm not so sure about danny pintauro.
rt @hellokatie2: @sethmacfarlane what's your take on the easter bunny? // the only actual proof of alien life.
rt @britanneemarie: @sethmacfarlane please tell me your doing a halloween episode for family guy... // yep.  sunday after halloween.
rt @kpfefferle:why does your sagan quote not apply equally to aliens as to ghosts? // we know life exists here.  show me one ghost anywhere.
in future-twitter, youll only get 4 characters per tweet.  and if you use all 4, youre blabby.
rt @tbloomquist: @sethmacfarlane what's your take on ghosts? // no such thing.  "exraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence." -sagan
rt @chrissullivan85:what's your take on aliens and ufos?// very likely that alien civilizations exist.  very unlikely we have been visited.
i sure wish i could un-see the world according to garp.
that awesome dead guy showed up again, right here.  no, seriously, right here! -- book of mormon in tweet form
i never bought candy bars from those kids on my doorstep so i guess theyre all in gangs now.
at tosche station, prostitutes are referred to as power converters.
palestine is the wet spot that, for some reason, both people want to sleep on.
the original quagmire.  was too howdy doody-looking.
i havent been following the news too closely, but why is clarence thomass wife texting pictures of brett favres cock to aqua buddha?
we must never forget the brave men and women who perished in the terrorist attack on the nakatomi plaza.
just saw my 1,476,835th photo of a dinner plate with the caption "mmmm." from now on, facebook postings should only be used for emergencies.
if you've ever referred to an attractive woman with the expression, "who is that beautiful creature?" i don't need to know you.
i wanna marry that chick in the next car.  now i want a divorce.
captain janeway sounds a little like cobra commander.
if rick springfield really wants to find a woman like that, he should check the 80s.  theres tons of em there, just like that.
phrases you never hear:  "man, that was some hot black-on-jew porn."
according to my calendar, its almost cold and ridiculous-paranoia-about-the-flu-shot season.
ap: chilean miners treated to screening of life as we know it; want to go back down
i hope hell at least has a patio where you can smoke.
must be a rules of engagement rerun playing right now.  my spadey sense is tingling.
drink up me hardy --pirate soliciting
once upon a time, everybody fucked everybody and killed everybody and now theres people. --book of genesis in tweet form
gonna look for missing rock to help skinny people.

-- indiana jones tweet
rt@willistat: seth mcfarlane... i want to fuck your shows. // do you want edited animatic retake screening copies or color air master dubs?
rt @casag65: slim cleveland's wife dwn with new season luv show but her ass 2 unshapely fix that shit // wish you were here to slap me five.
rt @shawn4change: you should win the fuck head of the year award for that rush episode!! // well, i guess as long as it's not a surfboard...
rt @toototo: @sethmacfarlane you looke like grown up peter barady in your picture // thanke you mr. chaucer, for that kinde tweete.
rt @scottfarkus: finally got tested. its liver failure. im scared.  #yelloweyes
#ff @neiltyson - astrophysicist, writer, all-around great guy, and he can explain how to get to that parallel dimension where you're rich.
okay, kids.  ill tell you how i really met your mother.  see, when a  
drunk woman loves a whole roomful of men very much
remember when we all thought echinacea wasn't bullshit?
rt@sandmanmuzik:do something on family guy where christine o'donnell is surrounded by dudes jerkin off. // gee, what a neat guy you must be.
regarding my previous rt, should i be at all nervous that the president is addressing america as "you guys"?
rt @barackobama: "you guys give me confidence. you guys give me hope. i really need all of you to get out and vote on nov 2."
the bullies are just jealous cause the gay kids will someday have better marriages.
dear some church in utah: which of my states ballot measures are okay to vote for?
face.  the a-team.  1984.  how did hannibal allow this?
was bamm-bamm supposed to be an albino?
rt@billyisthat:your name is seth. was that planned, perhaps by a comity? // that's the word for a group of giraffes: "a comity of giraffes."
rt @zed260: @sethmacfarlane so whos your favorite chreactor in family guy? // actually, the chreactor is my favorite species of dinosaur.
rt @nbkzid3: @sethmacfarlane who works harder, you or seth green?????  //  christ, settle down.
rt @early80srapper:  im great. my rivals, and women, are not.
i hear theyre gonna make a whole sequel, just about the like button.
rt @mr.t: thinking of fool, am feeling compassion and empathy for him.
hey gang!  want to wreck your appetite?  watch donald sutherland eat chinese food in "invasion of the body snatchers".
in 7 billion years when our galaxy collides with andromeda, i hope we don't have to exchange information.
hey, can we just be done with this bloom county craze?
im sending this tweet with my left hand, so it feels like someone else is doing it.
you know the economy's in trouble when america's main export is tweets.
early garfield looks inbred.
whenever a sci-fi or horror film is described as "stylish", it usually means the story is utterly indecipherable.
highly recommended book: "death by black hole" by my friend neil degrasse tyson.  brilliant astrophysicist and great drinking buddy.
rt @kerryngilmore:  i just laughed for 5 mins at what i thought was a fg drawn out awkward silence then realised i had hit pause. seriously.
rt @c_mccurdy3213: @sethmacfarlane in 3 words or less, whats your political stance if you ran for president? // no new daxes.
this week in racist medical history (1940): black man at significant risk of feets failure
rt @eviey: @sethmacfarlane what if it's 1979? // then i vote for bill murray.
rt @melissarla: ...your response if a girl asked to go back to your place to see your delorean? // "it's just a little weather experiment."
rt @muddywilbury: @sethmacfarlane  what's your response when someone says, "i'll pray for you."? // i'd say, "that's neat!"
myspace now feels like bizarro hill valley after biff got rich.  used to be a neat little spot, but something has gone terribly wrong.
fuck you, giant rectangle!
-- the first 20 minutes of "2001" in tweet form
i wouldn't want to live in the old west.  there's only one store that doesn't sell anything cool, and you die from a paper cut.
rt @chuckwrestling_:  seth, could you maybe gimme a shoutout before my operation today? // good luck to you, lt. dan quagmire!
you can catch me at my most mediocre tonight on leno.  enjoy!
hey person reading this: other peoples political views are shit.   
yours are awesome.
when the guys doing construction on my house start to sing while they work, i somehow feel terrible about myself.
according to christine o'donnell, if you can't see something with your own eyes, it doesn't exist.  yay, she's an atheist!!!
when pigs overthrow dudes they become pig-dudes. -- animal farm in tweet form
my cat would like to tweet the following:  fuck you, bird.  fuck you  
right in the ear.
correction -- least funny ep: "fore, father".
this deficit is horrible.  lets make it way bigger. -- gops pledge  
to america in tweet form
rt @disneyrthanthou: @sethmacfarlane what is the least funny fg episode you think you ever produced? // "if i'm dyin' i'm lyin'".
glad christine odonnell gave up witchcraft and now believes in  
rational stuff, like how gods son turned into wine and  
crackers.
rt @aleczandah: @sethmacfarlane thanks for spoiling it for the british! you sod. // well, i never!  good day, sir!
yes, tonight's episode is "canon".  diane, muriel, etc. are gone.  to be continued...
rt @televisionproducerfrom1983:  the best thing on earth is a helicopter chasing a car.
rt @emhalverson: are all of the voices on fg real?  //  no, the voice of tom tucker does not actually exist.  you dreamed it.
rt @tkwatters: are the names in the opening credits of fg real? // yes.  cherry chevapravatdumrong is a real person.
rt @patrick_m_mack: if there was ever a live action version of fg... is there an actress who would be your ideal lois? // bruce jenner.
rt @blackbirdmccoy: @sethmacfarlane: my brother asks "will you marry?" //  is your brother jane austen?
rt @alyssa_milano: @sethmacfarlane aaron copeland. that is all. // agreed.  appalachian spring.
rt @sikafei: are you for or against capital punishment? // seems odd to kill those who kill to show the killers that killing will kill them.
family guy hour-long season premiere tomorrow night-- i recommend watching with the lights out.
wait 'til christine o'donnell sees the cool-ass fuckin' third eye we're gonna evolve in a billion years.
this one midget turned out to be jesus, kinda. -- a prayer for owen meany in tweet form
if congress can't break the gridlock, we'll do it with jack daniels & margaritas.
getting drunk with andrew breitfart.  and enjoying it.  kirk and gorkon can find common ground.
rt @cam4cho: @sethmacfarlane why do trey parker and matt stone hate you? // i'm not sure, but i think it's racially motivated.
rt @parriola: @sethmacfarlane did you know you look like the autopilot in the movie airplane!? // no comment.  i enjoy this.
for a group that hates gays, isn't "tea party" kind of a gay name?
i i i i i i i !!    i i i i i i i !!!   i i i i i i i !!!  
i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i !!!!!!!   

-- woodstock fucking.
oh my god, this crazy planet is the earth!!!  -- every 5th sci-fi novel, in tweet form
i wonder if anyone called him "andrew breitfart" in high school.
crocs are the late night booty call of shoes.
performing with ron jones' big band this evening at vibrato in beverly hills
sexually progressive electric company:  heyyyyyy yoooouuuu biiiiiiiis!!!!
murder and bloodsucking are okay.  handjobs, not.  -- the twilight saga in tweet form
do yourself a favor-- go on youtube and watch the "learn to draw" videos by tom gammill.  fuckin' hilarious.
its looking very likely that, come 2015, we will still need roads.  #docbrownlied
"war is more important than fucking."

-- 'casablanca' in tweet form
hey everyone- follow my friend emma stone: @stonenobrien.  we fought in korea together.
should it make me uneasy that there's an autographed picture of clay aiken hanging on the wall of my throat doctor's office?
hey cw!  im a male, between the ages of 1 and 99!  got anything i'd like?
in this economy, the republicans offering more tax cuts to the rich seems like offering more dick to john holmes.
rt @davekhuh: your show references a lot of woody allen movies, do you have a favorite? // "play it again, sam" & "crimes and misdemeanors".
your honor, the jury is deadlocked at 10 guilty, 1 not guilty, and 1 cookie. --12 angry muppets
rt @i_am_scott: @sethmacfarlane how many episodes do you have in production at one time? // roughly 20 or so.
rt @missjuliek: what episode of family guy would you say you had the most fun making? // "and then there were fewer."  lot of work, but fun.
america has turned its back on what once made it great: cartoons about teens fighting crime.
so has everyone else been getting their checks from twitter?  not sure if mine are getting lost in the mail or what.
i will burn many copies of "the secret" if the ground zero mosque doesnt move.  also if it does.
i'd watch true blood if, just once, the tv guide episode summary included the words "monkey", "left unattended", "tuxedo", and "calamity".
rt @kelitos_way:  we are hearing you have something in mind for @marleematlin on family guy?  // yes- in the writing stage.
follow my pal @marleematlin!  she's the only friend of mine i'd ever recommend coldplay to.
i know they're honoring the fallen, but i really wish those 9/11 carolers would stay away from my house.
i think cancer deserves aids.
total douchebags really make me appreciate partial douchebags.
it's not just qurans that terry jones wants to burn.  it's every book that isn't this. 
if pastor terry jones is holding "burn a quran day", i think the muslims are entitled to "put googly eyes on a bible day".
dear 80s: hope youre having fun writing stuff with wordperfect, assholes.  sincerely, now.
getting into a dispute with chaz bono inevitably turns into one of  
those he-she said kind of situations.
100,000!  much obliged to @alyssa_milano!
barack obama's tweets are too official.  just once i'd like to see something like: "just took a biden-sized shit."
hey, beavers and pelt-hunters, just go into a closet and make out already.  youre not fooling anyone.
rt @pinochet: hey @sethmacfarlane you're an unfunny cumlord. //  is that above or below an archduke?
rt @nbkzid3: @sethmacfarlane why does kevin smith not like you!!!!!!!  // because he can't find my mushroom village.
world: 1, scott pilgrim: 0
i'll always be a stallone fan, but the older he gets, the more it looks like he's just opened one of these.
i bet it would feel great to be shorn.
rt @booklover28212:  how do you handle being so goddamned adorable? //  you wouldn't say that if  you saw me without my earthling costume.
rt @great_spirit: @sethmacfarlane hey do you guys use live musicians for family guy? //  yes.  anywhere from 40 to 80 players each week.
jan brewer could've validated her debate speech if she'd just closed with "that's all, folks."
"william peter blatty" sounds like the three steps of diarrhea.
@revmoon   no, he was buddy lembeck on "charles in charge."
its awesome that all the u.s. troops are out of iraq except for the 50,000 u.s. troops that are gonna stay in iraq.
when they named the storm earl, they pretty much guaranteed that it  
would destroy some property.
a douchebag being asked to sign a document:  

"alright sir, if you'll just put your ed hardy right here..."
wow-- think i've finally recovered from seeing queen's "news of the world" album cover at age 5.
"that sad rich guy wants to fuck your sad wife." -- the great gatsby in tweet form
cant wait til the gop takes back washington and replaces this do-nothing congress with a do-terrible-things congress.
you know, its not like snakes are all that crazy about indiana jones, either.
hey, guy wearing a thumb ring.  douche it down a notch.
headline: "left-wing protesters crash glenn beck rally -- brawl ensues -- local man furious"
reading a biography of lbj.  he was kind of a jerk sometimes.  i mean, it's like, who died and put him in charge?
to people on facebook: i cannot get enough pictures of your dogs.  stop being fucking stingy and let me see your goddamn dogs, you assholes.
me & @thesulk - simultaneous tweet.
i'm glad i'm not at the glenn beck rally.  i'd feel self-conscious being the only white guy there.
i wish we had appreciated james legros while he was still alive.  (please disregard if james legros is still alive).
sounds true but isn't:

matt damon is also an extremely proficient harpist.
hey, houseflies.  i'm gettin' a lotta hand-rubbing, but no dastardly plan.
watching wrath of khan.  i just caught kirk with his britches down.
next presidential election, we need to get some guys with beards in there.  it's been too long.
is there a way i could find pirated tweets somewhere out there on the internet, where, like, i could read them, for free?
they say money makes the world go round, but what if its really just the cocaine and feces thats on the money?
"precious" would've been a better film if it had focused less on the mother-daughter conflict, and more on the search for a magic chalice.
that's enough, katy perry.
kinda weird: 2010 lea thompson looks exactly like marty mcflys mom.
rt @suffocatingscifihero: "can't... breathe... beam... too powerful... must... reach... the deactivator..."
"shut up, meg." (california democrat tweet)
audio: "winds of change" by the scorpions.

visual: andy and opie walking down to the fishing hole in slow motion.
lottery ticket may be the first urban film in which the characters yell back at the audience.
rt @usatoday brief shit happened yesterday, in color.
i bet a porno starring tim allen would still be perfect for the whole family.
hope the next house speaker wasnt called any mean names at school, cause he might take that out on us. lets see: john boehner.  hmm.
if i took an iphone to 1989, i wonder if i'd be worshiped as a god.  

nah, the future-technology-god-worship cutoff is probably like 1835.
my mom always said, "if you apply yourself, one day you could be a polarizing figure."
i think "bieber fever" would make a great slang term for aids.
audio: the part of "benny and the jets" where "benny" is sung repeatedly.
visual: me moving stealthily thru the forest in bird-hunting gear.
this egg recall is exactly the reason that i fuck my own chickens.
nels oleson was a giant pussy.
putting on marionette show for dad tonight.  so fucking stoked.

--von trapp children tweet
1965 movie billboard: julie andrews cavorting joyously in the alps.
2010 movie billboard: jason bateman staring into a cupful of jizz.
when my cat is done being petted, he claws the shit out of my arm. it's cat talk for "thank you for the attention.  now you will die."
i think, if someone makes a movie version of the bible anytime soon, old testament god should be played by robert loggia.
i hope we never have to see what's under all that gaga.
i've been told i need to respect religion more.  ok.  i promise to handle the ewoks with the utmost respect in our upcoming "jedi" episode.
i want to take a moment to acknowledge all the jews who make my life better.  (ny accent): tanks, jews guys.
to everyone on facebook:  hey.  how 'bout you just enjoy that dinner of yours, huh?  i don't fucking care about seeing what's on your plate.
get yourself a copy of "the demon-haunted world" by carl sagan.  my favorite book.  just finished re-reading.  the pope would hate it.
wonder if i'm the only man who's ever been forcibly kissed by david hasselhoff on tv.  i suppose i could do worse.  could've been alan alda.
@digitallyncher it's nice to see i'm finally in a list alongside dunkin donuts. finally.
@elzsarah thank you
@rvstoltz thank you
@tguard thanks
hey everyone - the twitter account "seth_macfarlane" is fake.  i'll be up and posting soon, but that other guy is a phony.
oh no... i finally ran out, and amazon doesn't carry this anymore!
felix navidad!
pocket dial with @thomaslennon
just got the new verizon signal amplifier. kinda bulky, but effective. #canyouhearmenow
an interview with me from an alternate universe:
i've been going back and forth between the ps4 and the xbox one, but i've finally made up my mind.
i'm not.  that's why i can't tell you anything.  #sorry  rt @cjwontshutup how are you involved in the first place, al?
im sorry, i cannot reveal any behind-the-scenes info for star wars vii.  cant even give hints.  dont even ask.
what, you still haven't finished your christmas shopping??  look no further:
@wilw dude. that was me.
cool!  just found out that every new ipad purchase comes with a free deep tissue massage!
the nazis werent really like that.  my dad (who fought in the battle of the bulge) the first time we watched hogans heroes
just finished wallpapering the house as a surprise for my wife - hope she likes it!
@vanderjames the pleasure was all mine!
we'd better have hoverboards within the next 2 years, or else back to the future part ii totally lied to us.
it really makes me sad to see eminem frowning all the time. go, marshall. go to your happy place! #alf
til my illustrator @weshargis gives much better autographs than i do.
hey look, i'm in a hot tub with @thomaslennon and @natashaleggero:
suge knight just called eminem the modern-day "weird al" yankovic.  funny... i kinda thought *i* was the modern-day "weird al" yankovic.
enjoyed snls ylvis parody on saturday.  ill bet theyre working on a lonely island parody next!  #cantwait
my ping pong skills are adequate but unremarkable. i like to think of myself as the michael jordan of baseball of ping pong.
its 10:30?  ugh, i keep writing 11:30 on all my checks.
watched a movie with the family last night  help me settle an argument.  turbo is based on a true story, right?
comparing chins with @groovybruce
the best halloween costumes of 2013 (part 7)
the best halloween costumes of 2013 (part 6)
the best halloween costumes of 2013 (part 5)
the best halloween costumes of 2013 (part 3)
the best halloween costumes of 2013 (part 2)
the votes are in: here are the best halloween costumes of 2013 (part 1)
tmi, building!!!
kids - they grow up so fast! me with augustus gloop, veruca salt, charlie and mike teevee. #wonka
oh man. i forgot i was still enlisted in the kiss army. just got called back into active duty.
does george clooney have a skateboarding move named after him? no!! in your face, clooney!!
just posted a photo
tour's over, so i'm starting up a new business.
if you'd like to chat, i'll be at this number for the next 15 minutes.
in tulsa tonight for the 149th and final show of our tour.  thanks to the band and crew and everyone who came out to experience the alpocalypse!
in san antonio today - hitting all the typical touristy places.
see?  told ya. 
too bad captain phillips wasn't a disney film - i would've loved to see the pirates of somalia theme park ride.  #yohoyoho
always nice to go out on top!  mt @ericthewise
can we just give alfonso cuarn his best director oscar right now? holy cow. #gravity
you eyeballin' me??
just had a water slide installed in my back yard.  awesome!
congrats on the endorsement deal, bro!
so excited - im only 9,990,913 away from having ten million followers on instagram!! 
i don't even know what this means.
backstage in northampton, ma with amandapalmer, neilhimself and @jasonwebley.
man, i cant wait to see how theyre going to follow up last weeks episode! #breakingbad
would it be possible to get my quesadilla without so much dog in it?
okay, here we go.  the very last leg of the alpocalypse tour begins tonight. 
howdy!
you know what's really spooky?  this used to be the flagship tower records store.
so excited to be in the cast of breaking bad: the next generation!
hey, cool, the other side of his face grew back! #breakingbad
drink menu at the breaking bad finale party @ hollywood forever cemetery
i can't believe they're selling this.  highly inappropriate.
last day of my book-signing tour, y'all - new jersey and pennsylvania!  come on down! 
dvr alert: kathie lee and hoda will be doing a no-holds-barred interview with me on the today show tomorrow morning.
burger world fan art @ circle cinema
perhaps the greatest honor i've ever received. thank you, tulsa!
today is officially weird al day in tulsa. everything changes now.
@superman52002 then what are you doing in line?
@pftompkins you just watch your mouth, son.
okay, i'm now betting that the entire breaking bad series is meant to be backstory for @betsy_brandt's character on the michael j. fox show.
me sky-diving with @harry_styles, @barackobama and @kimkardashian.
me horsing around with @justinbieber (ive got him trapped in this dumpster). #funtimes
me hanging out with beyonce (she's hiding behind the orange thing).
kids today!  whatcha gonna do? 
bug me. slug me. mug me. wow, so many options!!  robin thicke, excitedly leafing through his first rhyming dictionary
is it on me?? is it still on me??
what??!
under siege #replacethenameofabeatlessongwiththenameofastevenseagalmovie
just made my own cronut.  i don't see what the big deal is.
i've never been the recipient of a kennedy center honor, but at least i've got this.
just trying to get through those empty, meaningless days between breaking bad episodes.
all this social media is making life move too quickly.  i think we should go back to a pigeon-based communications network.
some guy with tourette syndrome.  #nofilter
a filthy swimming pool.  #nofilter
a hand-rolled cigarette.  #nofilter
@arseniohall wait, what??  i'd better dust off the accordion!
congrats to @brunomars, who (i'm assuming) narrowly edged me out for the super bowl halftime slot. i'm sure it was this close.
okay, fine, i just joined instagram. here's the sunset and what i'm having for dinner.
if i don't leave souplantation with a distended belly and thoroughly hating myself, i feel like i really haven't gotten my money's worth.
hitler had the right idea... about footwear!  #kennethcoletweets
they can have my sharpie when they pry it from my cold, dead fingers.
oicutpi
thats right, i dont play by your rules! #dayafterlaborday #rebel
stop trying to make fetch happen. its not going to happen! wait, did i say fetch? i meant low winter sun. #amc
btw, i only said "one of" because i'm so modest.
not to raise expectations, but my next album is shaping up to be one of the greatest human achievements since the dawn of civilization.
my favorite performance at the vmas last night:
perhaps someday in the future well be able to read animals minds and conclusively prove what weve suspected all along: cats are jerks.
oh man, i hope the next movie's gonna be "batman vs. daredevil"!  all affleck all the time!!!
going through the archives - just found my first headshot (so embarrassing!) #throwbackthursday
i see that mtv is hosting some kind of music video awards show. remind me, did they used to have something to do with music videos?
sure, as long as you stay in your seat! mt @tellymakus: is there any chance i could sing with you when you come to northampton ma in oct?
the final dates of the alpocalypse tour have now been confirmed. if you havent gone yet last chance!!
strange but absolutely true. rt @bourgwick wait, brian wilson and weird al recorded a song together in 1990?
who has 17 thumbs after purchasing a mint severed thumb collection on ebay?  this guy!
i can just see this ad exec getting all don draper: were not selling chocolate powder, were selling memories!
cheesecake gobble gobble cheesecake gobble gobble cheesecake. #cheesecake #kony2012
please only post nice things on my twitter feed from now on.  my doctor tells me i might be prone to negativity-induced seizures. #science
my new #breakingbad theory: the last 2 years of walters life were an elaborately-staged birthday prank, a la michael douglas in the game.
okay, so apparently there may be some legal issues with calling my next album led zeppelin iv. fine, ill think of something else.
dear @thomaslennon: my posse and i demand that you have a happy birthday.  and we mean it.  
"i have a dreamcatcher" -- mlk after his vacation in new mexico
the shoots officially over.  i lost 18 pounds in the last month.  the diet ends now.  #deathbynachos
big day today - shooting the cover for my next album!  (no, sorry, its not coming out anytime in the immediate future.)
argggh!  the cognitive dissonance!
"whenever i'm offered a bowl of mixed nuts, i always eat the brazil nuts first." -- some horrible, horrible monster
how many books is a congressman allowed to check out of the library of congress at one time?  5?  im guessing 5.  that seems about right.
sure, its artsy but is it fartsy?  my op-ed piece on the new moma installation
you know, the word genius gets thrown around a lot these days, but man, i gotta tell ya, that albert einstein was kind of a genius!
ten years ago, we had steve jobs, bob hope and johnny cash. now, sadly, we don't, as all those great men have passed on. #rip
fun game: if youre on jeopardy begin all of your questions will pray tell and see how long it takes before alex trebek strangles you.
comma sutra: the sexy guide to punctuation and grammar usage  #booksthatneedtobewritten
so stoked  just found out a friend of mine scored me a mint-condition carlos danger action figure from comic-con!
just purchased my first warhol.  hope it was a good investment.
we don't normally have an opening act - hope the bird show doesn't blow us off the stage.
congrats to my identical twin @aaronpaul_8 on his emmy nod!
apparently all this time i've been trying to get on the cover of rolling stone the hard way.
from the people who brought you soylent green...
finally, a store that goes both ways.
finally, the double-billing that george lucas had always intended:
this guy tried to sell me an invisible horse last night.  told him i already had one.
i'm loving this new fred armisen character.
fyi, i will be publicly urinating in restaurant mop buckets all this week to show my solidarity with @justinbieber.
you had your chance, but sorry, i'm not available to be on your show now. snooze lose, blue's clues.
the l.a. zoo is the rudest ever.  i waved to all the animals, and not a single one waved back.  #yelpreview
man.  siri's getting downright surly.
happy birthday to the love of my life @suzanneyankovic and the one who broke my heart @scottaukerman.
me, on italian tv, in 1989:
haven't read the article yet, but i'm really hoping these headines aren't all somehow related...
heading right now to the last stop on my book-signing tour, children's book world in los angeles.  hope to see you there, l.a. tweeps!
if you'd like to chat, for the next 30 minutes i'll be at this airport phone booth: (919)840-9468.
oh, have i mentioned that ill be in at childrens book world in l.a. at 11 am tomorrow signing copies of my new book? yes? never mind then.
hey, raleigh, nc!  ill be at quail ridge books and music at 7:00 tonight to sign copies of my new book!  i would not lie about this!!
hey!  i'm answering your questions on reddit now!! 
ill be doing an ama on @reddit today at 5:00 eastern, 2:00 pacific.  i shall eat your questions like candy.
"i don't want no scrubs." -- vp in charge of syndicated tv show acquisitions for the international market
chicago-land!  i'll be signing copies of my new book tonight at 7:00 at anderson's bookshop in naperville.  hope to see you there!
boy, this must have really hurt!  (your standing in the community, i mean.) 
hey, milwaukee-area peeps! i'll be at the barnes and noble in brookfield, wi today at 6:00 pm to sign copies of my new book!  come on down!
you tell me to have a nice day, then you flip me off?  who do you think you are??  oh.
houston, we have a problem (if you're not coming to my book-signing today)!  see?  see what i did?? 
in minneapolis today for the start of my book tour.  the books officially out on tuesday  have you seen any other stores selling it early?
had a big glazed donut salad for breakfast this morning.  (its automatically healthy if you call it a salad.)
im leaving on my book tour today!  which book tour, you ask?  why, this one:
kermit the frog was the original lead singer for canned heat. #hensontrivia
"hey, this'll just wash off, right?  right?"
you spelled "weird" wrong, but thanks, cnn!
sometimes you feel like a nut.  other times, not so much.  #firstdraftadcampaigns
had a physical - the doctor told me my skull was cracking.  don't worry, i'm pretty sure he meant that in the british sense.
comedians! remember to put jk or lol at the end of all your tweets so people will know youre not really serious!! #twittertips
"um, actually i prefer 'the sex worker of babylon'"  #pcbookofrevelation
"khan, take the con." #firstdraftstartrek
i know @thelonelyisland is too painfully shy to mention this themselves, so allow me... the wack album is out now!
you are correct, sir!  of "they're coming to take me away, ha-haaa!" fame!  aka jerry samuels. rt @minnick27 napoleon xiv
hanging out with one of my childhood musical heroes.  ill rt the first person who can identify him:
is this the end... of weird al??? (spoiler: no, probably not.) 
nice rock 'n' roll refrigerator backstage!
just checking - you do know what "permanent" means, right?
found on the wall in a cracker barrel restaurant.  looks vaguely familiar...
"okay, m. night, we're going to give you just a few dozen more chances, and then seriously, that's it." -- hollywood
behind the scenes at the #gq shoot with me and @thelonelyisland:
hey, minneapolis, houston, milwaukee, chicago, cincinnati, raleigh and los angeles!  look:
i don't care.
"i don't even own a churn." -- amish hipster
okay, it's been long enough.  i think we're all ready for a shirley temple comeback.
all i can think is, how has this movie not been made before now.
the great and powerful @amandapalmer just recorded some amazing vocal tracks for my new album!
working with ray manzarek was one of the biggest thrills of my life. thought it might be a good time to share this:
gq magazine captures a candid moment of me hanging out with @thelonelyisland in their new comedy issue:
for the modern family series finale, are the characters going to watch the documentary they've been shooting this whole time too?
to this day, i am incapable of eating fava beans without doing a bad hannibal lecter impression first.
wanna hear what i really think about @stevemartintogo? 
mark your calendars  i will be doing my first official reddit iama on june 27 at 5:00 pm est!
thrilled to be in the gq comedy issue with my pals @thelonelyisland!
i see what i did there.
whenever i see a guy with a really huge penis, i always yell, sorry about your car!
make sure to have brb inscribed at the bottom of your tombstone. #puttingthefunbackinfuneral
that "complimentary valet parking" sign was kinda misleading.  they charged me $10 - but did say "nice car!"
celebrating cinco de mayo the traditional way (eating 5 jars of mayonnaise).
back in the studio this month recording 3 new songs for my next album!
looks like i'm performing opposite @rkelly and @billyidol at @bonnaroo. maybe we should just form a supergroup instead?
to all my old high school teachers who said id never be a guitar-playing klingon: you were so wrong.
if you'd like to chat, for the next 30 minutes i'll be at this airport phone booth: (206)248-9173.
looks like canada customs accidentally left one of their drug detection dogs on our bus. welcome to the tour, sniffy!
nice ink! 
roof covered with solar panels? check. brand new tesla in garage? check. insufferably smug? checkity check!
im starting to suspect that my new bus driver is the old looper version of @ericstonestreet. #closethelooperic
my friend @paulscheer and i both decided to get new haircuts.
so excited - i'm one of the first people to try out the new google glasses!
.@pattonoswalt i would do "accidental nazi" but i'm not sure i could get mel brooks to do the rapping part.
if you only watch one show about cupcakes this year, make it tonight's weird al-themed episode of cupcake wars on the food network.
at an airport phone booth - if you'd like to chat, for the next 30 minutes i'll be at (808)871-9398!
wow, some people really can't take a joke. 
lesson learned: never park your rental car under an avocado tree.
on this most sacred of holidays, let the pity of mr. t wash over you like a waterfall on a warm summers day.
bunch of crows, she wrote #firstdrafttvshows
@clydetombaugh not at all - i'm sure my family won't mind.  i'll have my will adjusted accordingly.
siesta time.
good idea. i mean, how much do we really know about barbara and marvin davis??
key and yank
if i order a pizza to be delivered, common civility dictates that sooner or later i will need to put on my pants. #quandry
the world will witness the birth of a new supergroup: mumford and the blowfish #bonnaroopredictions
my daughter had 6 teeth pulled. finally i can finish that charm bracelet.
theres no emoticon for the extremely specific way im feeling right now.
hmmm, it does seem like i've seen this somewhere before... rt @laporkra
bird music
at home recuperating and enjoying family game night.
i'm live-tweeting my gallbladder surgery!  this is awesome!!
just did a thing.  with this guy.
remember that time i auditioned for the postal service? 
just checked the fridge - we're all out of grapefruit juice.  thanks a lot, sequester! #harlemshake #kony2012
.@pontifex okay, your joke about quvenzhan wallis was totally out of line, but you didn't have to go and delete your whole twitter account!
dude! youll never guess whos on my flight! hitler!! #iftheyhadcellphonesinthe30s
whats the politically correct term these days - is it eskimo little people or inuidgets?
btw, "spielberg" is what i sarcastically call ang lee. #stillbatting1000 #oscars
btw, grumpy cat is my nickname for christoph waltz.  private joke between the two of us. #oscars
i would not have done well in the military. id always be saying things like sir lets just agree to disagree sir!!!
my people!
oops, apparently that joke was made on newreaders, which is a very funny show on adult swim that you should be watching.
"pachelbel? more like hackelbel!" - jealous 17th century composers
just started giving my daughter piano lessons.  no pressure.
a couple highlights from #blam:
yo @pontifex, got your notes on my pope house reality show treatment. will lose the hot tub confessional, no prob. lets pitch this thing!
i will not play by your rules.
several years ago i made a dumb joke about hollywood doing a dark, gritty, big-budget version of jack and the beanstalk ha ha ha guess what.
meet my body double:
.@pontifex i've already told you, i am not interested in the job.  please stop dm-ing me.
hey @frank_ocean, next time do this one:
"ah! he was probably getting the ball player's odd name confused with the commonly-used relative pronoun!" - abbott in a reflective moment
i know i'm pale, but they always over-do it with the makeup at these photo shoots.
don't make me angry.  you wouldn't like me when i'm angry. 
if you have a burning hatred of me that engulfs every fiber of your being, we cant be friends.
nice job, @beyonce.  couldve used more segways, accordions and singing amish people, but still.
if i were performing at halftime, i would be so nervous right now instead of eating nachos in my pajamas.
finally got a new headshot! will need to photoshop it a bit before i send it out.
who has 3 thumbs and enjoys being genetically mutated?  this guy!
this day in 1986: david spade officially becomes a solo act after breaking up the comedy team he started with partner bobby neutered.
the secret to a good relationship is finding a way to surprise your loved one every day (eg. hiding a live tarantula in your armpit).
recently donated a ton of old tour merch, so fyi if you see a bunch of homeless guys in weird al t-shirts, theyre not necessarily huge fans
people who invoke godwins law are worse than hitler.
you guys have each other's e-mail address, right? rt @neilhimself: @amandapalmer i am coming home to you.
if you dont bother to give your pet a stupid middle name, what kind of a monster are you?
i really gotta clean out my car one of these days.
my anus true #elviscostelloalbumsaboutanuses
yes, i'm now available for commercial work.
yes, i'm now available for commercial work.
the mosquitoes (on that one episode of gilligans island) were better than 90% of the bands making music today.
so? how's he doing? still the same?
my cousin is really into word with friends (he shares his copy of microsoft word with all his buddies).
whod you rather? teenage me, or teenage @ryanseacrest? 
every time i watch the shining i notice something new.
when ddl wins the oscar for best actor, i hope for his acceptance speech he just shrugs and goes, well back to cobblin!
wow, these guys really mean business.
up in the sky! its a bird! its a plane! its a bird. sure looked like a plane for a second, though! #boringcomics
whoa, have you guys seen this gangnam style thing yet???
beans, beans, the magic legume - the more you ingest, the more you consume.
ugh, its the second week of january and im still writing checks.
no way should the government issue a trillion-dollar coin. think of the hassle just retooling all the vending machines!
thinking of starting a line of ettgo brand waffles, for the more articulate gourmand: "i say! let go of my ettgo!"
at a contemporary art gallery. this ed ruscha piece is my favorite:
reading a great book about reincarnation.  #yolo
just saw zero dark thirty. i'm sorry, but that "osama bin laden" character was a totally lame rip-off of abu nazir. #homeland
that guy from 30 odd foot of grunts must've been so psyched about getting to sing in les mis!
nobody recorded my set with alice cooper and steven tyler last night? bummer. well, it looked kinda like this:
my new year's eve plans? oh, you know, same old same old. (singing on stage with alice cooper and steven tyler!!)
in the breaking bad finale, walter white becomes the spokesman for the new anti-drug ad campaign: "meth - don't meth with it!" #2013spoilers
you know all those songwriters in the 18th century that thought love rhymed with prove?  buncha idiots!  #topical
struggling actors: it comes off as kinda desperate when you pad out your resum by including your appearance on google maps street view.
dear retailers: please remember to keep the box in boxing day. #waronboxingday
mele kalikimaka, yall.
nothing says christmas like...
well, guess i better start my christmas shopping.  stupid non-apocalypse.
hey guys, just got a dm from my mayan friend. turns out its not the end of the world - just time to order a new calendar. whew!
remember, the world ends tomorrow. last chance to buy weird al: the book or any of the fine merchandise here:
how about we keep social security, and maybe not spend billions for norad to keep tracking santa every year? #fiscalcliff
working on a screenplay - going great so far!
more like smelly kalikimaka!  flatulent hawaiian santa claus
i have no idea how tmz got this picture, but yes, thats me with a dead hooker.
remember: you can pick your friends, and you can lead a horse to water, but you cant keep your eyes open while youre sneezing.
i'm spending way too much time online. i was flipping through a magazine just now and thought, "man, look how fast these pages are loading!"
life of pi was disappointing - virtually no discussion of mathematics.
every time somebody tweets "your an idiot" an irony angel gets its wings.
sure, hulk hogan was a big wwf champ back in the day, but i bet i'd smear him at words with friends now!
rt if you're breathing right now.
fine, next year someone else can decide what the kids do for their school play, but it's my turn this year and i say the book of mormon.
no.  taco thursday cant be a thing.  its either taco tuesday or thaco thursday.  choose one and live with it.
memo to self: f it.
free slogan for the national crudit advisory board: its never a cruddy day with crudit! #yourewelcome
looking back on it, hermann goering was a lot like the soup nazi, except for the soup part.
what a happy little shoehorn. (please tell me that's a shoehorn.)
see, it's funny because it could also mean something else.
the last 5 guys that cheaped my tobacco did a horrible job. sure hope this place is different.
yo, ding dong, man.  ding dong.  ding dong, yo.  #hostess #rip #dayofmourning
ugh.  needy buildings.
"ask not what your country can do for you... ask what you can do for your country... in bed." #politicalspeechfortunecookies
happy veterans day
helpful hint: never go on a job interview while wearing your eye of mordor contact lenses.
going to a screening of lincoln today. hope spielberg didn't gloss over the man's impressive vampire-hunting legacy.
in case you ever needed proof that john lennon was cool:
"just you wait, some day i'll be a big movie star, and then nobody will ever make fun of my name again!!"
remember, people, tomorrow we need to vote nicholas brody out of congress. the man is a terrorist, for crying out loud!
i'm thinking of starting a toy store that positively reinforces the use of proper grammar. #toysarewe
okay, okay... part 4:
the best halloween costumes of 2012 - part 2:
and here they are - the best halloween costumes of 2012:
happy halloween!
here's the view from my window right now. #theresafoguponla
got some inside information: disney purchased lucasfilm primarily so that they could have the rights to the ewok's "yub nub" song.
in stores june 25 - get in line now! 
in case you ever needed proof that elvis was cool:
i would love to go on tour with john mccrea's band.  then audiences could have their cake and "eat it" too.
my next children's book won't be out for 8 more months - but i'll be revealing the title and cover art here on monday!
doing book publicity in nyc today - i've already bumped into tina fey and bob loblaw.
and... that's the end of the tour (for now - we'll be back on the road in april). big thanks to everyone who came out to a show!
well, i figured as long as people are still saying "governor palin"... rt @lornehanks: there hasn't been a soviet union for 20 years...
can there ever be such a thing as too much polka?  (yes, probably.) 
the odds of there being an accordion solo at the super bowl halftime show just went way, way down.  #beyonce
i never realized till now how much i needed one of these. 
you always have to watch out for the fine print.
at what age would it be appropriate to explain to my daughter that bugs bunny was a transvestite?
big thanks to the folks at the border for being so gentle with the cavity search.  hello, canada!!
im a little out of touch on the war in afghanistan  remind me, whos major sideboob?  i heard that huffpo just did another piece on him.
congrats to my pal taylor hanson, who just had his 43rd kid! #hansonfactory @hansonmusic
getting on a bus today - the tour's starting up again! if you'd like to catch a show, here's where i'll be:
fun quiz of the day: can you find me in this picture?
yeah, that's right, i'm a hard-core gamer.
i know a number of you have been enjoying it prematurely, but for the record, weird al: the book is officially out today.
hey @nathanrabin, the folks at the grove say hi.
one of my daughter's spelling words this week is "respect."  good excuse to play aretha franklin for her.
the buffalo bill dance from silence of the lambs #ineffectualforeplay
hey, l.a. tweeps! i'll be at the barnes and noble at the grove this saturday at 2:00 signing copies of this thing:
wait, what??  rt @suzanneyankovic these didn't make the cut. #goodwill
hey, kids! it's national voter registration day! wheee!
i stand corrected - a mammogram is not a message delivered by a topless woman.
okay, i love the muppets and all, but in real life i'd be horrified to see a pig making out with a frog.
btw, they're using an apple as a stand-in for the orange. #hollywoodsecrets
great to see @benfolds and the boys back in action:
food! (ad)
an interview with @nathanrabin, talking about one of my favorite subjects:
back in the studio, day one - recording three new songs for album #14! 
if @birbigs' movie "sleepwalk with me" is playing in your town, i highly recommend that you purchase a ticket (or sneak in for free). funny!
having a wonderful day celebrating entertainment legend zsa zsa labor.
tattoo of the week: the flaming spatula of death
aw, dang it, looks like they're in stock.
i always like to know what nationality my containers are.
sure dolphins are smart, but theyre mostly just fish smart.
woke up in my own bed this morning - i guess that means the tour's over for a while. but i'll be back out in october:
pull chain handle, or world's smallest devo hat?
ok, @sethgreen says i can now officially announce... i'm one of the voice actors for the awesome new animated comedy series #starwarsdetours
if you had told me 20 years ago that today i'd be on a bus going to arvada, co, i'd have thought, "wow, what a bizarre, random thing to say"
i was wondering when some respectable news organization was finally going to break this story:
the season finale of face to face (with special guest william h. macy) is up now!
first @rustyrockets, now @officialkennyg  cant any of my look-alikes keep their marriage together??  (careful, @howardstern!)
in case you ever needed proof that jimi hendrix was cool:
hey, guess whos on the cover of oprah magazine this month? @oprah! again!! this must be some kind of a record!
be sure to join @scottaukerman tonight on ifc for a very special episode of comedy bang bang: "'weird al' yankovic wears a hawaiian shirt."
i'm playing the uptown theatre in napa, ca tonight, but unfortunately i won't be in town for this:
someday i want my daughter to have a liberal arts education that is equal parts artsy and fartsy.
what am i doing rolling through the desert on a bus? i must be on the road:
me!  and the d!  on cbb!  see? 
your daily dose of polka:
new episode of face to face is up now! my exclusive interviews with josh brolin and julianne moore!
time for my morning shower.
the lack of daytime/nighttime continuity in the queen sketch was danny boyle's homage to b-movie auteur ed wood. #olympicstrivia
the queen killed it!  glad to see those ucb improv classes paid off.
sand dollars are now worth only 10% of what they were worth in 1947. #beachinflation
okay, fine, ill stop making dumb jokes.  ill just tweet pictures of my food from now on.
you hear that, max??  we're watching you, max!!
mixed messages
honored to hear @jonathancoulton singing weird al cover songs on the new @npraskmeanother episode:  
i gotta remember this place next time two of my friends and i all forget our cell phones at the same time.
hey kids!  ive managed to drag ren and stimpy creator @johnkricfalusi1 kicking and screaming onto twitter.
i enjoy breaking bad even more when i pretend that the entire series is just a prequel to malcolm in the middle.
me with james bond and the twilight guy:
what, they had a comic-con in san diego? why didn't anybody ever mention it??
whew! i misunderstood. the doctor said my wife is allergic to peanuts.
i can't wait to see the new @thomaslennon movie!
nerdist has pushed back the face to face schedule one week, so no new show today - but next tuesday, pierce brosnan and robert pattinson!
well, good, i'm glad they're cracking down on all those drunk police officers.
"thunderbolts and lightning? very, very frightening! me." - galileo
is "is that still a thing?" still a thing?
happy birthday to the love of my life @suzanneyankovic. and the other love of my life @scottaukerman.
sometimes my biggest fear in life is that i'll die in a horrible accident and my last stupid tweet is the one i'll be forever remembered by.
good lord, what the-- oh. asparagus.
face to face with jeff bridges:
this tuesday on a special face to face, i'll be visiting jeff bridges at home for a very revealing, up-close-and-personal interview.
why did it have to be snakes?
spinning around in circles until you get dizzy and fall down is wack. #drugfreeamerica #justsayno
all the dates for the west coast leg of the alpocalypse tour have now been posted  have i managed to avoid your town?
happy fathers day
tomorrow morning on @theaquabats super show... yes, it's the role i was born to play:
dieting tip: eat with tiny utensils. your food will seem huge.
what's so sad about dying penniless? i call that perfect money management.
tim cook just strapped on a jet pack and flew out of a hole he blasted in the roof of the moscone center. i guess its over. #wwdc
just one more thing every new macbook pro will come with a free grilled panini sandwich! yum! #wwdc
apple is developing a revolutionary new tv that will broadcast programs that havent even been written yet! what?? #wwdc
new apple maps feature to one-up google by revealing the exact location of dick cheneys secret underground bunker! controversial! #wwdc
new version of siri to feature the voice of gilbert gottfried! congrats @realgilbert! #wwdc
new facebook interactivity! all new apple ios devices will emit a sad slide whistle sound every time their stock dives! #wwdc
apple says there will be no iphone 5 on the way  theyre skipping all the way to the iphone 8!  game changer!! #wwdc
just announced: apples new powerhouse workstation will be a mac pro nano  so small you can clip it onto your shirt pocket! wow! #wwdc
keynote about to start. apple ceo tim cook is being carried out on stage cleopatra-style by 6 shirtless muscle men. provocative! #wwdc
oh god no, that's your head!!
if every song on my next album sounds like hot and cold, its because my daughter has been listening to that on repeat for the last month.
nice nyt article about #cbbtv - plus, fun pic of me and the d:
he hates spunk.  :( 
wheee!
can't wait for @nathanrabin's new book to come out - looks interesting!
yay!! the residuals check for my hbo @funnyordie presents appearance finally came in! #livinglarge
you are what you eat, minus the part you wind up defecating. #revisedforaccuracy
in case you're curious, here's my newest jam:
patrick stewart and i go face to face!
creepy...
if you want to avoid heated arguments, never discuss religion, politics, or whether the toilet paper roll should go over or under.
if i ever get a pet donkey, im going to name him hoaty.  #middleofthenighttweets
whole lotta unnecessary rhinoplasty #replacelovewithunnecessaryrhinoplasty
verily, that bicycle built for two song should be a real shot in the arm to the whole tandem bike industry! #tweetsfrom1892
havin a drink with @pftompkins:
i ran into @tomwilsonusa recently, and he was nice enough to show me his larger-than-human head.
i can count the number of times ive watched jersey shore on my vestigial tail.
that pay phone seems like it's having problems - try this # instead: (718)374-9119.
got some time to kill at jfk - if you want to chat, for the next 30 minutes i'll be at this pay phone: (718)374-8448
and... that's the end of the tour (for now)! big thanks to everyone who came out to a show. more alpocalypse tour dates to come!
1. smash #hulktodolist
i love it when geeks transform into hipsters. "no no, now i'm a geek ironically."
i always get a little grossed out whenever i see a pepsi sphincter.
isn't it annoying when people have no sense of personal space?
hello, minneapolis!
watch me go face to face with michael cera and morgan freeman:
im starting my tour tomorrow  am i coming anywhere near you??
the cool thing about the song "cinnamon girl" is you can still play the solo even if you've only got one finger and one guitar string.
where can i find a vest like this?
thats president yankovic to you!
bow-ling! bow-ling! bow-ling! bow-ling! #madmen #nerdist
spent the weekend camping in the desert, surrounded by natural beauty. but no wi-fi or 3g. #thehorror
hey, whats a good rhyme for el paso? oh wait, ive got it  hassle!  steve miller band brainstorming session
have you guys heard about all the amazing coincidences between the lives of president abraham lincoln and 90s mtv vj kennedy? #mindblown
such sad news. rip dick clark. 
im thankful that to date betty white has somehow managed to avoid the deadly golden girls curse.
new episode of face to face is up now! interviews with uma thurman & nicolas cage!
here's how to distinguish between them: a stalactite hangs down from the top of a cave. bon iver is the 2012 best new artist grammy winner.
when i'm on my deathbed, i'll probably look back at my life and think, "i should have tweeted more."
i wonder which new huffpo article is getting more clicks... "north korea rocket launch plans" or "miley cyrus flashes major side boob"?
well, it's april 11 - you know what that means!  time to take down the christmas tree!
im not really sure which i should do first  check myself or wreck myself.
easter's just like any other day for me. i'm always hiding brightly-colored hard-boiled eggs around the house.
reminder: always paint a small swatch first to make sure you really love the color.
so nice of them to have a bathroom at the airport just for me.
worst. party. ever.
the first episode of my new web series face to face is up now! interviews with denzel washington & megan fox!
hey, look!  i've got a new show! 
oh man... i have never gotten this lost at lax before.
i like to start every day by drinking a double espresso and punching a shark in the face.
kinda surprising - don't they usually save all the oscar-bait movies till the end of the year?
in case you missed me last night on 30 rock, here's a little nightmare fuel for you.  you're welcome.
i will be appearing on 30 rock this evening, and i have been instructed to inform you that viewing is mandatory.
falling coconuts kill an estimated 150 people worldwide every year. yet another reason to #alwaysalwaysalwayswearahelmet
@keitholbermann howard stern.
new @funnyordie video w/ @brettgelman, @thomaslennon, @garfunkeloates, @aimeemann, @timheidecker, @jensenclan88 and me!
hmm, im really craving pizza, but im also kinda in the mood for some yams wait, whats this??
yes. oh wait, sorry, i ruined it! rt @phdinheresy: i'm preparing a list of famous twitterers who won't respond to me, may i include you?
rt @passiveaggressivejesus: really, doobie brothers?  just all right??
i know it's really 10:45 in the morning, but i keep writing 9:45 in the morning on all my checks.
@iamenidcoleslaw wait, let me just plug in this time machine...
rt if you dislike genocide!
well, i've made it to the finals, but it doesn't look like i'm going to win this hair-off.
life is so much sweeter in a schlaaang!
love looking at old pictures of l.a.  here's the corner of pico and western a few years ago:
weird owl!
more podcasty goodness!  im on hdtgm this week.
oh, real lady-like, angie.
congrats to oscar winner @octaviaspencer! so glad the academy is finally recognizing her career-defining work on al-tv.
only a few more hours till we'll know whether or not my jack & jill write-in vote campaign was effective. #oscars
the devastating effects of yodarosion:
guess which show i'm gonna be on...
whew... thought i lost this.  finally i can sleep again!
i don't know much about art, but i know i like hitler in carbonite.
@stevemartintogo ah yes, the golden age of twitter. makes perfect sense now. i hereby rescind my unfollow directive!
spoiler alert: dont follow @stevemartintogo if you want to be totally surprised while reading his next book of tweets!
happy valentines day!
had a great time yesterday at the grammys. mostly i'm just glad that @ladygaga and i didn't wear the same thing again this year.
at the grammy after-party. just formed a human pyramid with adele and the guys from radiohead. #nopicsdidnthappen
hanging with jorma, the sexiest third of @thelonelyisland.
no!! i'm taking your picture!!
i'm still not sure... is this my keyboard player, or pat smear?
madhouse!
the award for boxed limited edition package is coming up. you can cut the tension in the room with a knife. #grammys
great reception party here at the grammys.  they just brought out the candied cigarette butts  my favorite!
cant believe i just met skrillex!
whaaa?
congratulations in advance to the winners in my grammy categories, @louisck and @officialadele!
sweet - just scored two tickets on the titanic! hope we dont run into an iceberg. lol! #100yearoldtweets
tonight ill be on @craigyferg.  yes, literally on him.  also, his show.  #tlls
cooking with crazy!!! 
christina hendricks is ginger.  @zooeydeschanel is mary ann. #castingthegilligansislandmovie
but... sunday's my laundry day! 
just finished writing my 2nd children's book. it'll be in stores in about two years. get in line now!
kids!  remember to leave a ground hog under your pillow tonight, so you can see what the ground hog fairy brings you!
dixie riddle cups were the twitter of 1973.
sorry, but i still cant get over it.  unobtanium???  #neverfallinlovewithyourfirstdraft
what's your favorite tobacco drink?  mine's a nicotini!
turns out this 1999 clip has two oscar nominees: octavia spencer and melissa mccarthy. they finally got the al-tv bump!
congrats to oscar-nominee @octaviaspencer! you can see her doing some of her all-time best work here at 2:15:
hmmm... get my diamond-studded vaseline jar refilled, or just toss it and get a new one? #tweetsfromtheonepercent
i'm astonished by some of these oscar snubs. really? no love for chipwrecked???
it's sandwich monday, kids! 
paul's first blog post to the corinthians #updatednewtestament
corey hart!!!  #whatitsoundslikewhenivomit
if i had a pet crab, i would totally name him thomas pynchon.
if you eliminate the possibility of social interaction with other people based purely on random criteria, i dont even want to know you.
oh, thank goodness.  now i dont have to use that pork floss anymore.
decided to do my valentines day shopping early this year. 
our family hiking motto: take only memories, leave only corpses
finally decided what im wearing to the grammys.
"mortality!  ack!!" -- cathy, on her death bed
nothing in the world makes you feel as worthless and insignificant as not finding your name at a souvenir license plate stand.
thanks, huffpo, for always filling me in on whos being attacked, slammed, ripped, bashed or blasted by whom. #themoreyouknow
if the guy at hertz rent-a-car asks if you want a hertz donut, say no.
im usually the one who winds up having to ask everybodys weight to make sure the elevators carrying a permissible load.
hey, come on, @iamdoncheadle, i would be great in oceans 14! #houseofliespremiere
look, buddy, this does not belong to you, okay?? 
i can't believe target already has their christmas decorations up.
every new years eve for the rest of my life is gonna suck. 
teenage me and present-day me were both insanely happy to spend new years eve with these guys.
just checking - you do know what "santorum" means, right? rt @rupertmurdoch good to see santorum surging in iowa.
well... at least i'll be able to get one more year out of this stupid mayan calendar.
everybody, please calm down.  i am not divorcing katy perry.
out of all the days of 2011, today is definitely the penultimate!!!
does anybody know the expiration on whoop-ass?  i opened a can last week and im not sure if its still good.
so sad.  i was hoping sinead o'connor's marriage would at least last a quarter kardash.
it's called boxing day. #waronboxingday rt @foxnews they call it 'mega monday' ... will you be out on the last big shopping day of the year?
best christmas ever.
from my family to yours, a happy boxing day eve to one and all!
poor mans imax: just sit really close to the screen! #moviegoingtips
to all the people who just "can't wait" to see the "polka face" video, good news - it's coming out 3 months ago!
a couple behind-the-scenes pics from the polka face music video:
freudian frozen food
i certainly dont wish him any harm, but if abe vigoda is ever gored to death by a wild rhinoceros, ive got a great tweet for that.
how fortuitous that a guy named mr. pineapple wound up with a job that involves the retail sale of pineapples.
how could i possibly refuse that?
please welcome to twitter: children's book author, greeting card magnate and all-around cool person @sandyboynton!
i'm sorry, but i find this new ad campaign highly inappropriate.
i accidentally watched a few seconds of real housewives of beverly hills. #silkwoodshower #stillnotclean
i think televised golf would be more fun to watch if they had color commentary by that hindenburg announcer guy.
decisions, decisions...
time lapse video of a typical day on stage for my road crew:
fyi:
spielberg totally blew it - instead of war horse, he shouldve just done saving private ryan: the squeakquel.
it's visit @ericstonestreet at work day!!
just saw a screening of the movie young adult - @pattonoswalt is a-ma-zing.
just saw a "for your consideration" oscar ad for green lantern. ha! best picture? with jack and jill out this year??
attention, holiday shoppers!  only 3 deci-kardashians left till christmas!
wait a minute - i just noticed that i'm nominated twice - also for best short form music video for "perform this way"... holy cow!!!!!
yay!  thrilled to announce that alpocalypse just got a grammy nomination for best comedy album!
behold and tremble in the presence of the mighty hammer of justice!  
move aside, meryl streep. im playing the part of banana man tonight on cartoon networks adventure time!
just now realized that the go-gos have a grammatically incorrect band name (unless theyre trying to imply that they belong to the go-go).
it has been pointed out to me that my last tweet is uncomfortably similar to a superior joke by my friend @emophilips. my apologies, emo.
black friday? more like plaque friday!  my dentist, right before i beat him senseless.
happy thanksgiving (or, as it's known outside the u.s., thursday)!
i think no further proof is necessary that i belong on an episode of hoarders.
i like the cover of michele bachmanns new book. so glad they were able to photoshop the crazy out of her eyes.
thanks for the personalized welcome, mickey!  
@leeunkrich first an oscar, and now this?  congrats!! 
recently paid a visit to sklarbro country to hang with the hilarious @sklarbrothers:
even though @beyonce has nearly 2 million followers, she has never tweeted once. very zen. take note, @dalailama!
i honestly dont get the ads for the new twilight movie: half of all vampire marriages end in sweatpants??
thanks, lisa! 
oreo speedwagon #classicrockcookies
my 2011 tour ends tonight at the beautiful pantages theatre in l. a. - big thanks to everybody that came out to a show this year!
you cant fool me  no matter how many people are in it, its not a drum circle. its a drum polygon.
eddie murphy drops out of oscars telecast. your move,yahoo serious.
here's where i am today. could not be more excited.
@stevemartintogo mitt romney is an anagram for both omit my rent and yo, mr. tit men!
tough week for dr. conrad murray. i hear he also just got a really bad yelp review.
okay, on 3, everybody yell out your favorite moon of jupiter 1 2 3 callisto!!!
send a powerful message today by withdrawing all your money from the bank and spending it on weird al merchandise.
shhh! we're trying not to call attention to ourselves! rt @gabester this is the @alyankovic tour bus
oakland, ca!  come for the riots, stay for the weird al show!
remember back in the '80s when i unsuccessfully tried to start my own 24-hour news channel?
72 days is now an official unit of time known as a kardash.
the best halloween costumes of 2011, part deux:
i think hollywood should do yet another reboot of footloose, except this time focusing more on the horrible effects of leprosy.
if you had the incredibly bad fortune to miss my comedy central special a few weeks ago, guess what? it's on again tonight!
in case you haven't settled on your halloween costume yet, here are some great ideas:
thank goodness @huffingtonpost has the journalistic integrity to cover the nation's most pressing story:
really, twitter?  my daughter is similar to @perezhilton??
see if you can spot me in this picture.
a dying medium is singlehandedly resurrected by mr. @pattonoswalt, who guest-edits the new spin magazine (out now).
ill be making a cameo tonight on himym (thats my space-saving way of indicating the television program known as how i met your mother).
aww - thanks so much for all the birthday wishes!  in lieu of donating money to a worthy charity, please shower me with extravagant gifts.
remember the days before personal computers, when we would just go around double-clicking on random objects?
they really should make sextuple stuf oreos.  6x the cream filling, plus, yknow it sounds pretty kinky.
not to be bitter of anything, but herman cain totally ripped off my imagine theres no pizza song.
it's 2011 - when is the naacp ever going to change its name?  are they still trying to use up all the old stationery first?
thanks to the harvard lampoon for making me an honorary member!
ah, another never-to-be-regretted life choice...
starting to develop a nervous tic.
yeah i think i might just stick with the bottled water here.
next time netflix wants to make a rash, impulsive decision, maybe they should just buy a puppy or get a tattoo. #ripqwikster
if i ever were to open up a store that sold nothing but bottled saliva, id definitely name it great expectorations. #milliondollaridea
me, in 1985, on the set of how i met your mother.
spoiler alert: unrefrigerated milk goes bad quickly.
wait, whitney cummings has a sitcom?  why didnt anybody ever tell me??
the alpocalypse tour dvd & blu-ray is out today! includes an hour of concert stuff not in the cc special.  consume!
note to hank williams jr: i just dm'd obama, and fwiw, he thought the nazis were way, way out of line with that whole holocaust thing.
wow!  thanks so much for all the wonderful reviews!!!  get ready for my next televised concert special in 2022!
west coast!  are you ready for my comedy central special??  no?  well, hurry up, it starts in 5 minutes.  #weirdal
wow after a lifetime of hard work, ive finally made it to basic cable!  my comedy central concert starts now (east coast)! #weirdal
not sure if ive mentioned this, but the alpocalypse tour debuts on comedy central in just a couple hours! (9:00 et/pt, 8:00 central)
dont forget, ill be live-tweeting the dr. who season finale tonight during my comedy central special.  #notreally
heres another clip from my comedy central special, which airs tomorrow night!
my pal elvis
i asked my cable company for a window of time when the repair guy would show up.  apparently itll be sometime during the cenozoic era.
dont feel obligated to watch my "alpocalypse tour" special on comedy central this saturday night at 9/8c.  just dvr it and watch it later.
this is why the terrorists hate us.
listen, im only going to tell you 80 more times: my comedy central special airs this saturday night!
childrens book or german porn?
if you werent able to view my polka face video before (im looking at you, canada & the uk), see if this works:
well, im certainly not spartacus!  some guy in the crowd who clearly doesnt understand memes
ralph macchiato #karatekidthemedcoffeedrinks
one of my favorite things about austin, texas?  their world-famous accordion cake, of course!
here's a sneak peek at my comedy central special:
you can fool some of the people all of the time, and okay, lets just go with that one.  rupert murdoch
breaking: netflix splits off into a third company called vernster where you can rent nothing but ernest p. worrell movies for $5 a month.
i keep getting these creepy late-night phone calls from the ceo of netflix saying that no one else is ever going to love me like he does.
i dont need washboard abs.  ive got front-loading energy star-compliant abs.
next time youre in hollywood, be sure to visit the serial killer walk of fame.
rest in peace, taylor.
nature is gross! #unsuccessfuldiscoverychannelpitches
pose!  pose again!  do another pose!  -  inarticulate fashion photographer
finally had "the talk" with my daughter about the birds & bees.  hardest part was explaining the whips and handcuffs.
spinning around in circles until you pass out is still free and legal.  #crackiswack #hugsnotdrugs #clickitorticket
vegas, baby!
ill be doing a 2-month concert tour starting wait for it wait for it now.
oh, that banksy!
ive got this horrible feeling that the vhs tape rewinder i bought in the 80s is starting to lose some of its resale value.
after my last checkup, my dentist specifically recommended that i get one of these:
hey mr. tambourine man, guess what?  all of your songs pretty much sound the same.  you play a stinking tambourine.
i know our economy is messed up, but i still think its ridiculous to charge almost 200 bucks for a side of soup.
ever try to redeem a good for one back massage coupon from a woman 15 years after youve broken up with her?  awkward!
can you believe somebody was just throwing this away?
big pimpin'!
i think the movie bewitched wouldve been a lot better if @jimcarrey replaced will ferrell halfway through and nobody said a word about it.
a three hour tour...
you can do better than that.  rt @dalailama: he who smelt it, dealt it.
funny thing... once somebody mentions ivy-covered penis, you start seeing ivy-covered penises everywhere.
charter members of the tiny umbrella appreciation society
i just watched source code on dvd  it all seemed completely believable until i saw jake gyllenhaal using bing as his search engine.
thought i was done releasing stuff this year?  well, you were wrong! 
i have it on good authority that eddie vedders next solo record will be recorded with nothing but a vuvuzela and a jaw harp.
@mkupperman just fyi, you're following a fake account - @alyankovico is not me.  or anybody i know.
just found out that starbucks has a secret menu.  if you order a dirty chai latte you get a non-fat chai latte with rat feces.  who knew?
it pains me to know that in the inevitable cake vs pie war of 2012, @pftompkins and i will be fighting on opposite sides of the battle line.
stoopid monkey just dropped by my house. hilarity threatened to ensue. 
i strongly support and endorse the movement to completely abolish road work in our time.
what? you can pre-order my live! the alpocalypse tour dvd and/or blu-ray right now??
hey california!  new concerts dates just announced, including the pantages theatre in hollywood!
heres the cover for my dvd/blu-ray (out oct. 4) illustrated by the legendary rock poster artist coop:
its official  ive got a big comedy central special and live concert dvd/blu-ray coming out in october!
i just explained to my daughter that rain is actually cloud pee.  that's accurate, right?
my wife just got an emo philips haircut.  after all these years, she still knows how to turn me on.
im so glad the media has finally stopped talking about that fatty arbuckle thing.
proof i'm getting old:  my first thought was, "man, that coffee drink looks goooood..."
not to be bitter or anything, but i can't believe paul mccartney made the cover of polka magazine before i did.
so, this just happened. #montreal #justforlaughs
i try to be respectful of people expressing their religious beliefs, but
get on the 101 freeway at highland, get off at barham. #reallifefrogger
in the editing room with wayne isham. he's worn this shirt for the last 5 days.
the pressure continues to build for right said fred's follow-up hit.  take your time, guys, i'm sure it's gonna be awesome.
this new hipstamatic setting is pretty cool.
yikes.  does anybody look attractive in an airplane lavatory mirror? #horrorshow
archival footage of one of my earliest gigs (1912):
.@sethgreen, @wizmatts & @cyborgturkey announce the premiere of the stoopid monkey channel!
dear vicki lawrence, re: "the night the lights went out in georgia" - is it "and he started to shake" or "andy started to shake"? confusing!
behind the scenes at my album cover photo shoot:
i'm thrilled to announce wayne isham (one of my all-time favorite directors) will be shooting my concert special (in toronto on july 16).
my very first all-haiku interview:
i'll bet i wouldn't have gotten all these dirty looks from setting off firecrackers in a public place yesterday. #timingiseverything
i trust that, like all patriotic american citizens, you will celebrate tomorrows holiday by watching my appearance on the view.
happy birthday to @suzanneyankovic and happy deathday to jimmy stewart.
if they can put a man on the moon, why can't they put a koala bear on the moon? #burningquestions
more info about me than youd ever want to know:
sorry - does this link work any better, non-u.s. people? 
just wanted to give you a heads-up that ill be on @conanobrien tonight.  (on his show, you pervs!!)
im very happy to announce that #alpocalypse will debut at number 9 on billboard  my highest chart position ever.  thanks, everybody!!!
with all the cataclysmic changes in this world, it does my heart good to know that @billgates is still following @ashleytisdale on twitter.
i like to think i'm a pretty honest person, except when my dental hygienist asks me how often i've been flossing.
loved the fox news album review: "how can he possibly be funny? he's old!"
common review for #alpocalypse: "it's really good, but not nearly as great as (whichever weird al record i listened to when i was 12)"
dang it!!  they already closed 10 minutes ago.
my daughter loves her new playhouse!  #recycledvideoprops
okay, lesson learned.  never trust a naked cab driver.
my new blog posting - alpocalypse now!!  is up.  read it, wont you?
big thanks to @jimmyfallon, @questlove & the roots for an insanely fun time yesterday.
the day has finally arrived! its rebecca blacks birthday!!! oh, and my new album is out.
if your eyeballs haven't been traumatized by it yet, check out my new video for "perform this way":
people outside the u.s. - can you see this version?
so, heres my new music video.
i've decided that the only purchases i'll make for the rest of my life will be from mini-bars and the skymall catalogue.
remember, always operate heavy machinery on drugs. (or is it never?  i forget, one of the two.)
ill be sitting in with @questlove and the roots this monday night on late night with @jimmyfallon.  @thomaslennons on the show too!
my new video for "perform this way" will world-premiere on monday, but you can see a sneak peek right now:
im amused by how many ways people in the media have already found to misspell alpocalypse.
wow, this backstage dressing room is more "rock 'n' roll" than i'm used to - no shower, but they have a "used needles" depository. #true
fyi, here's 25 things you don't know about me. 
i want to be the first director to shoot a movie in a 3:8 aspect ratio (all the action takes place inside a door frame). #suckitspielberg
guess what?  i've got an app! 
canadians: stop whining.  here ya go. 
here's a more direct link.  enjoy. 
can't wait to hear my new album?  fine, don't. 
just got a copy of the backstage rider for the performing whale at sea world. yep: plankton.
okay, last time, i promise  supposedly the site wont crash now.  #alpocalypse pre-order link:
as a public service, i present my personal hair-care tips:
alexander hamilton was never actually a u.s. president either - so why can't fabio's picture be on the $10 bill?
my second-favorite album being released this month:
well well well... look what just showed up on my doorstep!
new york times, y'all! 
i can't believe i never got around to picking up those human centipede action figures at burger king. #ebay
the #alpocalypse is just 2 weeks away are you ready??
its official  theres going to be a music video for every single song on my new album.  #overkill
i wonder if red skelton was bitter about never being invited into sinatras rat pack. #thingsthatkeepmeupatnight
hey toronto!  i'm doing a big tv taping at massey hall next month!  why would you want to miss that?? 
you know the old saying: go to bed covered in honey, wake up covered in ants?  i tried it  its totally accurate!!
i dont care what it says on my tombstone, as long as its not in comic sans.  #lastwillandtestament
holy cow, you guys crashed the server yesterday!  if you couldnt get through before, please try again
thank you, @ladygaga! 
my backstage rider clearly specified seedless watermelon.  might have to call off the show.
triumph the insult comic dog needs an endorsement deal with grey poupon mustard.  "hey, that's a great sandwich... for me to poupon!"
r.i.p. randy savage 
congratulations to william morris endeavor for signing their latest hot new client (me).
first show of my 2011 u.s. tour starting in 60 seconds.
just walked 2 whole blocks and didn't see a single starbucks.  where am i, communist china??
how rude!  rt @suzanneyankovic: oh, great. some idiot blocked my car in. twitpic.com/4yyndd
this @markryden piece keeps staring at me...
if i were in the food services industry, every time i completed a transaction with a customer, id yell, you got served!!
just read an article that referred to me as that zany guy with the bad perm, big nose and geeky glasses  what??   im zany??
still trying to figure out  as a streamy award winner, am i entitled to any special perks (e.g. a 10% discount at souplantation)?
if you are one of the 3 people in the world that doesnt know it yet, @thelonelyislands new album is out now! #turtleneckandchain
i'll bet osama bin laden was all like, "it's not a diary, it's a journal!"
remember back in the 80s when i wore parachute pants all the time?  yeah, um, i was doing that ironically.  #stickingwiththatstory
me, trying to explain to my daughter what a jukebox was: "you know, kinda like an 800-lb. ipod."
4-year-olds are precious, but you really shouldn't hire them to design your company logo.
i was sad because i had no shoes, until i met a man who only wore crocs.
cranking my new cd in the car. daughter in the back seat singing along at the top of her lungs. proud daddy.
cool! just found out that my "saga begins" music video will be one of the bonuses on the star wars blu-ray release! #maythefourthetc
is it just me, or was the sexual tension between @sethmeyers21 and donald trump at the #whcd just palpable?
has daryl hall seen this??  blatant copyright infringement!
if you havent seen the new arcade fire video yet, check it out  it just may blow your mind. 
just got back from the "bridesmaids" premiere.  great movie, insanely funny.  congrats @paulfeig!
working on my video budget. man, this economy - do you have any idea how much meat dresses are going for these days??
some days i find myself concurring with three 6 mafia  it really is hard out here for a pimp.
wow well, that was fast.  my @ladygaga parody perform this way is out on itunes right now:
here it is  the video youve all been waiting for.
ladies and gentlemen, i humbly present this. 
gaga update! 
so, heres my new song.
the weird al / my little pony mashup that the world has been waiting for:
extreme close-up picture of my wenus.  #nsfw
sure, it's all fun and games till somebody gets hurt.
my daughter is a yellow belt in karate now, but she still hasnt learned how to sweep the leg get on that, sensei!
hey, what are the oscar eligibility rules for short films?  my wife just made one:
boring!
hey, funny or die, no hard feelings or anything...
im starting to think that these enrique iglesias song lyrics have some kind of sexual implications.
i cant wait until i have slightly over 3.5 billion twitter followers so i can say, yeah, most people follow me.
2 million followers!  beat that, charlie sheen!!  (oh, wait, he has.  never mind.)
al pacino rarely discusses his unfortunately-named twin brothers cap and frap.
the latest rolling stone has a picture of an actual bloody severed head, but they digitally fuzz out nicki minajs plastic phallus. #values
haven't heard anything lately, but i hope by now they've determined who exactly let the dogs out and that they've been punished accordingly.
do you have pictures of me?  do you??
dear @rosie, @elizadushku, @marleematlin, @leezagibbons, etc.: sorry, but fyi @jleecurtis is a fake. (just confirmed with jamie.)
this morning my flight was delayed and they ran out of croissants in the first class lounge. beat that, louie zamperini!
my record label has respectfully requested that i bring your attention to this thing:
my wife may deny it, but the loudest i ever heard her laugh was while watching a dvd of dude, wheres my car? #marriedheranyway
i wonder why dylan doesnt perform with soy bomb anymore?  creative differences?
thanks! rt @thr: an aflac rep told the wall street journal you auditioned. we'll update our story
7 new u.s. tour dates just posted:
home at last! spent all day separating my crumpled-up newspapers from my old eyeglasses and plastic baby heads.
aaaaand thats a wrap on the australian tour!  twas a blast... thanks, mates!
yay! i finally found my one-stop shop for folding chairs and antlers.
hi there!
woman after show: "how come you didn't do 'elmo's got a gun'?" me: "that's not my song." woman: "yes it is!!!" me: "oh. i stand corrected."
what???
maybe i should license this song to aflac? 
i cant believe ive been in australia for 2 whole weeks and i havent bumped into yahoo serious yet.
you know its a classy hotel when theres a framed signed picture of the village people in your room.
hmm, never had indian food in australia before
the yumminess of a krispy kreme doughnut is inversely proportional to the amount of time its been off the assembly line. #pastrymath
omg the pilot on this flight is john travolta!!!
wow, nice concert series here in canberra: me, @benfolds and the @dalailama. 
its always been my dream to one day sell more childrens books than the president of the united states.
see if you can spot the nearly-subliminal sexual innuendo cleverly hidden in this ad:
just went through airport security in melbourne. they didn't make me take my shoes off. what kind of unholy time warp have i entered??
enjoying the sights here in melbourne
tie my kangaroo down, sport #grammaticallycorrectrolfharrissongs
i cant get any satisfaction #grammaticallycorrectstonessongs
whip it well #grammaticallycorrectdevosongs
dear australians-that-havent-figured-out-the-whole-google-thing: look, heres where and when im playing!
dear australia, because you are one of my very favorite continents, i made a brand new merch page just for you:
okay, australia, get ready... here i come!
happy birthday, @pennjillette!  just picked up your present at the store.
who has two thumbs and a brand new movie trailer? that guy (im pointing at @rainnwilson):
need to know  is it tacky to use a simpsons stamp when sending a letter to matt groening? #humblebrag
really looking forward to the blooper reel on the king's speech dvd - it's a bunch of takes of colin firth getting his lines exactly right.
127 hours is out on dvd today. im still waiting for the unabridged directors cut (where the movie unfolds in real time).
congrats to oscar winners natalie portman, colin firth, christian bale & melissa leo!!  #whywait
i'm off to deer valley - gonna hit the slopes this weekend. #notaracialslur
my pals @thelonelyisland have nicely requested that i publicize their existence on twitter.  done and done!
my daughter is so into these.
first bunch of my 2011 u.s. concert dates just announced:
somehow i can't bring myself to celebrate presidents' day, because i'm still pretty p.o.'d at franklin pierce.
cool!  ed hardy's doing water towers now!
mad fold-in creator al jaffee turns 90 on march 13. send your birthday wishes to: the big jaffeec/o mad,1700 broadway,new york, ny 10019
comparing hair with constantine at the rock of ages l.a. premiere
big misunderstanding with the wife  apparently this is the kind of dutch oven she wanted.
oh, who will be the first to make light of the fact that todays holiday has the same acronym as venereal disease?  i cant wait!
no, i'm not at the grammys today.  even better:
and the final road report:
fyi, i am legally changing my name to new york times bestselling author al yankovic.
book signing in l.a. tomorrow  2:00 at the grove (barnes & noble).  stop by and say hi.  or the kardashians win.
really, guys, this is too much
happy 10th wedding anniversary to my sweetie pumpkin @suzanneyankovic.
first in line at the apple store this morning.  #adiosatt
proud to say i am now officially a new york times bestselling author, just like john grisham and @sn00ki.
this is what it looks like when i conduct a philharmonic orchestra:
btw, christina aguilera, nice job at the super bowl, but changing the words to songs is my gig.
um... congrats? rt @djiverson: this won best tattoo at our super bowl party:
.@conanobrien questions @lisakudrow about our torrid non-affair:

a pic from 1987, when i was part of the seminal rap group yank & run dmc
in my unbiased opinion, nina yankovic's r2d2 impression killed at the 2nd grade talent show.
guess who's on the joy behar show tonight?!  nope, guess again.  no, no!  it's me!!  (cnn hln, 10 pm et/pt)
thats right.  batman, scooby doo and me. 
in honor of groundhog day, today i will promote my new book "when i grow up"... just like i did yesterday... and the day before...
just took an informal poll. this is the most popular book in new jersey.
oh, you want a link?  heres a link.
my childrens book when i grow up drops today. (that is, if childrens books do, in fact, drop)
my new book isnt supposed to be out till tuesday, but i hear some stores are selling it already anyone spotted it on the shelves yet?
just started uploading the road reports from my 1995 tour:
more in-stores announced! irvine! naperville! wheee!
just saw 127 hours.  hey, same thing happened to me once  you dont see me making a big deal about it.
i make a point of only staying in hotels that are wired with the latest bleeding-edge technology.
no #oscar nomination for mark wahlberg? i suspect its that bitter funky bunch voting bloc.
rip jack lalanne.  well, so much for that ridiculous myth that exercise is good for you.
so what do i... how do i... umm...
spent my entire morning in a trash can, talking to a drunk, roller-blading anthropomorphic christmas tree. you?
tasting the rainbow.  again.  #skittles #bestdinnerever
locked in @sethgreen's bathroom.  found his lipstick. #bestdinnerever
woops! this dinner party is going south.
my doctor just informed me that at my age i should be getting a colonoscopy every 5 hours or so.
dear cali & nj: i will sign your books.
cut the red wire or cut the blue wire??  only 10 seconds left
my first photo shoot.  (btw, these are still the same 4 faces i make in photo shoots to this day.)
ophiuchus: youll become the center of attention when you replace every square inch of your skin with plexiglass.  #newhoroscope
it's sooooo beautiful!!  what does it mean??
not sure if i should pre-order the verizon iphone.  i hear the iphone 8 (due out in 2014) will be much better.
just announced: the verizon iphone. next up: peace in the middle east. #onedownonetogo
i love listening to early beach boys.  those are the kind of harmonies you can only get from years of parental abuse.
sorry it's been so long between albums, but for the last two years i've been focusing exclusively on my twitter account.
#ff  good people to follow: everybody im following.
tat of the week
the eternal question: 
couldnt sleep  i was up all night wondering, what would joseph stalin have done for a klondike bar?
what, is there something on my face?
oops, spoke too soon the robots have become sentient and theyre trying to kill us all.  bummer.
2011 rocks!!  these flying cars are awesome!!!
in just a few hours everything will be completely different.
dude! why must you always be so ironic?  rt @dalailama: as i see it, compassion is the essence of a spiritual life.
adventures in tech support  the sequel 
my wifes fingerprint = modern art.
rt @borowitzreport breaking: birthers challenge hawaii to produce statehood certificate
rt @borowitzreport breaking: birthers challenge hawaii to produce statehood certificate
years ago my wife thought the prestigious literary award was the pulit surprise cause hey, itd be a real surprise to win it, right?
mele kalikimaka, haoles!
darn tootin.  rt @elibraden: its christmas eve, not christmas steve!
i ask nicely, you ask nicely, we all ask nicely for ice cream!  #takeitdownanotch
hurry!  only 6 weeks left to pre-order 9780061926914!
ouch.
just to keep things simple, im getting everyone on my christmas list the same thing this year (large hadron colliders).
after all this time i finally realized that donkey kong is totally pandering to stoners.
you dont have to ask me twice.
four band members on the type of balding-but-still-long hair is a tangle of hits achieved by the polka-shredder. #googletranslatereviews
a filthy, filthy weird al jumps and dances with the famous black fatsuit and wobbly chin. #googletranslatereviews
ive been using google translate to read my concert reviews from amsterdam. very enlightening. here are my favorite lines
if a bomb had dropped on the ucb theatre last night, today gallagher would be the funniest person in america.
this was on my dressing room door in amsterdam.  i guess it must be the language barrier.
time travelers from the 1940s would scarcely recognize the coffee of the future.
psst!  heres a sneak peek at my new book:
free speech hero or traitor/rapist?  i guess the jury's still out on @realcarrottop.
thank you, uk!  that was insanely fun.  let's not wait another 30 years to do it again!
backstage in london with @chrisdjmoyles, @robertpopper & @rich_fulcher.
when i sing frank's 2000" tv in the uk, should i be converting it to metric?
is this where brr-brr carpet comes from?  #worstpunoftheday
if only there was a way to search for it on the internet... rt @paul_baggarley uk tour! where can i get info regarding dates & venues?
thanks @chrisdjmoyles for a great time this morning - looking forward to my first-ever european show tonight!
my uk merch site is now operational  go forth and consume!
i was asked to do a self-portrait for mojo magazine.
just went through airport security at lax. nobody touched my junk. #enormousletdown
comedy death ray celebrates the 25.75 year anniversary of we are the world:
so sad to hear about leslie nielsen. truly one of the greats. rip.
nothing like growing avocados in your own back yard.
no, you have a happy!
many thanks!  rt @vvnmusic: hi al. i apologize for the inaccurate headline. i've changed it on the site.
wow, my wife really over-did it this thanksgiving.
the black eyed peas' new collection-of-soon-to-be-corporate-jingles drops on tuesday!
i cant believe most people are just now figuring out that my greatest hits album syncs up perfectly with apocalypse now.
hey @barackobama, is the third number in the nuclear launch code supposed to be a 6 or an 8?
any time i see anybody walking anywhere holding a cup of coffee, all i can think is, theyre so lucky! #1stsignsofaddiction
hurry!  only 24 more shopping days until december 12!!!
australian dates announced!
thank you, itunes!  ive been very interested to hear these beatles that everybodys been talking about.
the release of my childrens book has been pushed up to feb. 1. #newsthatshooktheworld 
today is the day that the shelter would have put down our new dog.  you hear that, bambu?? you owe me!!
the music biz is pretty rough these days... i wonder how the band survivor is doing?
new album update: just finished mastering (and sequencing) tracks 2-12.  track 1 is yet to be conceptualized.  #workingonit
great to see conan back on tv. 
just got major attitude from some bank teller (who obviously isnt as big a fan of mexican wresting as i am).
and the best part is you wont look like a jerk.
hello, austin!
barrymania erupts as @toddbarry hits the stage!  #austin #funfunfunfest
another slice of my pathetic life awesomely animated by @doogtoons:
looking forward to rocking the house with @toddbarry and @nerdist friday night!  #austin #funfunfunfest
the awesome @rainnwilson wrote an awesome book. it's true!  why would i lie about that? 
@plymptoons fans in l.a.: bill's new animated film "idiots and angels" will only be at the laemmle for another couple days... so get on it!
the scariest halloween costumes of 2010:
i knew that old dinosaur mask would come in handy someday. 
i didnt know you were ever alive.  rt @patdollard: i didn't know you were still alive.
whoops, sorry, wrong picture.  heres our new dog bambu.
just brought home a pet from a local shelter.  meet the newest member of our family:
where my nerds at?? (answer: #w00tstock) great fun  got to hang with old friends, and meet @donttrythis!
working on my big macarena parody.  thats still relevant, right?
i'll bet that right now, somewhere in a secret underground bunker, yakov smirnoff is planning his big comeback.
if you're following more than 1,000 people on twitter, you're not really "following" anybody at all.  #themoreyouknow
dropping in holland today! 
having a wonderful time celebrating @grantimaharas birthday.  #broccoli #beer
attention stalkers: ill be seeing firesign theatre perform at the barnsdall gallery theatre tonight.
@juddapatow  sorry, but hey... i waved for you!
the view from my seat...
tonight ill be working the phone bank for night of too many stars.  call in, say hi, and support autism education!  #notms
re: signing a contract with satan  never use your own blood, just regular ink.  #hollywoodtips
the essential weird al yankovic cd is out in the uk today!  and out in the netherlands on the 25th!  #tackyselfpromotion!
since it hasnt been manufactured in years, im concerned that many now cant accurately distinguish between shinola and fecal matter.
im recording the audio version of my new book today. great news for people too busy to read a 32-page childrens picture book.
rt @geofftherobot: hey al, you played zydeco on my ribs at the red premiere and it airs tonight on late late with @craigyferg!
wow, i can't believe how quickly they were able to rush this mel gibson biopic into theatres.
okay, fine, tom, stop groveling, i'll follow you on twitter.
borg 9!!!
hanging with a friend at the red premiere...
happy 10/10/10 - the last binary calendar date until... well, tomorrow.
lookit! i'm doing commentary for the simpsons season 14 dvd!
the essential weird al yankovic will be released in the uk on oct. 18  but hey, you can pre-order now!
yes... the amazing @vonswank! rt @gregmethod: um....well then....can you at least tell us who's the photographer?
im shooting the cover for my new album today! (no, its not done yet. no, i dont have a release date.)
im not really sure what kind of funeral service id like. surprise me.
happy to announce that the great bill plympton is doing another music video for me!
just got into a heated argument with the disembodied head of christian slater.
my fat suit is currently in the process of being refurbished. new & improved man-boobs, yall!
i sneaked into john travoltas house and took a picture of him while he was sleeping. hope hes cool with it.
my latest experience with tech support:
just confirmed  im doing my first-ever show in amsterdam on dec. 8!
sorry, uk dates were screwed up.  it's fixed now:
more uk dates! tickets on sale tomorrow morning:
i am advocating stronger legislation for turnip truck safety. imagine how many people must have fallen off for that to become a clich.
astronomers in greenwich have recently determined that a cotton pickin minute is actually 60.14978 seconds.
speaking of weird al impersonators, be sure to support your local one in the upcoming elections.
finally decided on my halloween costume this year.  im going as a weird al impersonator.
any time i have to merge into a line of traffic in a zipper-like fashion, i always chant "y-k-k! y-k-k!" #isitjustme?
epic fail!!
if you had told me when i was a kid that one day the president would be following me on twitter, i would have said wtf is twitter?
oh, inertia. you win again.
welcome to twitter (finally)... mr. @sethgreen!
my entire life has been building up to this: yes, i am the geek of the week.
perhaps its time to retire from the song parody biz  i cant compete with this southwest airlines flight attendant!
i guess the klingons are supposed to be an advanced race, but they obviously havent discovered botox yet.
fwiw, i now have an official "artist account" on ping.  (yeah, my label had to set it up.)  prepare to be underwhelmed!
on second thought, it actually might behoove you to fear the reaper a little bit.  #rockretractions
you do not want to mess with a dude thats carrying one of these
wow.  @stevemartintogo, welcome to twitter.
just another day on the farm.
rt @seetheflow:  yesterday my friend told me i don't understand irony, which is ironic because we were eating ice cream at the time!
r.i.p. kevin mccarthy (star of the original invasion of the body snatchers and uhf's own r.j. fletcher).  a great man - he will be missed.
whenever i hear somebody use the word literally incorrectly, it literally makes my brain explode.
hey, you know what would be a really cool subject matter for a movie and/or tv show?  vampires.
the latest @hansonmusic video, now with more al:
permanent autograph by your left nipple?  excellent choice.
next up: austin in nov. and the uk in dec.! 
our summer 2010 tour is now history. what fun... big thanks to everyone who came out to see the live show!
hmm, itunes 10 now has my albums listed alphabetically under w funny, i dont remember changing my last name to wankovic.
i still can't yell "hello cleveland!" on stage without feeling like i've wandered into the movie spinal tap.
in cleveland, at the rock 'n' roll hall of fame.  can't seem to find the weird al shrine... gotta be here somewhere.
in minneapolis.  getting ready to rock 15,000 people.  including @billcorbett.
just spent the whole morning training these ducks to form an equilateral triangle.
some new awesomeness from @benfolds, nick hornby & @pomplamoose:
i hope i win! rt @funfunfunfest: today @ 4pm cst - swords and shields of #weirdal trivia will collide once more. #f3f
my limited edition essentials 3.0 collection drops tomorrow.
congrats to aaron paul on his emmy win tonight!  still think this is his best role, though: 
woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning.  had no idea there were so many dust bunnies under there.
my favorite mash-up of the week:
at the uptown theatre in kansas city tonight. but for the next 15 minutes i'm at lax. 310-216-1756.
i'm gonna rock out with my hawk out.
wowie wow wow!  rt @davidwain: hell freezes over! the state album coming september 14!
i'm deeply sorry.  rt @jennylennon: "look what's happened to me since seeing @alyankovic" - oliver lennon 
backstage w/ @thomaslennon, @jennylennon, @rainnwilson, holiday reinhorn, @lynchland & laraine newman
my daughter made her first-ever on-stage appearance last night.
backstage in henderson, nv - nice weird al shrine!
hope i'm not late to my henderson, nv show - i'm traveling by kayak.
honey, can we keep it?  it followed me home
if cbs really wanted to properly reboot hawaii five-o, they should've just hired the cast of reno 911.  #missedopportunity
great to be home for the first time in 2 months.  just wish i hadnt left the iron on.
will you pesky kids please stop hitting me in the crotch with a sledgehammer??
on my way back to socal - 2 big shows at the pacific amphitheatre this weekend!  right next door to "al's brain in 3-d"!  wheee!
twitter knows what you need.  rt @addiewilliams: twitter keeps suggesting that i follow @alyankovic - not sure how to feel about this.
it's always good to be prepared in the event of an emergency.
do not click this link if you dont want to see me getting interviewed on a merry-go-round.
i&#039;m hanging out at apple headquarters. (no, really.)
i&#039;m hanging out at apple headquarters. (no, really.)
happy birthday, @thomaslennon!
i'm ready, snoop!  rt @snoopdogg: when we gonna make this happen???
which parts of my live show wouldnt go over well with a uk audience (because they wouldnt understand the reference)?
real question for anybody that has been to one of my concerts this year and is also familiar with british pop culture (see next tweet)
at the airport, going to winnipeg. wanna chat? for the next 30 minutes i'll be at 503-249-9577.
maybe someday when i get really famous, they&#039;ll spell my name correctly.
been waiting over an hour for someone to help me here at the apple store.
new (and probably final) north american tour date just added!
why can't we have this much love and understanding for sharks all year round?  #sharkweek
wow.  concert attendance tonight: 9,742.  thank you, redmond, oregon!
i thought i told you i wanted the large popcorn!
happy national lasagna day. 
just had the deep-fried snack trio at sonic.  wait for it... wait for it... annnnnd... heart failure.
just for the record, i've never let pigeons pooping in my bass player's mouth stop my live show.
great to be here in boca raton (spanish for "rat's mouth"). definitely my favorite city named after a rodent orifice.
you see the most incredibly beautiful, awe-inspiring sights when traveling around the country.
just finished watching every season of breaking bad, mad men and the wire.  #tourbuscouchpotato
if you're not excited about this, there is something wrong with you. rt @robertpopper: look around you s1 is out on us dvd today!
we're not sure what they really are, but we like to call them "batteries" and "cameras"
4 new tour dates added! (including milwaukee again!)  
thank you, texas!  heads up, florida, here i come!
interesting poster for my show tonight in houston
the oc fair starts today  and so does another run of als brain in 3-d! 
rt @hansonmusic: had a great time at the weird al show. al you set the bar high.
heres the cover of my childrens book (out next march on harpercollins)
ive got a feeling were not in kansas anymore. oh wait, my bad, we are in kansas. (show tonight in wichita)
kinda feels pointless for me to even tweet today, what with the internet being dead and all.  #princenailedit
i think "vince gets a haircut" is my favorite crazy entourage plot twist yet!
be afraid.  be very afraid.
is it okay for vegetarians to eat tofu nut loaf from a bowl made out of a monkeys skull?  #justchecking
my daughter has already picked out her costume for halloween this year.
i hope she never regrets getting that weird al tramp stamp #thinkbeforeyoutattoo
rt @avclubchicago: how @alyankovic took over the world on the back of mtv, the internet, and preemptive nerd-rage.
how come people in movies and tv shows never say goodbye at  the end of a phone call?  #petpeeve
i think i just signed autographs for every single resident of watertown, ny.  thanks, fun night!
just chillin'.
when exactly does "the ice cream of the future" become "the ice cream of the present"? #dippindots
happy birthday to the lovely and talented @suzanneyankovic.  #legalfor30yearsnow
i will sign autographs or take pics with every single person that comes to my show in watertown, ny on monday. #notjoking
weird al shreds!!! 
made you look!
dear new jersey: thanks for a great time last night.  don't worry, i still respect you.
my label wants to re-release my essentials collection with a bonus disc - which tracks would you like to see on it?
doing a whirly gig (rotating stage) in westbury, ny tonight.  gotta remember to take my motion sickness pills.
al unplugged! 
trying to be incognito.
rt @hansonmusic: fav tshirt ever, from al's bunker/garage, thanks al
last-minute new jersey venue change!
just rocked the offices of npr... #tinydeskconcerts
playing washington dc tonight.  hey @barackobama, if you dm me i'll see if i can get you some tickets for half price.
okay, the diet's over.
wait a minute, where am i?  rehoboth beach, delaware??  i must be on the road!
tickets to my london show go on sale tomorrow morning! 
getting on a plane right now.  won't see my house again till september. the tour begins. #woo!
back at lax - if you want to chat, for the next 25 minutes i'll be at this phone booth: (310)665-9476.
thanks @leeunkrich and congrats on another phenomenal film! #toystory3
really - has pixar ever made a movie that hasnt been astoundingly good?  (answer: no)
getting ready to brave the red carpet at the toy story 3 premiere.
thanks again to @hansonmusic for dropping by yankland!
i'll be doing a live satellite broadcast (from my house!) on
thank you, london!! pre-sale tickets sold out in a few hours... so they added some more:
pre-sale tickets for my dec. 6 show at the london forum are available right now.
radio interviews tomorrow morning: wrfy, wgls, wvlt, wtks, wstw, wgmd, kpnt & kmox.  #wakeup&bewacky
brilliant! i see it as kind of a cross between shrek 2 and shrek 4.  rt @badbanana: movie idea: shrek 5.
how come mtv has a movie awards show?  is it because they dont really play movies either?
my dec. 6 london show will be at the forum.  pre-sale tickets available at
wow  looks like the new iphone will be able to do everything except make phone calls that dont get dropped. #at&t
hey, uk!  not only will i be playing the atp festival on 12/5, but i'll also be playing london on 12/6!!  more details soon...
the end of an era.
eenie, meenie, minie...
im growing a beard for a movie. just thought it would be fun to have one when i go see toy story 3.
dear fans and friends in the uk... guess what?? 
in some primitive cultures, there is nothing more offensive or hurtful than describing someone as being "so 2000-and-late"
sometimes i sit and ponder the mathematical impossibility of my very existence, and other times i just think about wheat thins.
just finished 2 more songs for the next album.  9 down, 3 more to go!
how come every morning i weigh a pound less than i did before i went to bed?  am i evaporating in my sleep?
we should jam sometime!  rt @conanobrien: tonight i perform in the talent show at my college reunion... i'm bringing my accordion.
rt @neil_hamburger: every time a new american idol is crowned, there's one less indian casino booking available for the little river band.
for all you @markryden fans, im linkin pink lincoln:
hey @peeweeherman, good luck on your broadway run. could you now rt this, and add your pithy one-word comment?
accidentally smashed my wife's rolex. #notexpectingsympathy
i love you, austin!  thanks for keeping it weird!
killing time at lax.  if you want to talk to me, for the next 15 minutes i'll be at this pay phone: (310)642-9462
feelin' the love from @theonion's avclub:
i've been thinking an awful lot about this, but i'm pretty sure my favorite wookiee is chewbacca.  #unnecessaryhashtag
day two on @theellenshow underwear. accessorizing with my simpsons robe. #notleavingthehouse
for those of you keeping track, today i shall be wearing my @theellenshow boxer briefs.
i'm starting to get the weird feeling that @brentspiner is following my wife.  #restrainingorder
i'll be live on cdr radio today (indie1031.com) with the lovely @scottaukerman and the talented @garfunkeloates
rt @phirm: direct messages to @cleo #yearslaterbands
i can actually feel my testosterone level plunge whenever a commercial for sex and the city 2 comes on tv.
was my last tweet that offensive?  looks like i've lost every single one of my followers.
dvr alert: this friday night im on @robhuebel and @rubenfleischers hold-up on @hbos @funnyordie presents!
happy mothers day! 
heading into the studio with the band today  gonna knock out two more songs before we hit the road next month.
it was a fun surprise being name-checked on "the office" last night.  hey, spice girls, if you ever do want to open for me... let's talk.
you havent truly made it in show biz until a restaurant names a tamale pie special after you.
art by mad magazine's tom richmond:
turns out the tv show fox & friends is a complete rip-off.  i smell intellectual property lawsuit!
im looking for a nice family movie to take my daughter to.  the human centipede sounds cute  anybody seen it?
just watched my buddy seth green get married. beautiful wedding. much love to him and his lovely bride clare.
i finally got tired of people urinating on my lawn, so i decided to do something about it.
now, this is just weird... i clicked on a link to see a rick astley video, and instead a video i actually wanted to see started playing.
the street sign that inspired a thousand porn soundtracks
if my recording career ever tanks, maybe i can get a job writing food-based song parodies for trader joes.
i have to assume the movie kick-ass is a period piece  like, from the days when people actually used myspace.
hey, florida!  5 new shows just announced! 
you can remove unsightly blemishes with an ordinary cheese grater.  #householdhints
dirt! the movie is now hitting theatres  but make no mistake, i did my documentary first:
oh no... it's the dreaded tweet #666 - the tweet of the beast!  #sataneatscheesewhiz
has anybody ever purchased a bottle of effen vodka who is not titillated by lame double entendres?
i apologize for one of my tweets yesterday.  it was unfair to both the ad agency and to 12-year-olds everywhere.  so allow me to rephrase...
dear people responsible for the effen vodka ad campaign: what are you, 12?
you do know the legendary @drdemento is on twitter, dont you?
is this the version with dennis hopper as stanley spadowski? rt @therealhoov: i hate all these remakes!
wow - whos that sexy, sexy tambourine player in the new hanson video?
i would tweet more often, but @barackobama is following me, and i dont want to be too much of a distraction.
thinking about writing a self-help book: "releasing your inner kraken"
@alyankovic this streamy's for you!! congrats /cc @knowyourmeme 
my plane just touched down in l.a. - i won a streamy award??  that's insane!  thanks to the know your meme team for accepting on my behalf.
warning: @parishilton just surpassed @whitehouse in number of twitter followers.  #apocalypse
roly poly fish heads are never seen drinking cappuccino in italian restaurants with asian women. #politicallycorrectsongs
help me settle a bet - "the flying nun" tv show was based on the adventures of an actual flying nun, right?
im thrilled that my 7-year-old has such good musical taste, but ive listened to the sun is a mass of incandescent gas 100x this week.
happy cinco de abril, everybody!
fyi... a peeps burrito is not as good as it sounds.
getting kind of hungry.  can anybody recommend any food?
seriously, is the marriage ref any good?  after the first 10 seconds, i always slash my wrists and pass out.
as a wise man once said, april fools day is for amateurs. you never need an excuse to mess with people's heads.
people who say "you can't squeeze blood out of a turnip" just aren't trying hard enough.
2001: steely dan wins grammy for best album.  5 years later, pluto is declassified as a planet. coincidence???
i've said too much already... rt @cellodav: "major or minor?"
spoiler alert!  one of the songs on my next album will be in c#.
thanks, @erockappel, for directing my long-awaited biopic. better clear some room on your mantle for that oscar!! 
finally, my life story is being made into a major motion picture!
is this me on a japanese tv show in 1984, or just a really, really weird dream? 
the face i'd make right before a head-on collision is the same as the face i make every week when 30 rock segues into the marriage ref.
felt like dragging out some old home movies. 
today im giving a speech for career day in my kids 1st grade class.  too hard to explain what i do  think ill just say im an architect.
hey, buncha new tour dates just announced! 
#140tweets trailer:
season cinco of tim and eric awesome show, great job! continues tonight. perhaps uncle muscles will make an appearance...
finally following @richsommer.  see?  all you have to do is name-check me while naked on stage.  #140tweets
had a very serious discussion with the wife last night re: fergies distinction between humps and lumps.
i deeply, deeply apologize for that last tweet.  apparently, you can sell internal organs on the black market.
just picked up my hurt locker action figures from burger king.  awesome!
it's a beautiful day - think i'll fly out to tulsa and be in a hanson music video.
sorry, nobody guessed my number.  it was 6.8725439981.  thanks for playing - better luck next time!
im thinking of a number between 1 and 10.  if you guess it in the next 30 minutes, ill send you a free cd!
this monday i'll be on the season premiere of "yo gabba gabba" (which, of course, is spanish for "i gabba gabba")
often in times of adversity, i ask myself: what would fabio do?
im mortified beyond words  a weird al sex tape has hit the internet.
i think maybe ill try my hand at live theatre.  i just got an offer to star in something called puppetry of the penis
excuse me, i must go kill myself now.  rt @alexneuman: and spelling-challenged? it's intolerant...
hey, austin, tx!  heads up! 
okay, this is the last interview i'm uploading for a while.  ladies and gentlemen, jessica sampson. 
chillin' with sir paul: 
me & maddy, shootin' the breeze: 
cleaning the house - found a 10-pack of unused, brand-new blank vhs tapes.  yay!  #worthlessthannothing
sneak peek - me on yo gabba gabba! 
btw, re: "...kick 'em to the curb unless they look like mick jagger" - ke$ha fetishizes men of retirement age?
another blast from the past: my heart-to-heart chat with britney spears
my interview with the o.g. of auto-tune: 
my b.j. video (sfw): 
in honor of fat tuesday:
and now for a change of pace, heres a real interview.
mick! 
we all have cell phones.  so come on, let's get real. 
rip my dear friend doug fieger (lead singer of the knack, and the first artist ever to approve one of my parodies)
in honor of the olympics, im continuing my kooky canadians interview series: 
celine dion on power tools and cannibalism:
just started uploading high-quality versions of my old fake interviews.  like this one. 
today my daughter is the exact age i was when i had my first accordion lesson.  #tempusfugit
i'm putting together the set list for my 2010 tour tonight - which songs (other than the super-obvious ones) would you like to see included?
winner!  rt @djedi296: looks like it hit your msg-spot. 
in case you were wondering ditto for me.
thanks for all your well wishes, but i am not the new ukranian president.  some other guy. 
happy best-day-of-the-year-to-go-to-disneyland!
hey @ebertchicago, its been 20 years since uhf  you still mad at me for wasting your time?
it does have a nice ring to it. rt @mystiktomato: i hope that "untitled weird al yankovic project" is the actual title.
rt @andrewwk:  i sang a song w/ @amandapalmer, @waygerard (mcr), weird @alyankovic, francis bean cobain, tegan & sara:
dear academy voters: you pick "the hurt locker" for best picture nominee, but no love for "the squeakquel"?
the @lynchland podcasts just keep getting better.  here's the new one:
patton oswalt and i are sitting in the audience, texting each other like a couple of 12-year-old girls.
just arrived at the grammys.  so embarrassed - lady gaga and i are wearing the exact same bubble outfit.
oh man... i wish i could play you the 2 new songs we just finished mixing but youll just have to wait for the album!
theyre televising the comedy category at the grammys this year!  guess ill have to wear pants now.
it begins!  the first date of my 2010 tour has just been announced:
no.  its not polite to stare.  rt @legendofmatt: are you staring in it as well?
no, no, im directing a new movie.  in the future.  rt @aaroneves: are you going to direct monster's ball (2001)?
day off in san francisco.  cant wait to have some rice-a-roni  they make it fresh here!
at the s.f. sketchfest screening of uhf.  you really start to notice subtle details the 493rd time you see a movie.
wheeee!  look at me!  i'm goin' 1,000 miles an hour!!!  #rotationoftheearth
me.  @nerdist.  on stage.  talking.  in english.  saturday.  s.f. sketchfest.  be there.  or dont.
hey, @billgates, you seeing this???  rt @ashleytisdale: went grocery shopping and now cleaning the house!!!!
rt @ashleytisdale: gettin my nails done with nessa!!!!
glad @billgates is finally on twitter.  it takes forever to get him on the phone for tech support.
menudo doesn't seem to be as popular as they once were.  maybe they shouldn't have picked a name that starts with "meh."
i can't wait to see this "abidah" movie schwarzenegger was talking about on the golden globes.
ah, i get it now.  jays been doing a 5-year-long andy kaufman-esque prank.  hilarious! 
hey, @thebrianposehn, nice beard!  i like your facial hair too. 
wham, bam, thank you #namm!
conan: nbc's red-haired stepchild?
if by geeky you mean awesome i accept.
rt @robertpopper: robin cooper meets al yankovic
any time cnr was feeling a sense of ennui, he would bite the head off of a nearby penguin.
cnr could hammer nails with his wrist, and once he brought a baby llama back from the dead.
if you stared at charles nelson reilly for more than 20 seconds, you would suffer permanent retinal damage.
cnr would bathe daily in single-malt scotch and occasionally he wore a dickie made of human skin.
cnr once dressed up like an astronaut for an entire year, and no one said a stinking word about it.
if cnr didnt like you, he would rip out your intestines, blow them up and twist them into an animal-shaped balloon.  usually a poodle.
today is charles nelson reillys birthday.  in honor of this great holiday, i will share a few more amazing facts about cnr.
karaoke madness with ken marino, joe lo truglio & @steveagee:
i hope i dont wake up tomorrow morning and see #weirdal trending on twitter.  because that would mean im dead.
happy "binary number 30" day!  (1/11/10)
two of my pals have dvds coming out tomorrow: patton oswalts big fan and @rwzombies halloween ii
when life gives you turmeric, make coconut curry.  #oldeastindiansayingijustmadeup
with everything else he has to do, im amazed that @barackobama can find the time to follow over 743,000 people on twitter.
i like how @stuartcornfeld is limiting himself to one tweet a year.  only 248 days till the next one  cant wait!
only a few thousand people followed @jwoliner last year.  but every single one of them started a band.
can you believe there are only 30 more shopping days left until groundhog day?
happy palindrome day (01/02/2010)!  by special request:
wanna hear a year-old interview with me and the guy from fastball?  um okay then.
ahhhh, this is much better.  bite me, 2009!!
ha!  psyche!  just kidding  this is my last tweet.
this is my very last tweet of 2009.
you say potato, i also say potato.  at least we agree on something.
can't i do both? rt @atencio: don't be a jerk, watch the web soup special with @alyankovic and @nerdist tomorrow night!
great.  now theyre making us remove our pants when we go through airport security.  thanks, terrorists!
to all my gentile friends, merry christmas.  and to all my jewish friends, mele kalikimaka.
rt @suzanneyankovic:  "dear east coast: not to rub it in, but...."
dont put all your eggs in one basket is propaganda from the american council of basket makers.
what did i ever do to toronto?  rt @erica_39se: "are you going to be making it up to toronto?"
is anyone actually still making fruitcake unironically?
hmm, the shatner interview seems to have disappeared from the tv line-up - not sure why. if it doesn't air tonight, it'll be on 1/5. sorry.
just cast my grammy ballot for @carrieffisher.  sorry, jimmy carter, star wars icons trump u.s. presidents.
taking the sleigh to san diego to be in rifftrax live xmas show
unfortunately, accordion hero was not an option. 
since were already joined at the hip, ill be doing a live sit-down chat with @nerdist at the s.f. sketchfest:
i won!  i won!!!  oh wait, it's the horse.  never mind. 
i cant believe the studio made @thatkevinsmith change the title of his new movie to goofballs!  #fakerumor
i bled. 
rockin' the mic with the pixies tonight!  if you can't make it out to the show, you can watch the live stream here:
the oscars now pick 10 nominations for best picture, which means alvin & the chipmunks: the squeakquel has a fighting chance.
this might be the best weird al impersonation i've ever heard: 
"i love movies" podcast with myself, @nerdist & @dougbenson now up on itunes:
hey, how come theyre not playing videos on mtv any more?  #20yearcoma
im astounded that @thelonelyisland didnt make the cut for best comedy album for this years grammys, but
yaaaay!  just got a grammy nomination (best comedy album - "internet leaks")!
had a blast doing improv sketch comedy with steve martin & bill murray at ucb last night.  #nopics-didn'thappen
this is getting crazy - some stores already have their christmas 2010 decorations up!
me on npr's "all things considered": 
decided to celebrate thanksgiving the traditional way this year (i.e. handing out smallpox blankets to the natives).
two days till yanksgiving... better start thawing out the tofurducken.
sunday funnies 
didn't see anybody famous sitting in first class.  if this plane crashes, i am totally getting the headline!
yes, in the name of shameless promotion i am sometimes coerced into making ridiculous lists: 
so sad - he was one of the nicest guys ever. rip ken ober. 
so sad - he was one of the nicest guys ever. rip ken ober. 
an all-star comedy christmas carol:
live tv alert!  ill be interviewed by @nerdist today on g4s attack of the show!
your auto-tune lesson for the day:
fun new video from my friend thomas lee:
might take you up on that. rt @benjaminfolds: i've got a stray page 42 for a screenplay i'm not using if you want to slot that in.
finished writing the first page of a new screenplay.  whew.  just 119 left to go.
hour-long interview with me on the raw dog comedy channel (sirius #104 and xm #150) today at 6 & 9 pm est.
if you want to download that @thomaslennon/ben garant radio special as a podcast lookee here!
merry rifftrax, everyone! 
rt @thomaslennon: got home to find a copy of @alyankovic's radio special "everything you know is wrong" hosted by... me.
colonoscopy today!  jealous?
yay!  my favorite artist is now on twitter.  welcome the amazing @markryden.
our performance of cnr on late night w/ jimmy fallon: 
if you missed my interview on @latenightjimmy, well... here it is! 
look, its me and my new bffs the roots:
gonna be live on cnn in about an hour.  guess they ran out of actual news.
in nyc doing a media blitz. and maybe eating a cheese blintz. on ch. 11 news next.
aww rt @questlove: nothing scares me more than meeting any childhood musical hero for fear it'll be disaster - thank god @alyankovic is cool
i'm totally singing with the roots right now!
oh yeah.  new album out today. 
hmm... i know i had something important to say... this is really bugging me...
rt @whconn:  al, was this a promo for bad hair day?
today at 5 pm (pdt) i'll be doing my live 17-hour interview with @kevinpollak at
photoshop madness: 
thanks so much for all the wonderful birthday wishes!  i love my tweeps!
documented proof that ive suffered vandalism at the hands of @rainnwilson:
i've got the weird feeling that @rainnwilson is egging my house right now.
15 weird al cover songs:
hello from the yellow carpet! (simpsons 20th anniv. party)
rt @mattoattacko: holy crap is that some @alyankovic in my university library!?
rt @justag33k: "weird al" yankovic totally looks like john the baptist 
@serafinowiczs classic movie lines (warning: nsfw language) 
gloucester mt extra condensed.  duh.  rt @lynchland: there really needs to be a sarcasm font.
isnt it ironic that alanis morissette doesnt know the definition of the word ironic?  #funnyin1996
hope everybody has a great day analyzing and appreciating the oeuvre of home alone director chris columbus.
hey, n.y.-ers!  wanna be at my @latenightjimmy taping on the 28th?
wow.  um you know those things are permanent, right?
in case you thought i was kidding about that book thing:
rt @rainnwilson: separated at the cloning lab?
havent seen it yet, but i hear @zombieland is the best zombie-themed woody harrelson movie since the people vs. larry flynt.
rt @pftompkins: me guest-hosting comedy death ray-dio w/@alyankovic & tig notaro!
reading my pre-release copy of @theonion's "inventory."  i supplied the list: "frak boimp! the 27 all-time coolest don martin sound effects"
dude, it's friday in the uk.  rt @musicman77 @alyankovic dude, it's thursday.
#ff uk edition: @serafinowicz, @robertpopper, @edgarwright, @simonpegg, @rich_fulcher, @johncleese, @neilinnes
my childrens book is scheduled for a march 2011 release.  no, that is not a typo.
really??  wow, thanks! 
at disneyland today.  will let you know if the jungle cruise skipper throws me overboard.
i think maybe i'll try to get my next meet-and-greet sponsored by purell.
be sure to follow @lynchland for the funniest re-tweets of @serafinowicz!
it always helps to dress appropriately when you're playing beatles rock band.
i hope i live long enough to see either the end of strife in the middle east or the end of apples exclusivity deal with at&t.
annnnnnd... they're married.
in about an hour i'll be live-tweeting my cousin julie's wedding!  don't miss it... this is gonna be awesome!!!
i don't want to say anything today that might be offensive to pirate-americans.  so... happy birthday @jimmyfallon!
this would have been mildly amusing... 4 days ago.
ladies and gentlemen, behold... @emophilips!!!
doing my "al's brain at the puyallup fair" media blitz this morning.
listening to the reference discs for the essential weird al.  i hear my life passing before my ears...
working on the song that will probably close the next album - gonna be lots of production on this thing.
if i'm blushing right now, it's because i just read @idislikestephen's wonderful liner notes to the essential w.a.y.
i guess tina fey already owned the rights to "milf island."  #cougartown
trying to decide between this and just a run-of-the-mill eyeball tattoo:
reading @robertpoppers timewaster letters  all by myself.  even the big words.
oops, too late, all gone.
only 27 seconds left to purchase your "al's brain" merchandise!  hurry!
last chance to buy als brain merch online!  after tonight at midnight eastern, its gone!
insane number of cool & funny people at the l.a. premiere of "big fan." great movie, and patton oswalt is awesome.
essential w.a.y. up for pre-sale orders now!
like madonna, hitler and @michaelianblack, i've written a children's book.  out next year on harpercollins.
okay, everybody  favorite one-celled organism, amoeba or paramecium?
confirmed!  the great harry shearer tweets among us.  @letwits
the essential me!  release date!  track listing! 
from the label: "there was a scheduling mix up in australia. ep should be live today or tomorrow latest.  apologies for the delay."
if you carbon-coat every specimen to increase its scanning signalyou might be an electron microscopist. #failedjefffoxworthyroutines
brian may of queen reacts to "ringtone" (via @sonicdork):
whew.  okay, itunes-avoiders, my new ep is finally on amazon.  no more excuses!
really, amazon?  you still dont have my internet leaks ep up for sale?  good thing its available everywhere else.
halloween 2 is out tomorrow  man, waitll you see how @nerdist kills michael myers!  um spoiler alert!
ive got a bunch of radio show phoners to do tomorrow morning at 3:30 am my time.  hmm, wake up early or stay up late?
@rwzombie talks about @h2_themovie & @alyankovic on @jimmykimmellive:
grrr, my ep is still not up on amazon.  'cause apparently releasing stuff on the correct day is really hard.
uk fans, chill - my new ep will drop tomorrow there.  you guys get the extra-special "one day late" version.
funny video from @redhourben:
i suppose it would behoove me to mention that my internet leaks ep is out today.  purchase if so inclined! 
i like bananas.  #bananas
heres the unmixed, physically-deleted-from-the-master-tape buddy holly polka.
... cut out of the alternative polka at the last minute due to a misunderstanding with rivers cuomo
hey, me too!!!  rt @nerdist: i'm in that!!! rt @rwzombie: 5 more days until halloween 2 !
if you missed the world-premiere of my ringtone video, stop pouting, you can still watch it here:
tonight at 10 pm (9 pm central) ill be co-hosting current tvs supernews and premiering my brand new video!  hey hey yeah yeah yeah!!
aha!  this should dilute my lameness-factor to just above 33%...
okay, rss-lovers, fine ill post blogs at weirdal.com and mirror them on myspace.  so ill only be half lame.
its been pointed out to me that its not 2006, so from now on instead of blogging on myspace, ill do it at
my new myspace blog (yes, quaint, i know) is up.
btw, for those asking, no, that was not my foot.  that was megan fox (thanks, tmz).
that last tweet was intended to weed out the weak among my followers.  now only the strong and brave are left.  congratulations.
rt @super_josh:  the supernews / "weird al" yankovic collabo-jam! 
g-r-a-m-m-a-r.  rt @ericklind: "grammer nazis unite!!"
public service
the verdict is in - "al's brain" doesn't suck. 
its nice to get away from l.a. and spend time on a remote island, where one can focus on the truly important things in life - like twitter.
shopping trip
there is no stupid question you can ask so rhetorically that some genius won't try to answer it. #twitterlaws
there is no idiotic statement you can make so ironically that somebody won't think you're dead serious. #twitterlaws
yay, its @thomaslennon 's birthday!  honor the occasion by watching this klassic klip:
wow, can't believe how many people took that "race" thing seriously. should i have used the #irony hashtag?  sorry, @redhourben.
sorry, @danecook, the race is to one million followers.  so you'll have to get a bunch of people to unfollow you.  good luck!
okay, i am now officially racing @redhourben - first one to get a million followers wins.  wish me luck.  it's on, stiller!!
behind the scenes at @jibjab: 
i certainly hope not! 
oops, it's @mc_lars, not @mclars.  sorry, mc lars!
who's charles nelson reilly???  here, allow me... 
do you digg cnr? 
livin' off the grid!
rt @kurometarikku: good to see that @alyankovic is using the immediacy of the internet to lampoon such timely subjects as the doors and cnr
my dreams are still haunted by the image of @thegreatbermuda channeling meg white.
hey, wanna be in my new video?  the folks at @jibjab can make that happen!
my new music video world premieres in 237 minutes!  man, i can't wait to see it - the suspense is killing me!
okay, emotionally prepare yourselves, tweeps new weird al single/video drops tonight at 12:01 am pacific time.
jumping on the twitvid bandwagon...
my new single comes out on tuesday.  sure hope it doesn't suck!
hey, #alfest people!  be sure to tweet me some pics tomorrow!
depeche mode - "my own personal cheese whiz" #rejectedweirdalsongparodytitles
gonna have to limit it to one polka for my essentials collection.  "polkas on 45" or "polka your eyes out"?
tonight, online traffic school!  whee!  tomorrow morning, ungodly-early live phone interview on kroq w/ kevin & bean!  whee!
the movie "uhf" was released to an unsuspecting public exactly 20 years ago today.  #uhf
rt scooterb23: "maybe if you left james a better tip next time he bussed your table?"
"thanks for your email, but both james and i will never approve this parody to be released on any label."
in case you were hoping for "you're pitiful" to be included on my "essentials" collection, sorry, this just in from blunt's manager:
hey, isn't that giant sand sculpture that i ordered done yet? 
rt @jonahray: check out this awesome uhf poster at crazy 4 cult:
sorry, non-u.s. fans, my label has been messing with my youtube account - if you can't see my videos now, try:
in case you havent seen it yet, my new music video skipper dan is now rockin the youtubes: 
getting on a plane today - my only fear is that if it crashes, i won't be able to buy "the state" on dvd this tuesday.
big thanks to all my friends who made it to the opening of "al's brain" at the oc fair.  if you haven't seen it yet, it runs till aug. 9!
me on mj in rs 
artist extraordinaire mark ryden! 
david "bob-o the clown" bowe! 
@erockappel, @scottaukerman & @jwoliner! 
robert ben garant! 
drew carey! 
john k!
the party is under way!  look, it's judy tenuta!
on my way to oc for the big al's brain world premiere party!  will i be live-tweeting the event??  perhaps!!
live on ktla los angeles in a couple minutes.
the aja kona log 10-bit rgb codec is awesome, am i right??
happy 5th of july, everybody!
ten years ago today my wife and i went on our very first date.  still trying to impress her.  maybe if i learn how to juggle...?
a cop just gave me a ticket for rolling through a stop sign - when he should have been out looking for osama bin laden! priorities, people!
just had a soy hazelnut latte at the coffee bean on san vicente blvd. (my first time there - and they weren't snotty at all.)
yaaaarrgh!!!  #thingstosaywhilebeingimpaledthroughthechestwithatenfootjavelin
uncle muscles is back! 
just had a pleasant chat with rolling stone.  now, back to viewing spongebob.
sorry, but my feelings about the mj tragedy cannot be adequately articulated in 140 characters.
oh man.  can't believe it.  rip michael jackson.
yay, it's plug your friends day!  rt @thomaslennon: where have you been all my life? 
hey @suzanneyankovic, where'd i leave my shoes?
r.i.p. ed mcmahon 
breakfast in bed - happy fathers day! 
please welcome my friend drew carey to twitter - he's @tpirhost.
ever have your toenails painted by a 6-year-old?  it's awesome! 
rt @michaelianblack: "if you'd like to read my thoughts on weird al:
reminder: ustream/twitter live "ask al" today, 5pm-6pm pst, 8pm-9pm est!  ask questions with hashtag #weirdal 
thanks so much for all the rt-love on the new single & video, y'all!
my new video "craigslist" is now up on youtube in glorious hd!
big thanks and major props to liam "13 crowns" lynch (@lynchland to you) for doing such an outstanding job directing my new video.
new weird al video out on tuesday.  and new blog up on myspace (remember them?)
my name in lights - i've finally made it!
wow, my brain has its very own web page! 
just talked to seth green - robot chicken skate party bus tour in august, y'all!
sometimes, in my quietest moments, i wonder to myself... what is celine dion doing right now?
i'll be doing some kind of ustream/twitter live "ask al" session this tuesday (the 16th) - details to follow...
big controversy in orange county!! 
just pre-paid my grammy dues for the next 5 years.  hopefully by then right said fred will have gotten their lifetime achievement award.
taped an interview this weekend for a special feature on the upcoming "say anything" blu-ray disk.  so i get my copy for free!
@tonyhawk no way! you were in my smells like nirvana video?? how did i not know that? awesome!
schindlers list would have been so much more impactful without that blooper reel over the end credits.  #spielbergnotes
just bought plane tickets for summer vacation in hawaii.  you know what they call hawaiian shirts there?  shirts!
@mindykaling are you starting a food-based song parody war with @azizansari??  oh, snap, it's on!!
rob zombie just told me that people aren't believing @rwzombie is really him.  (it's really him.  really.)
day 2 of being without a profile pic - but i kinda like the "?" icon.  thinking of legally changing my name to el mysterioso.
rt @davidalexanderm: @alyankovic alas, you have become al blankopic.
profile pic change fail!  nooooooooo!
me and that guy from teen wolf too:
hanging with ziggy marley at the kidstock art & music festival.
i am wreck-gar. i dare to be stupid.
in the studio doing final audio mix for "al's brain in 3-d."  wonder which action hero is in the room next door today?
i think @michaelianblack and @robcorddry should have an irony-off.
at the dentist - wheee! 
hanging with 42% of the state at @thomaslennon's m day bbq.
okay, folks... the real ben folds is now on twitter: @benjaminfolds - accept no substitutes!
ben g. is not on twitter, and is therefore imaginary.  rt @blabbate: "love for tom lennon but not for ben garant? cold, al. cold."
memorial day weekend here at the grove is kinda busy - who knew?
#peoplewhoshouldbefollowingme @ericwareheim @timheidecker @michaeljnelson
dolph lundgren is in the next room. he says he will break me.
just to re-confirm, both ben and jack are not on twitter.  those accounts are lies!
me and some guy named josh:
the 30 rock synchronicity continues - just met the real jack mcbrayer:
finally - a furniture store everybody can shop at:
for some reason, i've only been able to find these yogurt flavors in west hollywood:
@steveagee so when are you doing the agee 158k?  let's gooooo!
everything in this pompeii exhibit is so old-school.  
chillin' at lacma.
okay, miss pamela exists now!  one of us!  she's @pameladesbarres.
okay, this is too weird.  apparently i actually do get referenced tonight on the real 30 rock.  had no idea.
a challenge to fake @tinafey: if i get more followers than you, you have to give me a speaking role on fake 30 rock.
wow, i have almost as many followers as the fake @tinafey!  not that i obsess over that kind of thing...
just finished mixing and mastering my 4 new songs.  they're done.  and they start dropping next month, boy-ee.
rt @ludovicah: 'weird al' yankovic fans invade orange county august 1
if i get 20 million followers by june 1, i will personally tattoo a huge picture of @andymilonakis on @oprah's back (against her will).
james blunt was recording across the hall from me last night.  guess he's gone now.  dang!  still haven't met the man.
...but chris daughtry's here now!
#unfollowfriday sorry, @ben_folds is definitely not ben.  @amandapalmer, you led me astray!!
back in the studio today - first day of mixing the new tunes!
@barackobama no, i don't want to be a supreme court justice, please stop dm-ing me.  don't make me unfollow you.
me leaning against a door: 
in case you were wondering what i wear on my feet: 
driving to sausalito today. jealous??
mmm..... pizza....
cut myself shaving.
listening to an audio book by @barackobama. man, that guy's got a real future doing vo work if this "president" thing doesn't work out.
i'm on day #16 of a 19-day diet.  i swear, on sunday night i'm just gonna eat a big tub of sugar and grease.
@jon_favreau  my father-in-laws review of iron man: nice movie, but not very realistic.
@oprah  hey, i met you on some tv show back in 1984.  what you been doing since then?
in the last 5 days i spent 54 hours singing into a microphone.  need a lozenge.
#followfriday @michaeljnelson @lynchland @suzanneyankovic
another sign that twitter is popular - the robot chicken guys were forced to take the name @cyborgturkey.
rt @mc_lars: my song "true player for real" with @alyankovic and @wheatus is npr's "song of the day" today!!
going into the studio today to start recording 4 new tracks!
@jimmyfallon im assuming you got your talk show gig as a direct result of the huge buzz you generated opening for me in poughkeepsie.
@robhuebel  athbdndpr!!! (appreciating the humor, but displaying no discernable physical reaction)
i have to wonder what kind of names the band rejected before they settled on "hoobastank."
paul mccartney at coachella = pure awesomeness
hey, stalkers!  i'm at the coachella music festival today.  first 5,000 people to recognize me get a free head-butt!
i hereby propose a new category at the oscars: best supporting performance by a t-shirt in a major motion picture.
i have a cameo appearance in "17 again" - as the image on the t-shirt that @thomaslennon is wearing.  thanks, tom!
making new friends at nickelodeon...
@sarahmcm okay, okay, euphemism.  i stand corrected.
apparently snl has just bestowed upon me the highest honor imaginable - my name has become a metaphor for masturbation.  so proud.
@paulfeig my desert island suicide disc: "billy don't be a hero" by bo donaldson & the heywoods  #dis
@azizansari  congrats!  parks&rec got a 60 share among the people i'm following on twitter.
boldly going on bill's talk show... 
@paulfeig asia cover band: asia minor
shamu, your insolence has been noted.  i shall wreak my vengeance upon you.
fyi, in case you're stalking me, i'll be at sea world today.
@pftompkins no, sorry, that's not my own leg. i've got john tesh on mine.
@azizansari "viva la pita"!  bam!  awww yeah!
@azizansari "my life would suck without...food!"  oh, snap, dude, you got served!
@azizansari you're doing food-based song parodies??  i'm sorry, but that's the lowest form of comedy.
nice work, kids! 
happy birthday, dr. demento!
tell me again, how does tasering someone in the face constitute an april fools' day joke?
update #27
imagine, an entire world!! 
just put a deposit down on a tesla model s.  yay, i get a new car in... 3 to 5 years!
best dead chicken in town! 
just bought a brand new segway.  i nerded the old one to death.
just bought a brand new segway.  i nerded the old one to death.
burma-shave
dyna-mite!
but if he'd shave
dinah doesn't
@wilw it was my life-long dream to be secretary of geek affairs, but i bear no grudges - wear that crown proudly, sir.
just hired 4 directors to make music videos for 4 songs that i haven't even made demos for yet.  hmm, am i doing this kinda backwards?
ha!  now i'm the most popular "weird al" yankovic on facebook!  take that, fake al!
on a plane to atlanta with @nerdist today... wheee!
@brentspiner nina and i listened to "dreamland" again yesterday - what a delightful album.
    1805     ,      ,    
so instead, by popular demand, here's leo tolstoy's "war and peace" in the original russian.
okay, apparently the "moby dick" thing has been done already.  i apologize for not having the internet memorized.
call me ishmael. some years ago - never mind how long precisely - having little or no money in my purse, and nothing particular to interest
since people are complaining i haven't tweeted enough, here's the entire text of "moby dick" by herman melville 140 characters at a time.
wow, i almost have more fans than any other "weird al" yankovic on facebook!  yay!
tweet tweet!
tweet tweet!
