we're pleased to welcome @marjscar to our board of directors.
new search filters on twitter - updated ios and android apps make it easier to discover whats happening:
rt @twitterapi: introducing custom timelines, a new type of timeline that you control.
new: ios, android apps and
our partnership with @comcast and @nbcuniversal lets users tune in to a tv show directly from a tweet:
twitter alerts: a new way to get accurate, important information when you need it most. learn more:
incredible lineup kicks off @rockinrio, the largest music festival in the world. join the fun!
viewers of @millionseconds tune in, respond to flash polls and will help influence who wins:
now it's easier to discover and follow conversations in your home timeline - for ios, android, web:
get ms social on @telemundo's #premiostumundo tonight:
search update on
there have been 2 million mentions on twitter since last night's #royalbaby watch intensified. our writeup:
the town of jun, spain runs on twitter. heres how it does that:
celebrating the fourth, as we hope you are.
after 19.3 million tweets during #nbafinals games, are the @spurs or @miamiheat winning on twitter??
we're honored to be named to the @otalliance honor roll for online trustworthiness.
tweet a photo in under six seconds with our new mobile update!
today we're bringing you twitter for google glass, making it easy to share photos and connect with people:
#onlyontwitter: fetes and fashion: twitter goes to the #derby, #metgala, #cinderellaball and #n5culturechanel.
were bringing trends to over 160 new locations. to learn more, check out our blog post:
twitter archive adds danish, filipino, indonesian, italian, japanese, portuguese, russian, simplified chinese, swedish, thai, turkish, urdu
guess what you can do
view line breaks on twitter web
let the fun begin.
reading @dkroy in @harvardbiz: "television's future has a social soundtrack"
giving you more confidence that email from
we're rolling out an update on our mobile apps and
24.1 million tweets during #sb47; 5.5 million of that during @beyonce's show. read all about the highlights: 
announcing vine: a new way to share video.
we review the year of twitter news and info, and what you were most interested in hearing from us in 2012.
when the biggest names in music tweet each other, #theworldislistening. artist qandas brought to you by @thegrammys: 
several @twittereng folks teamed up with @ucberkeley for a course about analyzing big data: @ucbtweeter.
want to see what your own year on twitter looked like? @vizify will show you:
the pulse of your city - trends are now available in 100 more cities around the world.
giving and receiving thanks: twitter is a useful tool for discovering more ways to give back.
see even more on iphone and android with photo, video, and article previews in search and discover
here's our new cartoon video on how to dress up your profile with photos and images:
rt @gov networks' call of @barackobama reelection spiked #election2012-related tweets to 327,453 per minute at 11:19p est.
between saturday, oct 27 and tuesday, oct 30, tweets mentioning the red cross increased 30x.
#nba is back! did you know 90% of players are on twitter? find and follow them here:
from a-rod to #rallyzito, 15 million @mlb #postseason tweets. who's the most-discussed player? read more:
twitter + the human face of big data:
want to hang out with tv's funniest family? stars, producers and crew from @modernfam will be live-tweeting tonight!
learn about twitter's involvement in the online trust alliance:
you know how last night's @nfl game ended. now, here's how it played out on twitter...
expand your experience with the all new twitter for ipad
#onlyontwitter: experience life in the tents at fashion week
hot off the press! twitter buzz surrounding the #vma's last night racked in nearly 15m tweets!
rt @twitterstories: daniel jones, peter gregson and britten sinfonia created music from tweets.
at the #dnc2012, @michelleobama's speech peaked at 28,003 tpm. read more in our blog post:
talking twitter at the #gop2012 convention. here's @buzzfeedben on using twitter to cover the election:
have you recovered from the olympics? good. now join us for more awesome feats at the @paralympic games:
the twitter political index details the rise (and the end) of the #veepstakes over the past few days:
find out which olympians are most discussed on twitter, and what olympians like to tweet about:
now you can click on ticker symbols like $ge on
our apologies for today's outage.
overhauling
search is simpler with autocomplete, results from only people you follow and more
this week's #onlyontwitter: sports stars always shine.
we experienced some turbulence earlier today, and we apologize. here is more information on what happened.
tailored trends bring you closer
ota recognizes twitter for "adoption of key technologies to help protect consumer privacy and security" @otalliance
this week #onlyontwitter, the president hosted a town hall
the federal trade commission's cto, ed felten, just mentioned twitter now supports do not track. we applaud the ftc's leadership on dnt.
innovate through experimentation
our latest hack week fest focused on efficiency - and then there was code class. check it!
rt @twittereng - we're hosting a security open house on march 29:
promoted products: now more mobile
coming up - the nominees and award for most-tweeted #oscars moment.
twitter mobile app updates for iphone and android
twitter recap: #grammys 2012
the highest tweets per second #superbowl peak came at the end of the game: 12,233. 2nd highest was during madonna's performance: 10,245.
shipping a #hackweek project -- the best worst recruiting video ever. introducing: at twitter, the future is you!
twitter translation center adds right-to-left languages
#goldenglobe moments w/ the most twitter buzz: 1) @downtonabbey win 2) tina fey photobomb w/ amy poehler 3) the artist wins best score (2/3)
twitter, in your language
let's fly: tweetdeck
feedback on the changes? share your thoughts with @feedback using the hashtag #newlook. if you need help, pose any questions to @support.
let's fly!
here's day one of our annual #yearinreview series. ten remarkable @twitterstories of 2011:
twitter is now a search option in firefox 8. get the add-on to search people & topics with @ and # from the address bar
to see the #thankyousteve tweets, view this zoomed-in version of the visualization
twitter is now available in five new languages: hindi, tagalog, malay and both traditional and simplified chinese.
your all-access pass to the nfl
@bing what's up?
thanks to @brettdennen for playing #loverboy today for us!
within a minute of today's #earthquake, there were more than 40,000 earthquake-related tweets.
we're rolling out a new feature today. go to a profile & view images that account has shared on twitter. more info:
weather: so hot right now
cool! @tw1tt3rart: #twitterart       
something to ponder: what percentage of the world's news outlets are on twitter? #twitternews
that's great! @melissacrnic: @twitter #ladieslearningcode started with a tweet! storify via @marsdd -
what #hashtags are you tuning into?
incredible! "breath bird: new twitter client lets handicapped users tweet with theirbreath" 
one million registered twitter apps:
curious question: what is your favorite never-ending #hashtag? and why?
tweet your questions for the white house's first @townhall this week. use #askobama and tune in july 6th at 2 pm et at
did you know there are hundreds of regularly scheduled chats for any imaginable topic? @twchat made a useful guide here:
#protip: download firefox with twitter & search for @usernames or #hashtags right from the address bar
.@olympics is giving away a trip to the 2012 games exclusively on twitter. tweet a photo in honor of #olympicday to win:
introducing the follow button:
the world feels so much smaller when you can participate in a live event right from your couch. here's one:
we released an update for #twitterformac:
psst, there's a secret ending in this video.
twitter blog post: twitter now available in russian and turkish
hear about the musical antics of @portugaltheman.
nfl player @ndamukong_suh is trying to set a world record for largest tweetup.
@simmysimster yep! they can check their @mention tab on their home profile and see all public tweets that contain their @username.
like science? fascinated by space? want to learn how to moonwalk? check out this post on @nasa
discover new accounts and search like a pro
scared of snakes? this one isn't so intimidating! @bronxzooscobra. bit.ly/bronxcobra
even if you're not in the news biz, our
applicants battle for a summer internship via twitter.
@mchell1227 twitter is different for everyone. take time to discover accounts that you find useful/interesting.
@tony__tedesco great! looks like you're  into baseball-you should check out our sports list to find related accounts
a tweet of sarcasm to embody public frustration, 2010
a tweet that freed one photojournalism student in egypt, 2008
don't forget to follow your new favorite band after discovering them at #sxsw. this list by @allsongs may be helpful
at the #twitterretreat setting up for a panel on tech in tunisia. if you're around come join us. we have blankets! #sxsw
watching as the world reacts to japan & the events unfolding. here are just a few accts to follow: @redcross @tokyoreporter @un @twcbreaking
honoring women everywhere
@shawncampbell sketched on an ipad no less. very impressive!
@soph_kate it's @jamesfranco. welcome him!
@livefrombklyn interesting! could you tell us more about how twitter helps in diy careers? cc/@bklyncontessa @etsy @kickstarter @supermarket
@js_hicks we love your encouragement to @deedeea1019. making twitter work for you can take some time, but we think it's worth it!
4 homeless people were given a prepaid cell phone, a month of unlimited text messaging and a twitter account...
following @thegrammys? did you know there's a list of all the artists & attendees on twitter who'll be at the show?
us ambassador to the un @ambassadorrice will host a live twitter/@ustream town hall at 10am pt ask qs via #askambrice
love it! rt @merv: watching superbowl while tweeting is like a massive global mystery science theater 3000. enhances experience remarkbly.
@lreynoldstwin welcome to twitter! sending a pic is easy to do w/ twitter on your phone, but sadly not yet easy via web cc @regis_and_kelly
how to use @speak2tweet to communicate from egypt:
 
we highlighted some haiti related accounts to follow + ways to donate to their ongoing efforts on our hope140 blog here
twitter for mac launched today as part of the mac app store. read on for more info
@noahvail thanks for the tip!
funny: tweesp.com can channel your friend's tweets to tell what they want from @amazon using tweet telepathy.
in case you missed our #twittertip roundup last friday, check this out:
who's new on twitter?
sending thanks to our friends @ebaygiving & @kompolt4good for helping us put together our #twitterauction-happening now!
what tip do you most often share with people who could learn a thing or two about using twitter? #twittertip
i want my twitter tv!
instant notifications bit.ly/9xij3f. now you can get push notifications for @mentions on sms & iphone, and for messages on iphone too
if you're a music fan, here are a ton of sources for you to keep up:
good times w/ @ryanseacrest yesterday.
hey, android users! there's a new version of twitter for android with tweet details page, faster scrolling & more
discover what's happening around the midterm elections
do you use twitter for a business, school, community group or another local organization? follow @twitterbusiness for tips and useful info!
#twittertip: freshen up with a new background for the revamped layout.
is twitter a true tool for activism? @biz rebuts gladwell's recent claim with a write-up in the atlantic
#newtwitter is now available to all users. @ev will be answering your questions about it today at 1pm pst. use #askev to tag your questions
2 million views of #newtwitter video! you all deserve a free download of the song. get it here
#newtwitterceo
to anyone curious about #newtwitter column proportions, know that we didn't leave those ratios to chance (via @stop)
still slowly and randomly expanding rollout of #newtwitter. for the majority of you still waiting, here's a good read
a ton of q's came in but @ev can't type fast enough to get to all of them. let's do this again soon when you all have access to #newtwitter
here's a fun little backstory from @forbes on the #newtwitter video:
holler if you've got the #newtwitter! tell us what you think and send your questions to @support if you've got any.
what's hatching at twitter hq? 
wehn yuo cnnaot raed, noe hruendd ftory ccrhaetars mean noinhtg. hlep ptoorme goalbl latceriy:
your tweets will help @jimmyfallon introduce the presenters at the emmy awards on sunday:
twitter in the sand! 
there's a list of new words in the oxford dictionary of english. can you spot the one that's twitter related?
what are some interesting accounts to follow that are based outside of the us? #expandinghorizons
when you buy one of these low fares, virgin america will donate $5 to donorschoose.org
we're rolling out a new feature: "suggestions for you." read more about it here
congrats to @alyssa_milano for winning a vh1 do something award for her work w/ @charitywater.  see the video: 
@oldspice do you have any experience taming wild whales?
another big record: part deux
from russia with love
reading about how @guardian built their awesome world cup twitter replay and made it interactive
users may temporarily experience missing tweets from their time lines. they will be restored shortly. thanks for being patient!
site-wide availability issues in connection with network service interruption:
seems like all the top trends are revolving around the #worldcup. the fever is spreading!
for updates on twitter site availability & feature issues currently being addressed see our status blog:
we hear there's something happening with the @nba tonight...
feel free to keep the stories coming. you can also check out @cleveraccounts to learn about interesting examples from more clever folks.
twitter for iphone now available in the itunes app store
we have tweaked our worldwide trending topic algorithm to better capture the most emergent trends being talked about on twitter *right now*
looking forward to meeting some folks that are helping support our @fledgling initiative tonight and getting an early taste of the wines!
twitter for android: robots like to share too.
caution: after buying a net to #endmalaria you may be overcome w/ emotion. @conanobrien demonstrates in this pic...
it seems ash clouds have feelings, too. learn about them 1st hand from @theashcloud. #ashtag
read all about it, folks. @anywhere is alive!
the @whitehouse is looking for grand challenges in science and technology, via twitter. fire up your imagination:
we'll be enjoying a pre-game fiesta with the @sfgiants and @roomtoread on 4/30 at the ballpark. come tweetup!
never thought i'd say this, but sign out of twitter.com, now! there's a nice new homepage to check out.
today is world water day and haiti needs help. watch the new #unshaken video from @charitywater to learn more.
now the party's getting started! black joe lewis is rockin the stage @theparishatx. #sxsw
the world cup's equivalent of the olympic torch may be kicked your way on its journey to cape town. follow @the_ball to check it out!
check out some pics from a photoshoot with @priyankachopra and the birds of twitter hq. 
read this status update on phishing:
hello, haiti
take a look at this early theory of twitter by mad scientist @biz.
for those of you who missed the dance party at twitter hq on friday, @wallpaper puts on a super fun show! 
reason #4132 for changing your password:
the tweet delivery issue has improved. we've temporarily disabled a few features in the meantime. more info here:
hurry and get your tix for @chirp, twitter's first conference for developers.
we are now recovering from a incident that had rendered the site mostly inaccessible for the past hour.
healing haiti:
aim your phone at this office building in tokyo to reveal tweets from people inside:
working on tweet delivery delays
appreciate the people behind your favorite tweets. vote on a shorty!
people are loving @twidroid for android phones. do you like? #appwednesday
twitter acquires geoapilocation awareness to get awesome-er!
twitter's dns records were temporarily compromised but have now been fixed. we will update with more information soon.
what were the most popular topics on twitter throughout 2009?
seeing misdirected tweets in your timeline? please see the known issues page:
responding to whales
salute world aids day with a simple tweet.
sms delivery issues on at&t
think globally, tweet locally with geotagging. opt-in!
wrong profile background pictures
official pics from the shiny new twitter hq!
lots to look forward to next week with the big move to our new headquarters. @sara has outdone herself on the interior design! #twitterhq
ps: if you're buying tix for leweb enter the promo code "twitter" to get 200 euro off. see you there!
tweet via sms in jakarta, surabaya, bandung, medan, semarang, or anywhere in between thanks to @axisgsm!
missing some mentions?
here's an app in honor of our spanish launch yesterday:
spooky things will happen when you use #trick or #treat in your tweet today.
lists test is being temporarily disabled
sms problems being worked on
expanding lists feature to 5 percent
elevated error rate being worked on
harvesting time! @crushpad documented our first wine making adventure. follow @fledgling and check it out.
timelines currently 30 minutes behind
researching username, password change problems
an update on the timeline staleness problems from this morning:
love that you can tweet a simple hashtag #rednights to help fight aids in africa while also entering to win sweet concert tix from @joinred!
thanks to all our investors for sharing our long term vision.
wanna get twitter via sms on your phone? text "start" to 40404.
tweets from users you follow may be missing from your timeline
missing tweets from some users?
working through site slowness
"secure connection failed" issues
working on short delivery delays
just about to experience a set by @matisyahu here at twitter hq. ustreaming live at
trends for search currently unclickable -
another hot day at twitter hq. cold rag please? 
thanks so much @schwarzenegger for the great insight today. we hope you enjoyed your stay at twitter hq!
our own @biz got to write the foreword for a new book full of hilarious tweets called twitter wit. fun!
our friends @ladydanville dropped by hq for a warm-up before jetting off to cafe du nord for the real thing. thanks guys!
we're gearing up for a cool new api development around geolocation
working on unexpected downtime
hey folks, @biz drew a lovely sketch of the upcoming 'project retweet' being previewed by developers starting today
is twittospheric happiness a thing? turns out it could be...
responding to site downtime
due to defense measures some twitter clients are unable to communicate with our api, and many users are unable to tweet via sms.
it appears @ev was actually drinking tea at last weeks teatime. (no longer just a clever name for a company meeting)
our own @chloes went to @mtv and met the person who controls the 'push-live-tweets-to-air button. cool job!
we're already starting to see folks embed our new widget...here's a slick example
we've done a ton of research on how businesses use twitter and now we're passing the findings on to you! business.twitter.com/twitter101
interesting observation by @dougw that folks at twitter hq dress fancier as their laundry day approaches and jeans are no longer an option.
another inspiring teatime at twitter hq. also, had a sweet day touring @tchochocolate factory. cacao!
planned sms downtime for at&t, t-mobile, and verizon
koobface malware attack
update on follower/following problems
from a seed planted to a twitpocalypse diverted, a brief history of twitter (so far)
sms delivery issues
maintenance window rescheduled!
maintenance on help site, username changes temporarily disabled
trouble updating profile settings
@thepoet usernames can't be duplicated -- even with different capitalization. however, there are tricks. is that o a zero perhaps? ^ev
@chaseandrews no, we're not your mom -- but she's probably wondering. maybe you should get her on twitter. :) ^ev
@ynoelani yeah, lots of ways we could filter trending topics to make them more interesting and relevant. thanks for feedback. ^ev
working through site latency
search temporarily down
fixing problem with tweets delivered via sms
temporary timeline delays
back from site maintenance; working on site latency issues
welcoming @akshay_adb and @ded to the team today. also, our new office (next to the old office)!
fixing the elevated error rate
progress update on data inconsistency issue
a note about per day following limits
delays when following or unfollowing @aplusk
search results are delayed about 20 minutes
responding to slow load times and high error rates
we're working to resolve an issue with some missing updates in the past couple hours
twitter.com is experiencing high latency. we're also seeing significant improvement in message delivery
update on delivery delays, errors
recovering from errors this morning
twitter co-founder @biz (biz stone) is tonight's guest on the colbert report on comedy centralwill colbert get the "twitter bump?"
user search and facebook updating are temporarily disabled
problems reaching search?
an update on the missing tweets problem.
unplanned maintenance
working on sms issues
inbound sms delay
power failure this morning
twitter+bell canada=no extra sms charges
exiting maintenance window
opportunity knocks:
site back up
delays in posting text messages
missing updates? we're bringing them back.
image upload problems in ie
ugly search pages
during the heaviest load of the inauguration, timelines were behind about 5mins. more improvements to make there; we're back to normal now.
twitter downtime
delivery delays
! be careful of dms with a link to blogspot.com that seemingly redirects to twitter.com and asks for your credentials (we're on the case)
the update problem in some browsers has been resolved (it was fixed yesterday). thanks to our friends at mozilla for the assist.
the stale timeline problem should now be resolved. if you are still seeing problems please let us know.
sms delivery problems & follower counts
some search results delayed
sms problems with sprint users
search behind realtime
image upload errors
user deletion/restoration temporarily off
verizon delivery problems
email delivery/password recovery problems
some delivery problems over sms
prompted for login on twitter.com
missing tweets?
early warning: we're about to change some stuff up:
welcome nick, congrats jeremy:
trimming the sails:
weve been investigating an increase in over-capacity messages (whale pages) these past few...
working on a hardware issue
missing replies
@maryhodder we just made an update. you should se something soon.
@tina_winslow can you send a message to support? 
@jefflowe we're trying to get them all back.  updates will be posted on our status blog here:
more restoration underway
@juliejulie we'll see what we can do. :)
@pistachio thanks!
@mfartr we're working on a sound staging & testing environment.
@justinrussell you can change what @replies you see by going here:
@spamspam you just made one! or check out
@dcrane2 we're working to restore the relationships. database mishap last evening. we'll keep all updated here and on status.twitter.com
@hesperus thanks for your patience! we'll keep you updated.
@mleis we're working to restore as much as possible. thanks for your patience.
@whitneyhess username search still has some issues. fortunately, we just added a bunch of search people to help us fix that! :)
@nazgul go to
@chakat_streak we have a restore script running now. we'll keep everyone updated here and at
@constantinexvi we're working hard on restoring im.  pizza may help!
@aaron_foley we had a database mishap 2 nights ago and are recovering. more information as we have it.
whales
announcing search!: 
maintenance window tonight
@ replies back on the web
thursday morning
over capacity errors
odd whales
bringing a few features back
testing our db fail-over practice
things looking up -- mostly
were still seeing some slowness in various areas of the service. well be making some...
welcome! follow our official account for real-time news of what twitter is doing!
@pistachio &lt;3
@melody &lt;3
@mcnitt &lt;3
@littleengine &lt;3
twitter is about to go offline.  see you soon!
tracking certain keywords on twitter
excited to announce our recent funding
psst! you can twitter from the web, mobile sms, or im. visit
working on iphones via 'hahlo' and 'pocket tweets' - fun!
working on iphones via 'hahlo' and 'pocket tweets' - fun!
online code school bloc raises $2 million for its web development "apprenticeship" program
filing indicates snapchat is looking to raise $54.5m at around a $2b valuation
gift guide: tools and toys for the amateur or master photographer
instagram invite for mysterious december 12 media event may hint toward printing
bitcoin back over $1k after chinese ban, bofa comments, and greenspan mockery
twitter announces "tailored audiences" for ad retargeting
swapbox lands $800k to take on google's bufferbox and amazon's lockers
foursquare 7.0 brings scanable design and expands proactive recommendations to all users
social travel app jetpac ditches facebook, pivots to instagram-based "city guides" for at-a-glanc...
homejoy raises $38m as it looks to expand beyond home cleaning
apple patents a siri dock for an always-on digital assistant at home
twitter partnership with deutsche telekom will see t-mobile embed twitter on android homescreens ...
toytalk isn't just entertaining our kids, it's teaching our machines to converse
second screen tv startup wywy raises $7m for international growth
here are 2013s most popular tunes, according to our informal survey of music startups
publishing platform medium keeps iterating with new photo, layout tools and collection controls
sharebloc pivots to be more like reddit for the business world instead of yelp and quora
touchcast brings its interactive video tools to pcs
german startup yetu raises $8 million to create open standards for smart homes
big 3d printing needs to stop the bullying
homeaway acquires australian vacation rentals site stayz for $198 million cash
from @crunchbase daily - @datasift @misfitwearables @grokkerinc @psafetecnologia @sweetgreen and 49 more raise money
mobile car insurance app maker snapsheet raises $10 million, hires industry vet david bauer as coo
hot hotels integrates with seatid to add 'social proof' when booking a last minute hotel room
rubin's robots: google gears up to revolutionize manufacturing and logistics
mayfield backs connected, commercial drone maker 3d robotics with $6m
accel leads $4.5m series a in trufa, an sap hana startup using predictive analytics for opex efficiency
brazilian antivirus startup psafe raises $30m series c from china's 360 and redpoint eventures
yahoo acquires team behind dreamworks animation incubated mobile video app ptch
apple, primesense and perceptive computing or: why your phone will see in 3d
google wallet cards arriving now, but consumer benefits remain unclear
chrome beta gets new tools for mobile development
the one percent foundation, a non-profit, wants to help millennials turn philanthropy into a habit
intelclinic's neuroon launches on kickstarter, promises to let you sleep like da vinci
sumall raises another $4m to help businesses understand their data
newly internationalized yext launches "pages" to help businesses sync their website data
video ad tech startup liverail is targeting a late 2014 ipo thanks to $100 million revenue run rate
access industries leads $112m funding into rocket internet's asia-pacific fashion sites zalora an...
mallzee is a tinder-esque shopping app that lets your friends play fashion police
drop 'til you shop harnesses our burning desire to nab a deal to turn over unsold goods
rentals delivered by drone could make ownership obsolete
apple buys topsy for a reported $200m, could use social signals to bolster app store relevance
healthcaregov: mission accomplished
eventifier raises a $500k seed round from accel, kae to make social media archives of your confer...
amazon is joining, not starting, the drone-delivery revolution
from @crunchbase daily - @home_delivery @addwish @stempowered @pingtune @wedoshopping and 56 more raise money
y combinator alum strikingly launches its super easy 'one-click' site builder
after 20 months google's campus london hub has 22,000 members, so where next?
akamai buys ddos prevention specialist prolexic for $370m to ramp up security offerings
i, drone
microsoft should be worried about google's chromebooks
"hello santa" offers a memorable, but pricey, video call with a real-life santa 
in which we make coffee with the founders of bonaverde, a machine that roasts, grinds, and brews
hands on with jolla's first phone -- the "spearhead device" for its meego-successor sailfish os
gillmor gang live    11.29.13   (tctv)
kiind launches an api for its digital gift card platform
bond, the app for giving gifts, lands on the web
thanksgiving digest (ibm e-commerce edition): mobile 43% of all traffic, over 25% of all online s...
journaling app lifecrumbs turns your favorite photos into a visual calendar of happy memories
mtgox launches bitcoinscom to explain what the heck a bitcoin is
the worst thing about being a vc is other vcs
wishlist startup, addwish, nabs $1.8m seed from sunstone capital to grow its presence in the us.
google ejects android rom-maker cyanogen's installer app from play -- citing developer tandc violations
gaming's next revolution will be livestreamed, and the ps4 has a nice lead
23andme ceo responds to customers, calls the fda "an important partner"
paygarden's platform lets you finally redeem those unused gift cards for good and more
meet omakase, the charity that wants to end the tech industry's giving problem 
report: nsa considered revealing porn habits to discredit radicals
paypal, looking for more mobile business in europe, launches a check-in and payments service with...
post-snowden, european commission sets out actions needed to restore trust in eu-us data f...
task marketplace mila partners with swisscom to break euro fear of share economy
twitter continues tweet recommendation experiments with fav happy @magicstats
google makes talking to your computer slightly less crazy with speech search chrome extension
moto g review: motorola bridges the gap between cheap and good in smartphones
target (yes, that target) wants to launch an accelerator in india to tap into its startup scene
from @crunchbase daily - @kingsoft_office @beyondtherack @talkingdata @revolv @getpromptly and 40 more raise money
goldee shifts from software to crowdfunding a hue-compatible smart light switch
apple patents a lytro-style camera for iphone for changing focus on captured images
4g-lte networks set to double in number by 2017 -- when 1bn of 8bn total mobile connections will be 4g
couric hire is key to yahoo's mobile strategy
in its first acquisition, byliner buys seesaw, the startup led by cotweet founders
microsoft confirms that "excessive profanity" in xbox upload studio videos can cost you account privileges 
fly or die: kindle fire hdx 8.9
katie couric's global anchor position at yahoo confirmed
from @crunchbase daily - @coursera @thehunt @clozetteco @egifter @siftshopping @joinniche and 30 more raise money
emerging central and eastern european startups showcased at how to web
blackberry cleans house as coo, cmo and cfo depart
message app line hits 300m registered users, up from 200m 4-months ago -- gunning for 500m in 2014
learning to code on the street
youtube, you need a gif creator
notch is a wearable sensor and app for tracking and capturing body movements
fully-automated ad management startup multichannel raises $3m in seed funding
daric, a new peer to peer lending platform, will go live next week
couric get would mean yet another chase of the online video carrot for yahoo
the auug iphone grip and app turns your body into a musical instrument
microsoft matches ps4 sales with 1 million xbox ones in 24 hours, but takes 11 more countries to do it
twitter enables perfect forward secrecy across sites to protect user data against future decryption
travel startup triptrotting relaunches as wist, a local recommendations app for iphone
microsoft now shipping kinect for windows preview kits to "thousands" of developers
kwikdesk, an ephemeral messaging platform, mulls introducing bitcoin
survey: 54% of americans want airlines to ban in-flight calls
from @crunchbase daily - @spotify @tapcommercehq @wevorce @roundpegg @beepi @hammerandchisel and 30 more raise money
consignment startups like tradesy could help retailers close the loop on product lifecycles
tapcommerce raises $10.5m to compete in the mobile ad retargeting "land grab"
two harvard university alum win salesforce $1m hackathon prize at dreamforce for mobile service t...
with tinder 3.0, tinder enters the friend zone
technology crossover ventures funds all of spotify's $250m international growth round
gameanalytics finds a home in unity's asset store while it works on paid products
apple awarded $290m by jury in patent case retrial against samsung
appnet launches broadcasts, push-based custom newsletters engineered for mobile
internet of things platform provider jasper wireless hires rajat bahri as cfo
authy goes where no two-factor authentication system has gone before: to multiple devices
mobile personal assistant app donna now can automatically email contacts to tell them you're runnin...
hbo go lands on google chromecast
don't spam facebook with fake bieber porn unless you want to get sued
twice brings its secondhand clothing marketplace to ipad
twitter tests cleaner web client design with more prominent logo and tweet composer
appear here, the uk pop-up shop and short-term retail space marketplace, raises 1 million 
android app marketplace 91 wireless ceo joe wu speaks for first time about $1.9 billion acquisiti...
toms founder blake mycoskie on turning the one-for-one charity model into a platform
coin, kicking credit cards to the curb, answers a few questions
windows phone now sees 10m transactions and 500 new apps daily, has served 3b total downloads
google takes you through middle-earth, providing both an eagle- and a hobbit's-eye view
prophecy sciences wants to transform recruiting with a blend of neuroscience, games, biometrics and mac...
kansas city residents get a second chance for google fiber, ahead of further regional expansions ...
shake raises $3m to deliver simple legal agreements to your smartphone
frank and oak ups its brick-and-mortar game as it hits 1 million members
ios virtual pet app hatch hits the app store, delivers maximum endearing cutitude
cupertino city council gives the apple spaceship campus a go for launch
passwordbox acquires digital afterlife service legacy locker to grow its user base
logitech outs its $99 ios game controller, and it's exactly what you expected
protesters disrupt yahoo ceo marissa mayer fireside chat with salesforce's marc benioff for her r...
instead of crashing, bitcoin's price is slowly deflating
financeit raises $13 million to bring simple purchase financing options to small and medium businesses
the startup accelerator trend is finally slowing down
yahoos flickr resurgence continues with handsome photo books, but reliance on sets could stumble
google releases glass development kit sneak peek and 5 new glass apps that already use it
if dropbox's 2013 revenue is $200m, an $8b valuation is pretty steep
verizon moto xs get access to android 4.4 kitkat less than a month after google revealed it
fullscreen gives creators vip benefits on third-party services with 'sign-in with fullscreen' button
lookout debuts a mobile security suite for business 
grabcad's workbench aims to ride the hardware renaissance
centurylink buys tier 3, the infrastructure, platform and advanced cloud management provider
google wallet creators raise $7m from eric schmidt, khosla to bring personalization and analytics to ...
salesforce ceo marc benioff and dropbox founder drew houston have a fireside keynote lovefest
follow along live from tc shanghai!
dropbox could be a bargain at an $8 billion valuation
less than a year post-pivot, payments platform spreedly raises additional $500k
ipad mini with retina display review: the best tablet on the market
bitcoin $645? yeah, that's totally reasonable
yahoo will follow google in encrypting data center traffic, customer data flow by q1 '14
surveymonkey releases its first enterprise-focused product
beantown rocked our socks at the techcrunch boston meetup
atlas ventures' fred destin believes funding seed stage companies is like falling in love
westore launches self storage, by-the-box, pulls in cash from uk angels
watch airbnb's chef rap about food at a hackathon
amazon's alpha house reveals the silly everyday life of a us senator
let's meet in hong kong and shenzhen
from static to suggestive: nokia's earthmine-powered vision for the future of maps
gillmor gang: daft monopolists
interview confirms ballmer wasn't fired, but his exit was accelerated
gillmor gang live   11.15.13  (tctv)
anonymous hacktivist jeremy hammond gets maximum 10-year prison sentence
google music arrives on ios, includes a free month of "all access" radio 
boston pitch-off winner drop lets you leave surprise messages all over town
cia reportedly collects bulk data on international money transfers
google's megan smith says it's time to uncover the "lost history" of female tech pioneers
the omniture of pr? airpr's new analytics platform aims to show cmos how to invest in pr
secretink lets you send self-destructing messages over email or sms right from your inbox
greenhouse raises $2.7m to make recruiting a science for hyper-growth startups like airbnb
judge permits google to continue to make books relevant online
shelbytv rises from the dead with an iphone app for mobile video discovery
curated food delivery startup caviar launches in seattle and new york city
uk tech startup job ads up 44% in a year; devs, marketers and product people most sought
from @crunchbase daily - @redfin @creativelive @golauncher @onespot @appia @qloo @jongla and 48 more raise money
isis, the mobile payments initiative from atandt, verizon and t-mobile, launches across the us.
pin drop's rebuilt location bookmarking app answers a need foursquare missed
with $3m in funding, qloo launches to let you discover interesting content in eight categories
gartner: 456m phones sold in q3, 55% smartphone; android at 82% share, samsung a flat leader
fanatix partners with espn to launch social mobile app for cricket fans
voxel brings its app virtualization tools to android
facebook messenger fights chat competitors by bringing 'contact via phone number' to all
the sub-$200 moto g smartphone is google's answer to android's laggy low-end
twitter now lets advertisers target users by mobile os version, mobile device and wi-fi connectivity 
founder stories: the struggle of entrepreneurship is an a/b test  
amazon launches appstream, lets mobile developers stream their apps to any device
a pin on pinterest is worth 25% more in sales than last year, can drive visits and orders for months
presenting tc's 2013 gift guides
obamacare website mystery woman reveals herself, says she was bullied
microsoft's visual studio 2013 launches with new online tools for teams, previews browser-based code...
orange fab accelerator opens in france, plans more around the world
pitch-off tonight boston.
airport car rental startup flightcar launches at lax, unveils mobile web app
clearleap raises $20 million from susquehanna to make tv more multiplatform
ruzzle-maker mag interactive raises $6m from nokia growth partners
charitable donation platform, justgiving, launches yimby, a crowdfunding platform for social good
photobucket is releasing a new app, looking to close the loop on their storage services
windows phone, android gain market share while apple slips despite growth in iphone shipments
airbnb launches new mobile apps for ios and android to connect hosts and guests
retina ipad mini's a7 runs at 1.3ghz, same as iphone 5s and slightly below ipad air's 1.4ghz
boston, we're on our way! #tcmeetup
threadless makes strategic investment in tattoodo, which is kind of like threadless. for tattoos
lendup raises $14m from google ventures, data collective to disrupt payday lending
scanadu closes $10.5m series a round, gearing up to send its medical tricorder through clinical testing
meet monument valley, the ipad game inspired by escher that wants every screen to be an artwork
surprise, apple's ipad mini with retina display now on sale starting at $399
pinterest launches japanese version 18 months after rakuten investment
microsoft didn't get its math wrong in that excel billboard
humble bundle goes head to head against steam with the new humble store
easy drum machine app keezy lets you tap to record, tap again to play
stackdriver adds automation tools and endpoint checks to its aws monitoring solution
bitcasa raises $11m to fuel international expansion of its cloud storage service
'4 hour workweek' author tim ferriss is becoming an audiobook publisher
party with techcrunch in boston this wednesday
freelance marketplace designcrowd raises $3m to fuel its international growth
techcrunch tokyo 2012 winner whill's sleek wheelchair alternative is ready for pre-orders
messaging app line now brings in nearly $100m a quarter, but no official word on an ipo
flite launches a free online 'design studio' for building html5 ads
apple reportedly developing large curved screen iphones for late 2014, better touchscreen sensors
apple reportedly developing large curved screen iphones for late 2014, better touchscreen sensors
instagram is down for some users due to 'system issues'
gillmor gang: hocus pocus
yes, high-skill immigration reform is still dead this calendar year
time is running out to enter our hardware battlefield in las vegas
gillmor gang live   11.08.13    (tctv)
flash sale app tophatter adds android version, brings its auctions to canada
boston hardware startups, tweet @johnbiggs. we want to meet you on tuesday before the boston meetup + pitch-off! #tcmeetup
espn launches a new watchespn app for android, with monday night football and on-demand clips
an app "middle class" continues to grow: independently owned apps with a million-plus users up 12...
microsoft shows you the entire xbox one experience with video tour ahead of nov 22 launch
htc channels crazy with $8,000 gramohorn smartphone trumpet
aol asks aolers to 'disrupt aol'
groupon q3 misses on revenues of $595.1m; announces acquisition of ticket monster to boost mobile...
espresso logic raises $1.6m to make apis using the data logic that comes with reactive programming
behavioral health startup sessions launches to provide personalized fitness programs to all
upstagram is a flying raspberry pi that publishes live pictures on instagram
provide commerce acquires mobile gifting startup sincerely, will expand into new categories and app...
from @crunchbase daily - @appboy @loopcommerce @bldgrobotics @coresuite @limeandtonic @granify + 34 more raise money
twitter flies on its first day as a public company: shares pop 73% on first trades, debuts at $45.10
building on cubelets, moss is a more flexible modular robotics construction kit for making lots of diy...
google takes street view inside gatwick airport, its largest indoors maps use in europe
charity targets 3d printing's plastic waste problem with standards for an ethical alternative
mobile cloud-based field service app maker coresystems raises $15.5 million series a
internet archive seeking donations to rebuild its fire-damaged scanning center
silk road rises again
at $26 per share, twitter's executives and directors own a combined $3.24 billion of its stock
this week on the techcrunch droidcast: we're all getting the nexus 5, so break me off a piece of that...
youtube starts rolling out its new commenting system based on google+
google says it's using mystery barges as interactive space where people can learn about its technology
what3words raises $500k seed for its location-pinpointing push to reinventpostcodes
google updates its octane javascript benchmark, adds asmjs and typescript tests
readying for a busy 2014, google ventures adds two new investment partners
granify raises $1.5 million to help drive e-commerce transactions with big data
apple wants you to stand in line
samsung murders language with "fonblet" name, promises displays for those with superhuman vision
swiftkey 4.3, the smartphone and tablet android keyboard software, exits beta and adds canadian english
backed by sequoia, zomato closes $37m series d to expand its restaurant discovery service internationally
twitter book offers singular, but fascinating narrative of invention
amazon debuts a cross-platform app analytics service with a/b testing bundledin
pch international's highway 1 is looking for a few good hardware startups
digg gives videos prime placement with new digg video site 
google analytics adds speed suggestions report
poll: public supports nsa spying on their email, neighbors and foreign leaders
former rovio execs raises $2.35m for seriously, a new casual gaming studio
nwu develops more accurate activity tracking so nike's next motion app will be smarter still
custom spaces wants to be a houzz for startup offices in san francisco
zemanta moves todd sawicki into ceo role, raises another $2m to focus on content-based ads
fantoo raises 450,000 on crowdcube to put the ai into corporate email
zady goes very much on the beaten path, with a pop up at laguardia
gilt founder's new wedding registry startup zola raises $3.25m from thrive capital
philips hue continues to dominate smart lighting with new br30, gu10 and disney lights
lady gaga splits from manager and rising tech investor troy carter
apple confirms it's 'expanding its domestic manufacturing initiative' with sapphire glass plant in arizona
eric schmidt joins the newly-formed advisory board at cloud rendering company otoy
local delivery startup postmates introduces uber-like blitz pricing during high demand
the three reasons twitter didn't sell to facebook
if tinder is for hookups, hinge is for relationships and it just raised $4m
the cricket is a smart alarm for your bicycle that uses the crowd to help retrieve it
greedy intelligences 1checker is a proofreading platform for non-native english speakers
german predictive analytics startup rapid-i rebrands as rapidminer, takes $5m from open ocean, ea...
google will now educate glass explorers over hangouts, no barge necessary
ebay ceo john donahoe is bullish on digital currency, and he's keeping tabs on bitcoin
pixelstick takes your long exposure photography to a trippy new level
there are no more "tech issues"
delta and jetblue now let you use your gadgets during taxi, takeoff and landing
dear google, what's wrong with you?
take a look back on the top stories from this week with our techcrunch weekly
googles barges likely glass exhibition spaces, lease indicates
this week on the tc gadgets podcast: disrupt europe aftermath, the ipad air, and google's new nexus
windows 8.1 doubles its market share in october to 1.72%, handily beating windows 8's initial rollout
we just released more tickets to our boston meetup + pitch-off. get them while you can!
google's barge likely a modular, floating retail space, cbs reports
filesharing app airlike is bump without the clashing of fists
ecomm newcomer greats is building a brand on sweet, affordable sneakers
is comcast buying the seattle mayoral election to dodge homegrown competition? not really
soundtracking launches updated app with new 'discover' section for trending music
oracle, red hat, and google employees pitch in to fix beleaguered healthcaregov, reports indicate
hailo ups its minimum fare in london to 10, triggers licensing complaints
fightme raises $500k to bring its social video competitions to the us
new faa guidelines permit more device use, all the way from take-off to landing
vevo relaunches its web and mobile sites to streamline music video search and discovery
hardware alley at disrupt europe 2013: connected home, connected car and more
after nearly 5 years and 5m backers, kickstarter gets a new ceo as two founders step back
nearly half -- 48% -- of daily users of facebook are now mobile-only, says ceo zuckerberg
nsa infiltrates google and yahoo networks, report says
runnable raises $2m seed round to expand its "youtube of code"
amazon wants to do good with its goods, launches 'amazonsmile' charity donation program
barnes and noble outs the $119 nook glowlight, we go hands-on
apple: 'limited' number of iphone 5s have manufacturing flaw leading to low battery life
ea beats in fq2 with non-gaap revenue of $1.04b and eps of $0.33, raises earnings guidance
researchgate: "forget about revenue until the network is valuable enough to comma...
retargeting giant adroll poaches google ads veteran to head new emea office
munchery rebuilds mobile apps, hires 3-star chef and gets into booze
and the winner of techcrunch disrupt europe 2013 is. lock8!
wonderloop app tries to make it easier/safer to meet new people on video
to assimilate sms, facebook's android messenger tries letting you reach non-friends by phone number
payment processing giant first data buys mobile loyalty startup perka for ~$30m to help it compete with...
from @crunchbase daily - @nextdoor @rumblegames @ifonly @brightercom @magisto @layersdk and 29 more raise money
nextdoor, the facebook for your neighborhood, lands $60m from john doerr, tiger global and more to go i...
the web behind the wall explains china's complicated startup industry
communications platform for mobile and web apps and tc disrupt winner layer raises $6...
cupflow and edgar can help you tell a story about your free cup of coffee
day two of techcrunch disrupt europe 2013: watch the live stream here!
it's the last day of disrupt europe. make sure you're tuning in later to see the show! #disruptberlin
the endangered double irish could make apple, google, twitter and others pay way more taxes
apple reports q4 retail sales of $4.5 billion with $50 million in sales per apple store
apple sold 33.8 million iphones, 14.1 million ipads, and 4.6 million macs in q4 2013
apple sends out set of slick mac pro posters to some journalists
hey, arduino fans! 1sheeld lets your smartphone act as many different arduino shields
high mobility launches to give cars the power of apple's ibeacon
exversion wants to be the github for sharing and collaborating on data sets
not your father's aol? ceo tim armstrong sketches out his vision for the company
voicesphere brings voice control to facebook, instagram and others, enterprise apps co...
sherly makes it easy to build your own cloud
fab growing again in europe, buys assets from myfab to expand in france
bill gurley: we view benchmark as a services business 
airhelp wants to put the fear into european airlines with its flight compensation app
if you could, what would you ask the u.s. embassy in berlin? let us know. we are heading over soon. #disruptberlin
rocket internet's marc samwer on cloning: we make business models better because we l...
meet telegram, a secure messaging app from the founders of vk, russias largest social network 
the nexus 5 gets a new color and a new rumored launch date
brandenburg gate. #disruptberlin
twpple hack, built by kenyan duo, connects small businesses with social media big wigs
watch the disrupt europe hackathon right here
crunchweek: pinterest's big raise, the ipad air and os x mavericks, and nsa's foreign surveillance
meet the coders of the disrupt europe hackathon
what would you hack if you could? #hackdisrupt #disruptberlin
techcrunch disrupt europe social hub
a users guide to disrupt europe: berlin
jony ive and marc newson customize an unreleased mac pro for (red) auction
a way to save blackberry
wishbone lets kids apply to have their educations crowdfunded
late-2013 15-inch retina macbook pro review: apple's high-performance notebook tops the field
from @crunchbase daily - @flintmo @bytelight @pivot3inc @beautybooked @realfoodworks and 23 more raise money
fabcom updates site to give better recommendations as it pursues global growth
y combinator startups now have a combined valuation of $13.7 billion, up $2 billion since june
apple now selling $20 mountain lion and lion redemption codes for older macs
zynga's shares pop nearly 12% on lower-than-expected losses
zynga poaches dena's clive downie as new coo
twitter announces nbc's vivian schiller as head of news partnerships
tumblr rebuilds search feature to be more powerful as it passes 65b posts
mavericks reaches 5.5% of north american os x web traffic in 24 hours
only a few more days until disrupt europe! get your tickets as soon as you can!
stipple launches image attribution service stipple search, plus a mobile app
the football app scores $7m led by union square ventures as it preps for world cup 2014
jim dalrymples loop magazine reboots with stunning mobile publishing platform glide
from the founders of docverse comes highfive, a startup that's raised $13.5 million to disrupt ente...
whatser raises $475,000 to increase merchant footfall using social media
cruiseme makes booking a cruise social and not horrendously difficult
intuit acquires level up analytics, a consulting firm with a specialty in data analytics
german chancellor merkel less than pleased that us likely tapped her phone, calls pres obama in ...
microsoft confirms that the desktop start screen tile is no longer the default in windows rt 8.1
keen io raises $2.35m for its custom analytics platform
academiaedu crosses 5m users and acquires plasmyd, a search engine for research papers
from @crunchbase daily - @bromium @outbrain @handybookhq @skysql @prismskylabs @easytaxi and 46 more raise money
after raising further 200k, transfergo launches its money transfer service in uk
samsung expands gear smartwatch compatibility -- to galaxy s4, s3, note 2 and more via update due soon
with $2.6m from softtech, 500 startups and more, betterdoctor wants to take the pain out of finding the b...
microsoft would really prefer if you called the surface rt just "surface" from now on
@atul do tell me if you find one.
handybook hoovers up $10m to bring on-demand cleaning and household services to 5 new cities
hands on with the new ipad mini with retina display
apple gets serious about china with day one ipad air launch
apple introduces the ipad air
apple releases the new mac pro, a 4k video-editing, super-fast powerhouse, available in december for...
1 million apps later, apple says developers have made 13 billion on its platform
in pitch to nyc regulators, airbnb claims it generates $632m in economicactivity
ebay adds "trendsetter" star curators, more social features to its marketplace, expanding ebay no...
video adtech startup teads closes $5.2m series a, from partech and elaia, to prep
inmobi launches new appgalleries, a white label app store for publishers to curate apps, and boos...
mainframe2 brings powerful apps to your browser
nielsen: internet display ad spend up 27% in q2, but old school tv reigns supreme at 58% of all s...
nokia pledges allegiance to windows rt with the $499 lumia 2520 tablet
live from apple's new ipad announcement
yplan launches on android
google maps engine gets free tier and a public data program to help governments, other orgs surface maps
who said it? president obama or an infomercial?
facebook adds video and new pricing to its mobile app ads 
blackberry's bbm will hit ios and android today, one month after botched launch
snag a disrupt europe ticket before prices jump tonight
yahoo to launch consumer tech site with help of new york times' david pogue
missed some stories this weekend? make sure to check out our weekend highlights
yandexs metrica for apps gives mobile developers another free tool to track their wares 
field testing microsoft's new surface 2, and surface pro 2 tablet hybrids
htc's ceo sheds some operational responsibility to focus on product amid falling market share
vcs try a new method: curated events
skim is snapchat for text
join us on facebook for techcrunch disrupt in berlin soon #disruptberlin
loop: the future of mobile payments or a temporary fix?
the key to entrepreneurial success in south asia
gillmor gang: bluetooth nipple rings
take a look back at the top stories from this week with our techcrunch weekly
ask a vc: greylock's simon rothman on disruptive marketplaces, greymarket and more
why the outlook for high-skilled immigration reform in 2013 remains troubled
raine group secretly acquired high school athlete site berecruited last year for $17m-$22m
digital loyalty platform pirq launches nationwide, gives up on daily deals 
automatic link review or: how i learned to stop worrying and love realtime driving feedback
social game developers to speak at disrupt europe about avoiding one hit wonders
aereo to launch in detroit on october 28
dijit can now send tv reminders to your email, on behalf of your favorite networks
rocket lawyer is free to use 'free', as court denies rival legalzoom a hearing for its false ad c...
e-loan specialist wonga buys billpay, the paypal of germany, to move deeper into payments
apple cfo oppenheimer says new carbon-balanced 'campus 2' will foster collaboration
"fashion inspiration" for tots: lil'stylers wants parents to snap and share their kids' best looks
hulu names fox's mike hopkins as ceo
a standalone messaging app is the last thing twitter needs
can't find the windows 8.1 update? here's how to get it
mode lands a $550k seed round led by david sacks to bring online collaboration to data science
flykly wants to turn your pedal bike into an e-bike by swapping out the back wheel and adding an app
waterhouse jumps wellington's ship to boost balderton's early stage activity
tailwind buys pinreach as pinterest analytics startups consolidate
hulu plus lands on the nintendo 3ds
stitch fix, the online personal shopping startup, sews up $12 million series b led by benchmark
focusing on ecommerce, olapic gives retailers access to customer behavior across its platform
mintigo raises $10m more to improve sales and marketing with social data
pocode gives small businesses an easy alternative to gps
turn report shows climbing ad rates in display and social
veeva systems' life science cloud ipo is a hit, raising $217 and closing up 85.8%
ibm revenues down $1 billion for third quarter as hardware sales falter with popularity of the cloud
apartment list acquires rentadvisor, bolstering their listings with reviews
linkedin's reid hoffman on two realistic outcomes of teaching everyone to code
chrome extends support for xp users until april 2015
from @crunchbase daily -  @refinery29 @mapbox @nginxorg @voxmediainc @countertack @samanage and 47 more raise money
veeva systems' life science cloud ipo is a hit, raising $194m with an 83% pop
telefonica takes a strategic stake in rhapsody, will bring napster into latin america, deeper int...
mobile games startup, playart labs, brings its art appreciation ipad game, artistico, to the iphone
refinery29 raises $20 million from stripes to build out mobile, branded content
social shopping app depop bags $1m seed from italian fashion-focused investors red circle and luca marzo...
square cash goes head to head with venmo and google wallet to allow anyone to send money via email
the cloud washers will lose
twitter doubles its q3 revenue, but its aggregate 2013 loss has widened to $133.8m
walmart expands same-day grocery delivery to denver
why accel is leading a $40m round in vox media, a digital content company (!)
intel beats the street in q3 2013 with $13.5 billion in revenue and $0.53 eps
deal aggregator 8coupons acquires clipless app to aid in move to mobile
party with techcrunch at disrupt berlin
apple's october 22 ipad and mac event now official as press receive invites
kodak alaris calls to app developers with new print api that sends photos to target and elsewhere
betting that millennials want substantive news and commentary, policymic raises $3m
meetme launches standalone dating app charm, where tinder meets vine
personalized video ad company sundaysky raises $20m round led by comcast ventures
skygiraffe gets strategic investment from microsoft to mobilize enterprises
it's time. oh yes, it's time. we're bringing the noise...
voxer adds a web version to its push-to-talk business messaging app
send in your questions for ask a vc with greylock's simon rothman
founder stories: for ping identity's andre durand, patience is a virtue 
itunes radio product manager gareth paul jones joins twitter to work on ad partnerships
cluster brings simple, social photo-sharing to android
australian startups zookal and flirtey to begin delivering textbook orders by drone
in call for startups to build apps for the super broadband highway, bt and techhub launch infinity lab
silicon valley's biggest tech startup conference and hackathon lands in berlin soon. are you coming?
atlassian earned $150m in revenues last year but competition intensifies with collaboration provi...
woojer is a wearable audio accessory for bass junkies who want to feel the noise
xero zeros in on another $150m to do battle with intuit in the world of online smb accounting sof...
flipcase adds some fun and games to apple's iphone 5c case
ditto defeats patent claim after teaming up with a troll
ion glasses are the unobtrusive notifications system you wear on your face
rappers are rapping about being verified (or not) on twitter
here is apple's mailer asking cupertino residents to support its new campus ahead of city council vote
you're not just the product, you're the ads (and your friends should thank you)
icann, w3c call for end of us internet ascendancy following nsa revelations
"app mention alerts" is a google alerts-like tool for mobile app developers
from @crunchbase daily -  @thefabricnet @unbxd @mobileiron @reclamador_es @gethairdresser and 32 more raise money
google to start employing user ratings and photos in shared endorsementsads
as google eyes 'android' branding for smart tv, the question is where android won't be
how harvey mudd transformed its computer science program -- and nearly closed its gender gap
is hp investing properly for a post-pc and post-printer future?
foundation: matt galligan on the next phase of circa 
airpush acquires hubbl for $15 million to bring native ads to mobile
punchh, the virtual stamp card that connects a restaurant's cash register to a customer's smart p...
peeqpeeq, the app that lets you "shop your email" expands, as company's next take on reimagining ...
mobile security app lookout gets $55m led by deutsche telekom to global, target enterprise
aereo for android launches on october 22
pinterest gets a widget on telefonica's android handsets, a deal that will give 316m users instan...
level helps you mind your money with apps, nabs $5m series a to make it happen
blackberry reportedly leaning towards breaking up assets as fairfax deal in doubt
twitter's silent chairman
t-mobile takes aim at rival carriers with free, unlimited international data 
brian chesky and sequoia's alfred lin on adding the wow factor to airbnb's customer support 
exmo, a mobile events platform making conferences more social, exits beta 
coreos receives investment from andreessen horowitz and sequoia for new cloud os built with googl...
partech brings the valley's venture philosophy to continental europe, closing $215m for two funds: ven...
pinterest's promoted pins are now in the wild, here's how they look
duolingo launches language incubator to let its community crowdsource new lessons
splice is github for musicians
cuttable, foldable sensors can add multi-touch to any device
collabspot integrates gmail with leading crm platforms
samsung goes first, google experiments and apple refines
sign up for hardware alley in disrupt, become a true tech ninja
what really happened at twitter's pre s-1 tea time?
php on google app engine now generally available
possible image surfaces of samsung's rumored smartphone with curved screen
keen on. clive thompson: could technology really be making us smarter?
fly or die: amazon kindle fire hdx
send in your questions for ask a vc with redpoint's geoff yang and ryan sarver
with a note-writing robot, bond is uber for gift giving
aereo's legal battle extends to utah as fox, other broadcasters file suit
american express serve goes after the "under-banked" with prepaid cards you load with cash in stores
if you can't beat 'em, join 'em -- uk's angels den jumps on the crowdfunding bandwagon
nest protect is a $129 smoke and carbon monoxide detector that takes nest deeper into the connect...
bbc launches bbc playlister, a social music service with spotify, youtube and deezer to tag track...
raspberry pi microcomputer racks up 1.75m global sales, 1m of which were made in uk.
pokkt, an alternative payments platform for mobile users in india, raises seed funding
branchout launches talkco to expand from networking into a whatsapp for the workplace
dg acquires republic project, a google ventures-backed ad startup, for $1.4m 
google glass gets transit directions so you can get your $1,500 head computer stolen on the bus
sparkcentral picks up $4.5 million to build its vision of social customer service
fox news and its big-ass touchscreens 
adblock plus reveals numbers behind ad whitelisting program for the first time
after socialbakers, now brandwatch also hires big to build out analytics platform
as feds fumble with bitcoin the internet trolls the fbi's "private" wallet
analyst: both iphone 5s and 5c outselling the samsung galaxy s4 at atandt and sprint
baidu names head of netdragon, one of china's top online gaming developers, to its board
announcing the agenda for techcrunch disrupt europe
what games are: the unfulfilled promise of videogames
the already abysmal nsa surveillance panel is now on hold due to the government shutdown
why tech's hottest companies want to hire more female engineers
the future of mobile taps and on-demand services
crunchweek: twitter's s-1, the silk road shutdown, and the rumored amazon phone
founder institute says it has graduated more than 1,000 companies
we recommend the following hotels for #disrupteurope #disruptberlin oct 26-29
saps looking for twitter bounce penny stock 1,400%, telegraph strong retail interest in its ipo
ask a vc: battery ventures brian omalley on angellist syndicates and the importance of a lead i...
hands-on with the kickstarted bohemian guitar company's 'oil can' guitars
twitter vs facebook ipo in one chart
white house's deputy tech advisor turns to bartending amid shutdown
mit scientists create modular robot blocks that can self-assemble and reconfigure
jamcam app lets you use songs in your mobile videos
hoberman, maire, sohoni to speak at #disrupteurope
cotap launches mobile messaging service for the business world
oscar, the new york health startup looking to revolutionize insurance, launches
dell may have a winner with its windows-powered venue 8 pro
in twitter's ipo filing, the letter to shareholders is fittingly concise
adobe gets hacked, product source code and data for 2.9m customers likely accessed
google gives android developers improved analytics to track users' acquisition and engagement data
this week on the tc europe podcast: google is the bad guy, techstars invades london, memoto becom...
a chinese mobile startup with global reach: android-based go launcher touches 80m monthly actives 
lavabit founder details government surveillance of secure email while documents disclose epic trolli...
from @crunchbase daily -  @quixey @pursway @tulipretail @jemstep @onelogin @getnarrative and 45 more raise money
brent hoberman, christophe maire and reshma sohoni to speak at disrupt europe in berlin
domino magazine re-launches as a digital, shoppable publication
tablets becoming must-have device for kids of all ages, ofcom research finds
koality closes its $1.8 million seed round from ff angel and others
snapchat gets its own timeline with snapchat stories, 24-hour photo and video tales
penn jillette turns to fundanything to become a bad guy
sen feinstein claims the nsa does collect phone call location information, contradicting the nsa
dell tries to crack the android tablet code (again) with the venue 7 and 8
facebook and cisco let brick-and-mortars demand customers check-in to get wi-fi 
linkedin's mobile update telegraphs its interest in endorsement data
vessel's a/b testing platform for ios and android launches out of closed beta
godaddy buys ronin, makes more inroads to small business cloud-based bookkeeping services
google's social sign-in growth slows in q3 despite google+ sign-in launch
500 startups confirms $44 million second fund, plans to invest in 200 startups over the next year
from @crunchbase daily -  @telogis @easyshift @listia @sefaira @quantopian @traxo @madefire and 53 more raise money
lista, a used goods marketplace, raises $9m to attack mobile
amidst obamacares marketplace madness, yec wants to help startups take the hassle out of health insurance
monsanto acquires weather big data company climate corporation for $1.1b
staples buys runa to square up to amazon in the e-commerce game for office supplies
estonian startup weekdone takes the pain out of team management and those pesky ppp reports
telogis raises $93m from kleiner perkins in pre-ipo round to extend location intelligence saas pl...
disrupt alum monsieur launches kickstarter campaign for its robo-bartender
the artist formerly known as blackberry now approved for nato deployment
littlebits' exploration kits will make you think differently about building hardware
keen on. why messageme might be the future of real-time communications 
in italy, uber launches free wifi in cars with wiman
reesio raises $1 million+ for its real estate software platform
quirky, the new york-based invention machine, brings on doreen lorenzo as president to build out prod...
music app-maker smule finally embraces the web with social network smule nation
calling hardware startups, compete in hardware battlefield for $50,000
watch start-up bathys creates an atomic clock for your wrist
with harpercollins deal, scribd unveils its bid to become the netflix for books
bring your hardware to disrupt europe in berlin
pitango closes new $270m fund to fuel more startups coming out of israel
taking first steps into monetization, viber messaging app announces a sticker market
social analytics startup socialbakers hires its first cmo, former adobe vp neil morgan
with weak back-to-school sales, the pc market is now microsoft's to save
syncsort acquires circle computer group as companies struggle to get data off ancient mainframes
facebook starts rollout of graph search for posts, comments, check-ins to reveal the past and present
email is the godfather of native ads, so tellapart makes adstack its first acquisition
anfacto lets you create single-purpose android devices for the workplace, restaurants, events
microsoft details skydrive's smart files feature, prepares to roll out bing-powered ocr search
from @crunchbase daily -  @twitchtv @hellofresh @plenummedia @glamboxme @azimomoney and 65 more raise money
hireart, a job applicant screening service used by airbnb, cisco, ebay and others, gets more afford...
bring your hardware to tc disrupt hardware alley in berlin this october
google to be punished in france for failing to pare back its overreaching privacy policy
android remote application framework provides true multi-screen experiences for mobile
the collaborative power of berlin-based researchgate 
mlb's ibeacon experiment may signal a whole new ball game for location tracking
what games are: steam's big bet
vetcloud hopes to unlock the dormant data in veterinary clinics around the world
the science behind using online communities to change behavior
good news: we're not axing net neutrality bad news: us gov probably shutting down
gillmor gang: sensorship
software for auto repair: with new funding in tow, estify sees big opportunity in an unsexy market
palantir raises $197m in growth capital, sec filing shows
agolo aims to algorithmically curate your twitter feed
microsoft increases windows 8 and 8.1 app roaming limit to 81 devices
techstars london first cohort: our three favorite startups from demo day
microsoft received 37,196 gov requests for data impacting 66,539 accounts in first half of 2013
telcos like telecom italia are failing european startups and it's got to stop
study: children reading fewer books, down 8% from 2012
htc to sell back its remaining stake in beats electronics for $265m
jeff bezos, switchboard operator
techcrunch #disrupteurope, berlin oct 26-29 features benchmark vc partners in conversation with @arrington
facebook starts up its mobile ad network again, focuses on improved targeting
cloud-based phone service ringcentral to debut at $13 on nyse, offering 7.5m shares to raise $97.5m
sudan's internet back up after a day in the dark
google research's open project makes it easy to project android apps onto touch screens
facebook starts letting you edit posts after you share them on web and android, ios soon
google updates their ios search app with google now push notifications
microsoft launches browserswarm to help web developers test their js frameworks and libraries
apple releases ios 7.0.2 with fix for lock screen bypass
writethatname's new chrome extension updates your address book or crm with contact info found ...
ford buys automotive app maker livio radio for 'less than $10m'
from @crunchbase daily -  @justfabonline @academia @doubledutch @gyft @neurotrack and 40 more raise money
eniac ventures debuts second, $12.9m fund to back mobile-first startups 
image-sharing site imgur says it reaches 100m unique visitors per month
paypal acquires payments gateway braintree for $800m in cash
justfab has raised another $40m led by hong kong's shining capital to take its fashion subscripti...
apple could bring artist-signed copies back to digital movies, books and music
elop conspiracy? not so much
apple turns apple tv into an ibeacon to enable 'touch to set up' with ios 7 devices
both apple and ea deny money exchanged to keep plants vs zombies off android
automattic acquires file-sharing service cloudup to build a faster media library and enable co-editing
instagram gets a mild ios 7 redesign with edge-to-edge images
twitter alerts lets you opt-in on push notifications from emergency organizations and ngos during crises
zoho goes for the small business customer by helping them organize and share their contacts at a ...
digital gift card platform gyft raises $5 million series a
verdict on pakistan youtube ban delayed as case is moved to high court full bench
urban compass raises $20m series a round at a $150m valuation; adds advance publications and marc...
cargo's brewbot makes you a smartphone-powered craft beer microbrewery starting at 1,500
amazon continues to quietly build the enterprise-optimized tablet with new kindle hd and hdx
alibaba group acquires kanbox, a personal cloud storage service
realnetworks bets on cross-device video sharing with realplayer cloud
elance, skilledup and smarterer launch new learning platform to let you learn, validate and find work in on...
petcube opens kickstarter campaign to let people play with their pets remotely
senators demand answers on nsa snooping -- by the end of 2014 
nowait, a mobile replacement for the restaurant buzzer, launches its consumer app
wpp's martin sorrell sees growing relevance for ad agencies in a tech-centric world
sold, the app that sells your stuff for you, arrives on android
to humanize its marketplace, rakutencom teams up with tidal labs for rakuten essential to add ...
y combinator alum strikingly begins marketing its mobile site builder in southeast asia
apple's iphone 5c build costs start at $173, entry-level 5s at $199, according to research firm ihs
with $3b under management, simplee lands $10m to bring medical bill payments into the smartphone era
cloudon brings its mobile productivity suite to the web
zoom video conferencing adds $6.5m in funding to drive expansion and uptake in education and health
line adds vine-style clip maker and video calling to its mobile messaging platform
formafina, a fab for the new rich of south america, raises $1.4m
up close and personal with microsoft's surface 2 and surface pro 2
betaworks and tim ferriss among first using general solicitation
cloudbees platform now connects to ios tool chain for enterprise developers to build and test apps
blackberry signs letter of intent to go private for $9 per share in deal valued at $4.7 billion
microsoft introduces 200gb skydrive storage upgrade for $100 per year
microsoft surface 2 and surface pro 2 pre-orders start tomorrow ahead of october 22 launch
raw stats and hands on notes for microsoft's new surface 2 and surface pro 2
mobincube, an app builder that's spawned 18k apps, raises $946k for us, int'l push
rampersand launches a $6m fund for australian startups
visualead raises $1.6m for qr codes that (kind of) blend in
64% of organizations have invested in or plan to invest in big data tech, but only 8% have starte...
vivaki partners with sparkreel to help marketers manage crowdsourced videos
the ambient economy
what games are: the perplexing ouya reflex
bbm's android and ios launch weekend going about as badly as possible
introducing apple's new "kids" app store
fly or die: the updesk upwrite
bitwall allows publishers to make money through bitcoin micropayments
gillmor gang: under my thumb
alert! #disrupteurope early bird ticket prices end monday (berlin, oct 26-29)
your nosy boy/girlfriend can unlock your iphone 5s with your thumb while you sleep
yep, thats really apple ceo tim cook on twitter:
nfl mvp adrian peterson launches fitness training app
verizon fios expands mobile tv support to android and iphone, now lets you watch live tv outside th...
microsoft in advanced talks to pay up to $200m for sf's secretive osterhout design ...
with 300k downloads, london-based yplan launches stateside in new york
bundshop gives contemporary chinese design a worldwide audience
crave, a maker of usb-powered luxury vibrators, raises $2.4m series a
apple working on fix for ios 7 lock screen vulnerability
wsj confirms it's parting ways with all things d, adding 20 new hires to 'new digital home' for tech news
why high-skilled immigration reform is stuck
pinterest to begin experimenting with promoted pin ads to make service sustainable
google makes quickoffice for ios and android free for everyone
apple adjusts 'app resurrection' policy, will allow developers to restrict versions
language startup busuu breaks livemocha's records, hits 35m users, 20m downloads
artillery teases upcoming game 'atlas', an html5-based 'spiritual successor to starcraft'
whitetruffle switches business models and launches a free version of its job matching tools
godaddy buys afternic to beef up its domain registry marketplace
deliv raises $6.85 million to bring same-day delivery to a store near you
gif marketing platform cinegif raises $500k in angel funding
watch a cat unlock the iphone 5s using touch id and the fingerprint sensor
posthaven rises from posterous' ashes to launch "e-mail to post" as it reaches financial sustaina...
apttus raises $37m for platform that automates the "quote to cash" process
this week on the techcrunch droidcast: nvidia's tegra note, cyanogen goes legit, and nexus 4 sold out...
twitter revamps its apps for ios 7, but bigger changes are yet to come
google updates chrome for ios with improved voice search and google apps integration
github adds 3d modeling features that make it a printer-agnostic choice for object sharing
apple's ios 7 update now available, all eyes turn to adoption rates
google's bigquery introduces streaming inserts and time-based queries for real-time analytics
swiss company-builder centralway opens $50m fund, invests $250k in bitcoin whitelabel exchange buttercoin
in india, a chauffeur trumps michelin-starred chef in list of start-up perks
graphene turns light into electricity for faster circuits
early bird ticket prices for #disrupteurope in berlin, oct 26-29 endmonday
edgertronic kickstarter project makes super slow-mo video more portable, convenient and affordable
app annie scores $15 million series c from sequoia and others for further global expansion
blackberry quietly announces its first phablet -- but z30 could be its last big phone
before and after ios 7: how your favorite apps are changing
iphone 5s review: apple's latest smartphone goes for (and gets) the gold
yep, social discovery startup sonar is dead (and its ceo explains why)
ea anoints dark horse candidate and ea sports evp andrew wilson as new ceo
adobe gets serious about its first hardware projects, will start selling a digital pen and ruler in ...
youmagine brings some heat to the free 3d model space
growing 10% weekly, grocery delivery service instacart expands to chicago
send in your questions for ask a vc with telefonica digital's tracy isacke
apkudo will start testing accessories in a bid to bolster the android ecosystem
etsy debuts pinterest-like curation platform for brands, pages
google's patent search engine expands global footprint with support for china, germany, canada and ...
amazon's instant video app adds airplay support for streaming to apple tv
european opentable competitor restalo raises $10m series b led by seaya ventures
polyvore expands beyond fashion (and into an older, more moneyed user base) with new home decor ...
hightail buys adeptcloud to add high level security and privacy features to file-sharing
nix is a smartphone colour sensor plus app that lets you scan and save favourite shades
"that's the dumbest thing i've ever heard of"
secure cellphone maker gsmk talks cryptography in a post-snowden world
with new file preview and mobile experiences, box highlights recent acquisitions 
how to stay productive on 4 to 6 hours of sleep (by @torbahax):
how to use your cellphone on the go without dying:
what the color of your pee says about your health:
ting's new savings calculator uses your current bill to show you what you'll save if you switch (also, free coffee!):
reader tips for gifs in imessage, building an ibeacon from a raspberry pi, and weatherproofing your own gear.
want to have great ideas more often? let's look at what the neuroscience says:
learn to become a phenomenal storyteller with pixar's 22 rules of writing:
think enterprise hard drives are better than consumer ones? not so fast:
the myth of the single credit score:
next up on the best of lifehacker 2013: our most popular top 10 lists.
discussion of the day: have you ever had a water cooling rig leak into your computer?
what's cholesterol and what should you care?
interesting research: blue light might be better than coffee for improving your focus and boosting brain power:
giving the gift of a shiny new gadget? don't forget to test it before you wrap it up:
readers tips for mobile firefox history, diy spoiler tags on facebook, and a simple habit-changing trick.
have a cool laundry or clothing hack to share? we're all ears:
looking for a good wi-fi hotspot? the verizon jetpack is flexible and has insane battery life, says @wirecutter:
want to know whether your laptop, tablet, or phone is upgradeable? here's how to find out:
doritos are tasty, but did you know you can make bread with them (and it's actually good?) here's how:
the free zikk app for android is the easiest way for techies to help friends and family:
taasky makes quick and beautiful to-do lists on your iphone: 

in case you missed any, here were the top downloads this week:
keep text and links synced across web, chrome, firefox, ios and android with belt.io:
one smart way to get over your fear of public speaking is to greet your audience at the door before you start:
igoogle may be gone, but ichrome wants its legacy to live on in google chrome's new tab:
who's been reading your whatsapp? catch snoops red-handed with peeperpeeper for android:
binder clips and wrapping paper make pretty quick-fix food labels, avoid allergy accidents:
this flowchart clears up a very important matter: is that a sweet potato or a yam? 
"don't be afraid to break things." -eric dementhon's (@padmapper) best advice. read the rest:
look, ma, no hands! now you can say "ok google" on your desktop to start a search:
stow is an app that makes packing for your next big trip a breeze, and now it's even better:
two of our writers duke it out: which is better, pc gaming
sputnik is a new rss reader on the scene with a pretty layout and shortcut-based navigation:
make your own sets of one-click tab launchers with launchbot:
*this* is probably the biggest mistake people make on twitter:
the kitchen appliances everyone on a budget should have (via @readyforzero):
don't waste hours of your life this week. cook this delicious, two-hour turkey instead:
tired of rescanning your fingerprints on the iphone? try this quick fix:
13 things not to buy on black friday (via @dealnews):
steam has added user reviews to its store, so you can decide whether a game is right for you:
looking for a fast, simple way to manage your photos? unbound for mac is worth a look:
bummed that turntable.fm is shutting down? we have a replacement that might be better:
check out the best questions, answers, and discussions from this week's reader open thread:
planning a trip? one of these five great travel planning apps will get you there:
don't waste your time finding cheap airfare. let hitlist for ios tell you the best time to fly
broke that lipstick? grab a blow dryer or matches and you can fix it in a jiffy:
if you have trouble removing gunk or haze from your dishes, these tested additives will get the job done:
edit a lot of text on your ipad or iphone? you need this app:
interested in one of those new game controllers for your iphone? you might want to wait:
whatsbusy shows you how long you'll wait at security before you even leave for the airport:
make healthier pancakes with just two ingredients:
use this terminal command when you forget to type sudo:
tennis balls can make your life a lot easier if you use them for these tricks instead of playing tennis:
adblock plus now handles youtube's biggest annoyances:
latis makes your bookmarks sidebar look nicer and easier to use:
love books? love free or super-cheap books? you'll love bookbub:
indulging in too much retail therapy? here's how to defeat the urge to binge shop:
today's featured workspace is cozy and perfect for those who love books:
after 15 glorious years, winamp is shutting down. it's a sad day indeed:
sitting all day is killing us. fight back with this app, which tells you when and how to take fitness breaks:
5 big mistakes keeping you in debt (and how to overcome them):
air travel can suck. prepare for the biggest annoyances with an "emergency" travel kit:
a great stopwatch for iphone that can handle your interval training exercises:
make sure you get the right kind of disability insurance:
decrease your chances of being arrested with these tips from an ex-cop:
my biggest interview mistakes (and how to avoid them) via @dailymuse:
get the most from windows explorer with these tips, tricks, and shortcuts:
i'm about to go to college and could use some financial advice.
don't get defensive: communication tips for the vigilant (via @harvardbiz):
brick your router? a raspberry pi might be able to help:
want to make google now a bit more helpful? here are some tricks to try:
video pinner keeps youtube videos on top while you scroll down and read the comments:
no bottle opener? no problem! open a beer bottle with a butter knife:
ever try to pick thyme leaves off the stem? it's no fun. peel them with a mesh strainer and a pestle:
tupperware containers can get pretty smelly. remove that odor with a bit of crumpled newspaper:
customize your desktop from top to bottom, no matter what os you use:
"the credit belongs to the man in the arena." - theodore roosevelt
this list contains everything you need to host the perfect party:
there are dangers lurking in every home. here's how to avoid the most common injuries that happen in everyday life:
want to save a ton of money on your groceries? shop mid-week or off-hours for the biggest bargains:
you should keep a trash can in your car. for snow emergencies. seriously.
how i learned to stop nagging my kids and start motivating them instead:
here's a great place to hide money when you're traveling:
unemployed? no problem, here's everything you need to know:
your slow cooker or crock pot is great for tons of things, but did you know you can bake a cake in it? yup:
should people be dressing better for air travel?
"you have to be willing see a lot of hard work on the cutting room floor. " more with @mailbox's co-founder:
get black friday deals now--without all the hassle:
streambels brings one-tap airplay and dlna streaming from android to any tv, stereo, or set-top box:
sugru + keys = being able to identify them quickly and easily by touch.
installing cyanogenmod just got a lot easier with the new cyanogenmod installer. no pre-existing root required even!
how to turn off cellular data for specific ios apps:
hard drives don't last forever. here's how long you can expect yours to last, based on an analysis of 25,000 drives:
here's how to override your hotel room thermostat and set it as warm or cool as you want:
a go bag catering to the cross-country traveler:
you know all those old gadgets and pc parts you've stashed over the years? we'd like to see them:
put an end to stupidly small text on web pages:
need to be more persuasive? tell stories:
the right way to parallel park, step-by-step:
ios 7's calendar uses 1 minute increments for new events. double tap the wheel to switch it to 5 minute increments:
you're more likely to spend money if it's old. you're less likely to spend crisp, new bills in high denominations:
in case you missed any, here were the most popular downloads this week:
think about your perfect "average day." then set your life goals in relation to that:
feeling anxious about a certain task? that's the one you should probably do first:
what are the unwritten rules of your office?
"try no to become a man of success. rather become a man of value."
fancy yourself a writer? here's a growing list of all the best resources for writers young and old:
speek offers free, one-click web and conference calls at your desk or on the go:
this week on the podcast, we discuss a lot of google news, cheap pc games, computer building tips, and more:
why i love to haggle (and how you can get started):
know what each port does on your mobile battery pack:
tea is like a miracle drink for your health. here's how to get the most from every cup:
your flex spending account might now allow a $500 rollover each year. all the more reason to sign up for yours:
with power tools, even cleaning the bathroom can be fun. here's how to scrub your tub with a cordless drill:
does pessimism help you in your job?
swype updates with more keyboard layouts, continuous dictation, and more:
the new doxie flip is a portable scanner for photos, notes, and more. we tested one out, here's what we thought:
mute.fm automatically lowers the volume on your music whenever you click play on a video:
two two two measuring cups in one:
few people *love* their wireless carrier, but only one could earn your title as the worst:
sometimes the okay sign is not okay. avoid etiquette snafus by knowing what hand gestures mean in other countries:
there have been a ton of wearable computers coming out this year. are they worth your time yet, though?
google helpouts connects you to experts over live video to solve real problems, from home repairs to tech troubles:
readers share tips for keeping dyson dryers running, text-expanding urls, and learning all about pocket knives.
we usually make go bags for ourselves. this one came in the form of a very sweet anniversary gift:
lastpass, our favorite password manager, has a sharp new look and tons of new features. here's what's new:
with the right approach, you can create a truly awesome home office that you'll love to work in:
plug is a tiny, lightweight, beautiful hype machine player for the mac:
set aside "prefrontal mondays" for big thinking:
it's been awhile since we've seen an awesome new way to wrap your headphones, but this "winding" method is great:
for the best professional network, follow the "2+1" rule:
happy #evilweek everyone! here are our top 10 ways to unleash your inner evil:
don't give prior notice for the big discussions.
in case you missed any of the #evilweek party this week, here were our most popular posts:
the best time to drink your coffee, according to science:
everything you need to know about choosing a retirement plant (from our friends @consumerist):
want a secret lair like a bond villain or evil mastermind? here's how to set one up:
5 things serial killers can teach us about confidence:
google has officially announced the next version of android, "kitkat." here's what's new:
even more important than your actual age is your "fitness age." here's how to find out what yours is:
it turns out that evil millionaires know quite a bit about money. here's their best advice in honor of #evilweek:
try the eisenhower matrix with this android app to prioritize your to-do list by urgency and importance:
add a remote shutter switch to your camera, even if it's not built for one:
how can i make my own locally-hosted start page?
"i'd actually never programmed a day in my life." lots of advice for novice devs in our chat with carrot's founder:
how much screen time should children get every day?
stress does horrible things to our body and mind, but there's hope:
need to snack before you exercise? this is what you should eat:
part 4 in our series with @ramit - how to get no-fee, no-minimum bank accounts:
dispatch, one of the most powerful email apps on the iphone, gets a bunch of new features:
if your flight gets cancelled, don't rely on the airline agents to find the best alternative flight! do it yourself:
how to confront and conquer 7 big financial fears:
it's #evilweek. what's more evil than breaking into someone else's computer? here's how to do it, with video:
what's the most evil thing you've ever done?
why you should think less like a superhero and more like a villain:
want to get into exclusive parties and clubs, but don't have an invitation? we can help:
steam's beta client lets you prioritize which game's updates get downloaded first. here's how:
you shouldn't text and drive, but if you need more proof, this graph shows state-by-state penalties for doing it:
microwave a wet dish towel in a ziploc for an emergency hot water bottle:
make your own diy nail polish remover-in-a-jar:
photoshop replacements, smart home screens, and more: in case you missed it, here were the top downloads this week.
here's a good tip from twitter's @jack: create a daily "do and don't" list for better behavior:
google is a powerful tool, even if you disregard its built-in features. here are our top 10 clever search tricks:
should you arrange a pre-nup before getting married?
want better skin? wash your face at night:
your iphone acting a little quirky? give these settings a look:
how to stay calm and not yell at your kids (even if you're really mad):
how to optimize your mac for fast, smooth gaming:
does a higher life expectancy drive up the retirement age?
the equivalent of a multi-tool for your smartphone or tablet:
which travel router is the best for sharing wi-fi with all your gear? you tell us:
uh oh. today's college students are going to have to work until they're 73:
how to curb your financial "cravings":
it's wallpaper wednesday! this week, grab these great photos from os x mavericks:
having trouble with performance on ios 7? disable the blur effect:
a weird, but effective way to make better conversations:
how i saved $60k for retirement on a $40k salary:
not satisfied with os x's maverick's advertised features? check out these secret ones:
we compared five great language learning tools, but you voted on the best. here's what you said:
should you upgrade to os x mavericks? well...it's not looking so good:
os x mavericks is here and it's free. here's everything you need to know about it:
choose the best airport security line by looking at how many tsa agents are on it:
ultimate sound control lets you tweak and customize every little noise your android phone makes:
show us your favorite bathroom hack:
bbm is now available for android as well as ios!
bbm, blackberry's alternate texting app, is now available for ios:
use dropbox for music storage? this iphone app makes playing that music from the cloud easy:
how to master the mental game of sticking to a budget:
try sitting somewhere new at work for a brainstorming boost:
looking to learn a new language? we have five great ways to pick one up:
instagram doesn't let you zoom in on photos, but you can still do so with an ios setting:
need to jump your car but there's no one around? call a taxi service like uber:
don't pay for paint. get some for free at your local recycling center:
want to make a super quick voice memo? sayandgo does just that:
a trick to avoid burning your tongue on starbucks coffee:
if you're not using onenote yet, you might want to take another look at its awesome note-taking powers:
unspoiler blocks spoilers for your favorite shows on twitter, facebook, and more. finally, you can surf in peace:
this week on the podcast, we're talking about windows 8.1, ubuntu 13.10, android security, and health myths:
pushbullet sends files, lists, photos, and more from the web to your phone. now it can send them back other way, too:
need a little extra space in your home? a few tips can help you out, and you can learn them in just a minute:
libraries are missing from windows explorer in windows 8.1. here's how to bring them back:
we've tried a lot of things that "fix" email, but nothing's really worked. here's why:
"the benefits of working in an office before going out on your own" (via our pals @primermag):
how different is online dating for men and women?
making a home office fit in with the rest of a home isn't easy, especially with an open floor plan. this one works:
check out this cheat sheet of gimp keyboard shortcuts to get even better at using the free photo editor:
avast 2014 packs new protection modes to keep your computer safe, an all new interface, and more:
want a quick energy boost? call your mother. seriously, we have the science to prove it!
should you call your landlord for minor diy problems?
rebooting seems to fix most computer problems, right? here's why:
making videos and short films can cost a lot, but it doesn't have to. get started on a budget:
bake soft, perfectly sized cookies with a muffin tin:
upbeat charts the web's best new music, streams it for free, and then lets you decide what's worth listening to:
how do different types or amounts of carbs affect insulin levels?
"you can't schedule creativity."
sick of complicated personal finance tools? level money might be the app you're looking for:
the world's full of misinformation about your health.  today we're busting some long-held myths!
are you using a custom android launcher? if not, here are a few reasons why you should:
this google url is one of the fastest ways to make a quick qr code:
keep your address book always up-to-date with this handy chrome extension:
don't like that little windows shortcut arrow? this tool can remove or replace it:
use a crayola crayon for size and color comparisons when selling stuff online:
can a low-carb ketogenic diet help control type ii diabetes?
atandt is ditching tiered voice and text plans in favor of a new unlimited plan:
rt @lifehackerdeals: great deals on usb 3.0 externals, otterbox iphone cases, samsung 840 evo ssd, and a lot more:
this video puts 30 common life hacks to the test. let's see if they pass or fail:
windows explorer has some serious sorting options hidden behind a little arrow. how did i never notice these?
this tiny, pocket router fits outlets in over 150 countries and charges your usb gadgets:
when you don't know where to begin, you need to start tinkering:
launch center pro updates with a ton of new actions, a new ui, and more:
science has done plenty of research into perfecting that first date. here's what we know works:
kale, collards, and other leafy greens are good for you. here's how to take the hassle out of prepping them:
t-mobile announces free, unlimited roaming for over 100 countries. it's slow, but...it's free:
add a wireless charging system to your headphones:
this home office is covered nearly floor-to-ceiling with traditional art (horses and hunting!):
windows updates are a space hog. recover tons of wasted disk space with the new windows update cleanup tool:
this quick kitchen hack keeps leaky bottles from oozing all over your countertops:
everyone needs a disaster kit and your smartphone is an important part in it:
always add value when replying to emails, or just don't reply at all:
fit more food in that tiny fridge by ditching the excessive packaging:
the best way to position your lamps for proper task lighting:
why does confidence matter so much? here are a few science-backed reasons (as well as tips on how to improve yours):
tabletrocket lets you compare tablet specs, benchmarks, and more side-by-side before buying:
make a battery out of a cola can and a penny:
dictate emoticons to your iphone:
rt @lifehackerdeals canon eos t3, flash storage, a logitech wireless mouse, and more in todays dealhacker roundup:
easily maintain your wood cutting boards with a bit of oil:
ten ways to earn frequent flyer miles without ever boarding a flight:
here's a great little chrome trick: limit your omnibox suggestions to search terms only with a question mark:
a recent study shows that mental exhaustion can lead to a more tiring workout:
this massive chart will guide you to a great beer based on the ones you like (and the right glass to drink it in):
why a zero-sum budget may be the best way to track your spending:
"talent hits a target no one else can hit.  genius hits a target no one else can see." - arthur schopenhauer
iframely is a chrome extension that automatically previews links in gmail messages:
this is what your coffee grind should look like, based on your brewing method:
airport lounges may be the travel industry's best-kept secret. here's what you need to know about them:
five money excuses that hold you back (and how to overcome them):
make a child-friendly hammock out of a table and a large bed sheet:
"you are what you settle for." - janis joplin
when your to-dos turn into projects, what tool do you use to keep them all organized? let us know:
earbits brings its fast, flexible, and totally free (and ad-free) streaming music service to the iphone and ipad:
findit searches gmail, dropbox, and google drive all from one unified app. pretty handy:
mytime schedules appointments for car repairs, haircuts, doctor's visits, and more with a few clicks:
turns out transferring slow-motion videos from your iphone 5s to your computer isn't that easy:
omer perchik tells us about how one of our favorite to-do list managers, @anydo, came to be:
learn the science of cooking with this free online course from harvard and top chefs:
calibrating your laptop battery is important. here's why:
get a little more out of feedly with these extensions and user scripts:
make a kite out of an old umbrella:
bring your car into the future with a raspberry pi-powered computer:
freedompop launches the first completely free cell phone plan. free voice, free text, free data (really):
better history makes your browser history...well, better!
canary calendar syncs with your google calendar and facebook events, and makes scheduling a snap:
how much does a "cadillac" health plan cost in additional taxes?
compare specs of features of popular cameras, including their sensors size:
sick of pulling out your keys just to unlock your car? use your phone:
do you know the difference between an americano and a long black? this video guide to coffee will set you right:
got a few ebooks that are missing metadata? calibre can download it automatically for you:
how long does your antivirus add to your boot time? @soluto finds out:
great tip: identify nail polish, paint cans, and more by painting the color of the item on its lid.
do you love podcasts?  make listening to them even better with a few tips:
we've updated our pick for the best weather app on the iphone:
want more storage space on google drive? you can probably free some up just by converting some files:
the best, cheap ways to decorate your boring walls:
don't get fleeced on your next hotel stay. get these fees removed in advance:
facebook now (finally!) lets you edit posts after publishing them:
the ask lifehacker podcast is live! come join us for news, questions, and tips!
don't like chrome's new "new tab" page? here's how to switch back to the old one:
the popular video client vlc gets an update that adds support for a ton of new formats:
how to "just say no" to peer pressured spending:
the preventative maintenance you need to do on your car, and when you should do it:
how to turn a conversation about money from awkward to productive:
check out this well-designed home office for him and her:
working on a locked down pc? you can still be productive! here's how:
mini tasker is a free, powerful automation tool that bends your android phone to your will:
use chair signs for some cubicle privacy (and other great cubicle tips):
sick of obnoxious people spoiling your favorite shows? this app blocks spoilers on your iphone:
water you boil in the microwave can get super-heated and explode. here's how to prevent that from happening:
here's what employers are really looking for when they ask common job interview questions:
has your cast iron seen better days? this video guide shows you how to care for your cast iron:
register more than five fingerprints on your iphone 5s (up to 25!):
a 24/7 bag that's always with you...except when you're sleeping. :) 
just a couple minutes of exercises can make your feet feel better all day long:
instapaper's most recent updates adds some great sorting options, support for video, and more:
nice weather is a beautifully minimal, colorful weather app for android:
this chrome extension automatically opens certain sites in incognito mode. handy for...stuff.
you can move back and forth in windows explorer with alt+left and alt+right:
if you've ever had to convert a pdf to an image or extract text from one, this tool is for you:
ios 7 has a lot of awesome, secret features.  check out our top 10 favorites:
what would happen if you decided to just be completely, 100% honest?
from ios 7 to higher-energy workdays, nfc tricks, and investment advice, here were this week's top posts:
why you should track your efforts, not your achievements:
this week's featured desktop is a dual monitor setup with plenty of "fighting spirit." you'll get it when you see it:
what's your favorite vacation spot?
can't stop banging your headboard against the wall? you don't have to stop doing...what you're doing. just do this:
quickoffice is a fantastic office suite on android and iphone already. but now that it's free it's hard to beat:
it's not economical at all, but it is pretty cool to turn a raspberry pi into a point and shoot camera:
macrorit lets you perform a more targeted scan of your hard drive for errors:
if the item you want is out of stock, ask for an equal-or better-replacement. you'd be surprised how often it works:
it's wallpaper wednesday!  slap some motivation on your desktop:
overloaded with ios news? here's everything you need to know in one convenient package.
organize your garage with this six-zone system:
pssst. you can now download the latest version of itunes, complete with the new itunes radio streaming:
malware search for chrome and firefox makes sure that download is legit before you click it:
what's the best weather widget for android?
how to build a modern, space-saving box bed:
if you missed it this weekend: here are 10 ways to keep your workday healthier, more energetic, and more productive:
life advice from 18 of the world's wealthiest and most successful people in one interactive graphic:
check out this ingenious way to hold cables on your desk:
do you review your bank and credit statements every month? if you don't, you may be throwing money away:
this week's featured bag will comfortably take everything you need on a hike or when you go out and explore the city:
how one late student loan payment affects you:
want to type faster? use os x's autocomplete:
chirp shares photos and links across android and ios via quick sound clips. neat!
trying to get out of debt? download this snowball debt calculator and get started:
transform that old laptop into the ultimate treadmill entertainment center.
if you've been out of the loop for a bit, wikipedia's date view is an awesome way to catch up on current events:
wrangle a roll of electrical tape with a modified scotch tape dispenser. 

you can get better service and better stuff if you learn the secrets of the service industry:
how can you turn off "seen by" messages in facebook chat? our friends @stackexchange have the answers:
finally, a fix for gmail users who wish they could get the old compose window back:
"time lost is never found again."
this week's featured desktop is quite elementary:
should your potential job supervisor be in on the hiring process?
don't take a job immediately if the company tries to hire you directly after the interview:
is it bad to stay at one company for too long? how short is too short? an answer:
auri not only reads your rss feeds out loud to you, it lets you control it via voice commands.
call filter alarm lets you sleep in peace, but makes sure really important calls get through:
is tip pooling a fair practice?
need to make some electronics, but don't want to screw up your gear? plan ahead with 123d circuits:
here's what really happens when you tip your server more or less money:
need a little extra cash? here's our complete guide to making money in your spare time:
need a little privacy? surespot for android encrypts your texts and pictures for free:
how hard is it to give up sugar?
the arduino yn is an arduino and linux machine all in one:
the best and worst careers and college degrees, based on job outlook, work environment, and salary:
simplenote is in the middle of a major overhaul, and their first release is this gorgeous new android app:
readers share tips for working around admin privileges, banishing telemarketers, and tracking countryside walks:
show us your garden! we're dying to see what you green thumbs have been working on all summer.
don't fight a battle on behalf of your coworker(s).  it can just make you hate your job:
renting but want to mount your tv to the wall? here's how to do it without upsetting the landlord:
solve your annoying life problems, $5 at a time:
how to make the most of your college years:
some concert and sports venues won't give you the cap when you buy a bottle of water. so bring your own!
you might not need to jump long distances very often, but when you do, here are a few great tips.
this arduino-powered lamp projects weather conditions directly on the lampshade.
if you ever find someone's lost phone, you can return it with the imei number. 

in case you missed it, here were our top posts this week: discount tricks, slow iphones, android rooting, and more.
someone made a list of every tv show on netflix, sorted by their imdb rating. it's awesome.
check out this midcentury-style office in today's featured workspace:
looking for an easy way to save money on any budget? stop spending $1 bills.
make a reading ring to keep any book open with ease:
today on the podcast, we discuss netflix hacks, laptop docks, and the stupidity of the android kitkat "debate."
check for affiliation discounts before booking a hotel (and you might save a lot!):
new chrome apps run on the desktop, offline and outside the browser:
how to write a successful blog and get more people to read it:
you can download the stock android keyboard (with some extra, sweet graphing features added in) to any phone:
facebook's new shared photo albums feature lets you consolidate all the photos from that one party or vacation:
hello september! here are the best things to buy this month:
five tricks to beat your unhealthy eating habits:
how long to nap, for the biggest brain benefits:
are you using your social media accounts to look good to potential employers? you probably should be:
our friends at the @wirecutter review the best standing desks at any budget:
what ways have you found to speed up your old iphone or ipad?
sick of trying to find where to delete your online accounts? just delete me guides you through the process:
need to gracefully back out of an obligation?  it's not that hard if you have a plan:
make super bowl-worthy chicken wings on the grill:
if you don't have a place for your printer, hide it away in a modded desk drawer or file cabinet:
if you're burning the midnight oil at work, you can feed your pets remotely with this pi-controlled food dish.
want to exercise at your desk? forcibly tie your productivity to the spinning of a treadmill.
hugo is a handy extension that can search for test within all of your open tabs at once.
can't keep your credit card rewards programs straight? reward summit tells you which card to use at any store.
knew tab is another new tab page extension for chrome, and it's really pretty.
apple now lets you trade in your old iphone for a new one. here's what you need to know about the new program:
shopping for school supplies? don't leave the house without this guide:
botifier sends notifications from your android device to your car stereo display:
this week's featured desktop puts the focus on your music:
you might think fall is time to pull up your garden, but if you love garlic, now's the time to plant some!
three ways your wandering thoughts can actually be constructive (via our friends @fastcompany):
here are the best times to exercise, whether you prefer morning or night:
if you're sick of typing in your sudo password in ubuntu, you can lengthen your sudo sessions with this tweak:
having trouble with line breaks screwing up your flow? a keyboard shortcut can help:
build this automatic plant watering system from some plastic baggies, a needle, and thread:
it's wallpaper wednesday!  take your desktop out of the realms of reality and into a fantasy world:
why you always think that other lane in traffic is moving faster than yours:
alright guys and gals, let's talk. who pays when you go on a date?
having trouble making a big decision? grab a pen and paper and try this simple test:
we gave you five great video converters, but only one could remain after the polls closed:
build an arduino-controlled solar fountain (and other great back yard hacks):
if you missed it this weekend: 10 skills and supplies you need to make this your most productive school year yet.
sick of software updates constantly bugging you? update freezer manages update frequency for a number of programs:
you don't need to buy disposable water filters. with a little activated charcoal, you can refill them yourself:
having a tough morning? up on the wrong side of the bed? now's the time to brainstorm, or tackle that tricky problem:
why do we have to think of apps as services?
quickly create a folder with selected items in the os x finder:
just because an app is "dead" doesn't make it useless. here's why you should give it a second chance:
full throttle cranks up your laptop's power when you need it most:
looking for a flexible, free, pomodoro productivity timer? marinara fits the bill:
this may be the easiest way to stabilize a cutting board.
this diy hand pump can move a ton of water or air, and you can build it out of pvc.
this diy dual pane dog door keeps the elements out of your house.
it's not like you're ever going to enjoy paying bills, but they're a little more fun when they're much lower:
how can you find out where an email really came from? our friends @stackexchange have the answers:
here's how to diagnose and cure the most common reasons your houseplants are dying:
attention, microsoft office users: these seven add-ins and apps can make you even more productive:
dominate your fantasy football draft with this cheat sheet:
overtask turns chrome's boring new tab page into a personal organizer that keeps you focused:
is peerblock good protection when using bittorrent?
the ask lifehacker podcast is live right now! come on in and ask us some questions:
usemon shows you how much system resources are being used up right from your notification shade:
don't kill spiders--they're beneficial little creatures. instead, catch and release them with this diy contraption:
the awesome @linustech explains what "retina" really means, and how to find out if your device is retina:
grab monoprice's 50+ discount on anything you buy with this coupon code:
is using a baking steel better than using stone or ceramics?
chrome now lets you try a secret google search page as well as a new new tab page:
need to find out the real value of your car? here's how:
all year we've been chatting with productivity heroes in our "how i work" series. now, we want to know how you work:
how to turn your iphone into a simple, distraction-free device:
turn your bright and noisy bedroom into a sleep paradise:
use your internship as an opportunity to network.
minuum is a lot cooler (and more accurate) than you'd think a squashed-down keyboard would be:
this interactive tool shows you the cheapest cell phone plans for your needs:
contacts+, one of our favorite address books for android, is now available for the iphone too:
so you've got a ton of free cloud storage. what do you use it all for?
doing some cooking or baking?this mass to volume cheat sheet makes measuring ingredients easy:
youtube's got a new look on android, plus the ability to watch a video and browse at the same time:
how to set up a new home when you're on a tight budget:
homeowner's insurance can cover more than just the stuff inside your home. always check your policy:
some people have been having syncing issues with @wunderlist lately. here's the fix:
avoid a blender disaster with a simple kitchen towel:
we all react to color, and this chart helps you understand how color affects your mood:
need a drill press, but don't want to spend hundreds? you can build your own out of pvc pipe.
if an eyelet snaps on an old pair of shoes, some sugru can patch it right up.
if you're saving properly, you shouldn't have to change course just because of a shaky economy.
next time you move, trash bags can keep your entire closet intact and save you a ton of time.
should you always try to avoid private mortgage insurance?
if you're worried about overspending when someone takes you out to dinner, ask their recommendations on what to eat.
give most fruits the sniff test to tell if they're ripe or not:
have trouble falling asleep quickly at night or for naps? this simple mind hack might help:
this week's featured desktop is up all night to get lucky:
someone turned the eames elephant into an office supply organizer.  you can too!
"opportunity looks a lot like hard work." @aplusk drops some wisdom:
you probably know that eye-fi makes wi-fi-enabled sdhc cards, but transcend might have a worthy competitor:
new yorkers! don't forget to come hang out with the lifehacker staff tonight at our nyc meetup! details here:
hate waking up in the morning? this alarm clock will make you hate it more (but actually get you out of bed):
have some old sd cards from a previous phone or old camera? here are some creative ways to use them:
how common a problem are bed bugs?
how to avoid hotels' new outrageous fees (housekeeping fees, early checkout fees, towel fees, coffeemaker fees!):
turn a milk jug into a watering can (and nine other food-related hacks):
how to build a heads-up display for your car:
sendit pro lets you send pictures and video via google voice, among other things:
stop sweating the small details of your resumethey don't matter:
if you're going to sign up for things that check your credit, do as many of them in close succession as possible:
if you're thinking of skipping college, you can still get a job, but there are some things you need to know:
polished concrete isn't just for floors and countertops. here's how to make a good-looking desk from it:
want to make sure the next round of layoffs passes you by unscathed? here's how to make yourself essential at work:
when illustrator's get organized, they put together some cool workspaces:
the lovely @margaretroach of our favorite garden blog, a way to garden, is chatting live for the next hour - join in!
use a raspberry pi to add cheap voice controls to your home electronics:
concerned about internet privacy? this graphic has tips to help keep you safe and secure:
if you have any doors in your house that you want to keep open, a pool noodle will get the job done.
an old beer keg makes for an awesome looking charcoal grill. 

empty butter wrappers can still be useful.
learn to be frugal without getting frustrated:
the right photo can make all the difference when selling online. here's how to make yours look great:
have a friend who suddenly hulked out and became a jerk? here's how to deal with them:
can't decide which streaming music service is for you? this chart will help:
ever lift a heavy box or milk crate only to have the handles painfully dig into your hands? let's fix that:
do you have a favorite app to keep track of the food you eat? which one do you think is the best? let us know:
the ask lifehacker podcast is live right now! come on in and join us, and ask us some questions!
we like speccy, but hwinfo provides even more information about your pc. probably more than you'll ever really need:
here's a creative workspace where the diy desk hangs from the ceiling:
need a better media player for your iphone or ipad? try infuse. it looks great, and plays anything you throw at it:
why doesn't everyone save for retirement?
instagram brings photo straightening to ios, video to android:
lifelong learner? planning your diy education? here's a database of free, open education sources (online and off):
exercise and learning are closely tied together. here's how to make the most of it:
tracking amazon prices so you can snag a bargain just got easier. here's how to roll your own price tracker:
we put five online backup services against each other, and let you vote for the winner. your favorite was clear:
trigger your camera with sound and lightning (plus other great camera hacks).
be careful when saying "yes" or "no" during a salary negotiation:
"three times i used my emergency fund: was i right to dip into it?" via our friends @learnvest:
ifttt for ios is great! here's everything you can do with it:
the biggest mistakes runners of all levels make (and how to fix them):
you can't fully protect yourself from social engineering hacks, so don't go crazy trying:
our good pal @nomadicmatt is chatting live right now about travel hacking! join in:
your vacation is part of your compensation, just like your paycheck. don't leave it on the table:
cottontracks is a better way to organize your browser search history:
hack your chipotle burrito bowl to get more tasty for less money with this trick:
stress is contagious, but so is calmness.
dusting sucks, but if you move through rooms in a circular pattern, you'll never miss a spot (or do one twice).
saffron is ridiculously expensive, but there is a way to stretch each thread to its fullest potential.
this cheap lasagna pan grill is perfect for camping and tailgating. 
what's the best way to safely put out a grease fire? the experts @stackexchange have the answers:
clever wine glass storage tip: hang stemware with molding:
try amazon prime for 30 days free, then get a $10 amazon gift card with a paid membership:
build your own gameboy-sized system with a beaglebone:
need good-looking, high quality screen recordings from your android phone or tablet? this app does the trick:
which online backup service do you think is the best? let us know:
come join us live right now for the podcast!
how did you handle the sudden loss of a loved one?
how to fix 11 of the most common household appliance problems:
chrome's new tab page is okay, but it's a bit boring. spice it up with these awesome apps and extensions:
it's wallpaper wednesday!  give your desktop a bird's eye view:
wall mount anything with ease with this ingenious trick:
we all have little ways of dealing with stress and anxiety. what are some of yours?
"why i went without coffee for a month":
these 10 awesome life hacks will improve your summer:
this app will help you navigate on your iphone without killing the battery:
get extra space in your home by building shelves directly into the walls:
how to get more bacon flavor in every bite of your bacon burger:
need a good looking, but cheap case for your raspberry pi? here's one built from oak for under $10:
priority should be an essential part of your to-do list, not an afterthought. david allen himself explains why:
install a game console in the back seat of your car:
"regret for wasted time is more wasted time."
google's chromecast dongle is worth exactly what it costs:
new metrotab for chrome adds useful, beautiful live tiles of your favorite sites and more to every new tab:
the cheapest, simplest way to monitor the office coffee maker.
lux kicks the pants off android's default auto-brightness setting.
markdownpad is an extremely powerful markdown editor featuring html exporting, a live preview pane, and more.
instabrowser is perfect for loading websites with a weak cell signal.
make chocolate mousse with just two ingredients:
some car insurance companies charge more money based on your education level or work status:
what's the most unusual question you've ever been asked in a job interview?
are rechargeable batteries really cost effective? find out:
still taking lunch to work in a brown bag? try one of these bags, containers, and boxes instead to upgrade:
which gps do you think is the best? is a phone good enough, or is there room for stand-alone units? let us know:
"nothing is less productive than making more efficient what should not be done at all." 
looking to learn a new skill? start with the science behind how we do it:
why personal budgets fail (and what you should do instead):
some tips on returning packages, organizing your facebook friends, and making a standing desk in today's tips box:
setting aside time in your schedule for the unexpected can help tame the madness (and give you breathing room):
android 4.3 introduces restricted profiles, low-power bluetooth mode and more:
want all of your photos from your computer and from all over the web in one place? here's how to get them:
sick of staring at a brand logo in the corner of your sunglasses? use a penny to get rid of it:
we all know we can learn a lot from failure, but sometimes you can help the process along by failing on purpose:
should i take any job or wait for something in my field?
swiftkey's new beta can save your dictionary, settings, and more in case you reinstall or get a new phone:
need nice new furniture?  don't have much money?  here's how to get the good stuff for cheap:
sick of giving away your email to every service? this extension hides your real email, phone number, and credit card:
onefeed for chrome turns every new tab into a useful dashboard full of news, photos, email, and more:
"the more you fear missing out, the more you actually miss out." - adam grant


how to keep anxiety in check when you're at the office (via our friends @fastcompany):
write down what you want to say in a phone call to avoid wasting time or getting distracted:
your dslr has tons of awesome features you probably never knew existed.  check out our favorites:
debt collectors can be a nightmare. get them off your back with these sample letters that get your point across:
miniflux is a news reader that hangs its hat on security.
get a little face-to-face time with your friends and loved ones with these five super-simple video chat services:
hack together a bike-powered phone charger to stay juiced up while you're out on long rides.
there's no shortage of text editors on android, but draft comes strong with a great ui and markdown support.
how does firefox stack up to chrome these days?
nimi places sorts and organizes your desktop based on where you are and what time of day it is:
social location apps like foursquare, latitude, and yelp can be creepy, but they can also be really useful:
take your retro gaming on the go with a raspberry pi-powered portable game system:
stop apps from taking over your notifications bar with notifications off for android:
on this week's podcast we're talking atandt's crappy plans, airbnb issues, and transforming go bags:
"why i still use a dumb phone (and have no plan to change)" via our friends @greatist:
keep slugs and pesky insects out of your garden with eggshells:
looking for a stylus for your tablet? the wacom bamboo is one of your best options:
beat the summer heat with this quick and easy two-ingredient ice cream:
the three rules of stress-free email:
take the pain out of moving to a standing desk with these yoga moves:
having trouble with itunes links in chrome? here's the fix:
thunderbird is a fast, free, and flexible way to get your email, and these plug-ins make it even better:
your state may offer a sales tax holiday for back to school stuff, even if you aren't going back to school:
minimize your key ring with a zip tie. check out this week's macgyver challenge winner!
windows users! it's time for our annual lifehacker pack, featuring the most essential windows programs:
how to say yes to more responsibility at work (without turning into a pushover):
there are dozens of virtual assistant apps for android, but only one deserves to be called the best:
it could be a 128gb ssd, except it's actually a thumb drive and costs less:
when you make that fateful decision to lend a friend money, make sure it doesn't muck up your friendship.
if you're bank account is short on funds, get in the habit of checking it every single day:
our friend @fecak returns for more reasons you didn't get that job interview:
want to ace your job interview? instead of practicing answers to common questions, bring real stories to the table:
facetune is a powerful and intuitive portrait editor that excels at facial touch-ups.
for a great, clean, smooth shave, you need a great razor. here are five of the best:
you can convert most baked goods recipes to gluten free; you juts have to be consistent.
some things were just made for diy miracles. here are 10 awesome uses for sugru:
"do you want to know who you are?  don't ask, act!" - thomas jefferson


new pets? here's how to keep them away from your expensive new gadgets:
time warp keeps you focused, and keeps you away from distracting web sites:
it was time to pick a new best app launcher for android, and we think nova launcher deserves the title:
let's talk about shaving. which razor do you think is the best, above all others? let us know:
congress is debating student loan rate hikes right now. what's going on and what does this mean for you?
the steam summer sale is on now! here's how to get the games you want without going broke:
ready to start diying electronics but don't know which board to start with? here's some help:
this week's featured desktop takes us to the bavarian alps, and tosses in some geektool along the way:
adwcleaner is a great little tool everyone should have in their arsenal for removing toolbars and other crapware:
evernote for mac recently updated so now you can annotate notes, highlight text, and preview documents:
@ladyhockeyfreak if you use google to log into lifehacker, that might be the problem!
looking for a great to-do app now that astrid is shutting down? try ticktick. we did, and here's what we thought:
google maps for android updated and it's gorgeous, plus it has new traffic and discovery features:
how to make happiness a habit:
prevent hair damage or hair loss by styling your hair only when it's at least partially dry:
you should probably not send sexy pictures over the internet. if you do, though, here's how to stay safe:
gruveo offers fast, private, encrypted video chats, no plugins or software installs required:
there's still time to vote! which of these home theater projectors do you think is the best?
this app brings the seven-minute whole-body workout to your android phone:
nvidia can sometimes leave junk files around after installing drivers. here's how to clean them up:
have trouble picking out men's dress clothes? this site can help you find the right fit:
regular exercise can calm anxiety, not just by making you healthier, but by changing the way our brains work:
nextstories is a frictionless stumbleupon alternative that gives you more choices over your next article.
have some dingy old sheets? make them white again with this special method.
need to inflate a ball without a pump? a can of compressed air can come off the bench to fill in.
to-do app astrid will close on august 5th. here's how to export your data:
open a can with a spoon.  enough said.
are "sent from my phone" signatures useful or annoying?
need a little privacy from the nsa or anyone else? encrypt your gmail with one click:
here's how to never forget your friends' anniversaries.
should i water my lawn during the night?
is your employer paying you with a prepaid card? there may be ways around the associated fees:
breaking out of your comfort zone is hard! here's the science behind why it's so tough, and why you really should:
benjamin franklin was a man who could get things done. here's how he did it:
need to compare the contents of a couple of folders?  this terminal command will do the trick:
love taking pics of the sunset? up your game with these tips:
should you buy your next phone off-contract? it depends on the phone and your needs:
like testing electronics no matter where you are? here's a pocket-sized power supply:
add these arduino-powered turn signals and brake lights to your bike and ride safer, day or night:
what happens when you make a coworking space for both an organized person and a cluttered one?
six of the most common resume flaws (and how to fix them):
ledblinker is a no-root app that gives you much greater control over your notification lights on android:
google pretty much forgot about google voice, but you can make yourself a much better version with other services:
finding time to exercise can be a challenge. when do you do it? first thing in the morning? before bed? let us know:
use counterfactual thinking to combat creative blocks:
it's a great time to try new rss apps, and readkit just added support for several syncing services.
there's never been a better weekend to try new rss apps, and mr. reader is the most powerful option for the ipad.
mindmup is a browser-based mind mapping application with tons of power user features.
show a little appreciate to improve your negotiating skills:
create a bark-activated door opener with a raspberry pi (so fido can let himself out and you can get some sleep):
learn this essential grilling skill: create a three-zone fire:
heard the advice to take a walk after a meal to aid digestion? it actually works. here's why:
how to roast your own coffee...on the grill:
on this week's podcast we're talking windows 8.1, google reader alternatives, and game consoles of the past + future:
the travel concessions that aren't always worth it (and why):
are you an introvert or an extrovert? what do you do to coexist with people who are different? 
turn on outlook's new reminders for missing attachments: 

you've likely heard the motion your foot makes contributes to running injuries. it turns out that's not exactly true:
this week's featured desktop is all black and blue:
six scientifically supported ways to crush procrastination:
the awesome david mcraney of you are not so smart (@notsmartblog) chatted with us in this week's how i work:
the windows 8.1 preview is available for download right now! check it out:
remotely control your dslr from your pc or mobile device:
how to install chrome extensions in opera, and opera extensions in chrome:
run the peacekeeper browser benchmark on a loop to find out how long your battery lasts under pressure:
how to pay off your debt using the stack method:
quote of the day: "no" is the button that keeps us on: 
awesome screenshot tool skitch just got neater annotations, re-editable images, and more
"how to get great customer service without losing your cool" by the awesome @squawkfox:
sharing your online services with family and friends? here are the services that make it easy on you:
netnewswire, the popular mac feed reader, has a brand new version that's available for free as a public beta:
now you can attach pictures to gmail by dragging and dropping, instead of just adding them inline:
steam may act like it can't download games while you're playing one, but it really can. here's how:
"how i earn my living buying and selling appliances on craigslist" by @ryanfinlay:
we're often a little too quick to buy new things instead of fixing them:
want to run your battery-powered gadgets off of your wall outlet? it's possible with fake batteries.

keep headphones at arm's reach (but out of the way) with this diy hanging desk stand. 

make your own dog harness out of paracord to take fido on long hikes. 

learn a new creative skill this weekend!
if you're planning on holding a yard sale this summer, this trick can help you earn more and get repeat buyers:
send your kids to free apple or microsoft workshops this summer:
want to tag your files to find them easier? the mac app punakea is on sale for $3.99 today.
you can cook a perfect, medium rare steak in a beer cooler. here's how:
need to hide a secret folder on your mac? do it with this simple little terminal command:
which airline is the best for people who fly often? let us know here:
being in a bad mood may actually be a great place to get started working on a project:
get alerts when apps connect to your accounts (google, facebook, etc) and revoke apps in one click:
with a little work, you can control your android phone using just your voice, hal 9000 style:
today readers show us how to fix blurry android photos, get rid of windows 8 gestures, and jedi mind trick our kids:
why you're not a morning person (and how to become one) via our pals @greatist:
the awesome @jaltucher chatted with us in this week's how i work - check it out!
when a store asks you for your zip code at checkout, don't give it to them (unless you want to be marketed to):
hot day? keep sunscreen in a cooler to protect its effectiveness and make putting it on more comfortable
do you know the difference between a t-bone steak and a porterhouse?
generate a monthly calendar right from the command line!
how to deal with six of the most awkward money moments:
job titles often feel like ego boosters and little else, but you really ought to care about them. they matter later:

want wireless charging on your smartphone? here's how to add it for about $30 worth of materials.
greenify auto-hibernates android apps you're not using, saves your battery hours of life:
these still time to vote! which of these grills do you think deserves a place in your backyard?
an open office with wall murals, neon signs, clear wipe-off boards, a street fighter arcade cabinet, and much more.
hunting for a parking space downtown? here's how to find parking when you need it:
dispatch is an email app that integrates directly with a ton of other apps for better management:
how to decode "menuspeak" and navigate any restaurant menu:
don't know what to do with that ipad you have sitting around? here's how to use it to extend your computer's power:
you don't have to be good at something to enjoy it. in fact, being bad can be more fun.
don't bother peeling the skins when you snack on fava beans. it's just a waste of time.
don't let your leftovers go to waste. save them up for a smorgasbord night.
put together a custom, modular, organized go bag this weekend:
get iboostup premium for half off today and clean up all the clutter on your mac:
revo uninstaller pro, our favorite uninstaller for windows, is 50% off right now and packs some great features:
this chrome extension adds events you check out on the web to your google calendar so you don't forget to go:
why you should drink beer for big ideas, coffee to get them done:
facebook graph search is great for more than just collecting data. here are some clever ways to make the most of it:
grilling season is here, and we're looking for the best. which grills do you recommend?
slow feeds is a handy rss reader that finds the articles you might have missed:
google+ notifications just got a lot better, and synced across your devices to boot:
not sure what the heck you want to do with your life? here are a few mental trick to help you figure it out:
how your brain perceives time (and how to use it to your advantage):
apple's new itunes radio could be awesome! ....as long as apple doesn't shoot themselves in the foot. here's why:
it's wallpaper wednesday!  today we're sharing os x's new mavericks wallpaper, and some other great waves, too:
build habits that stick by tying them to the habits you're already automatically doing:
who wants to shave on vacation? here's how to easily maintain a "vacation beard:"
why you feel guilty about not finishing that book:
we put some great multitools against each other, but your vote has the final say. here's how it all shook out:
the dirty capitalist secret behind those damn kids by @interdome
@torbahax @ev logging out of both services and back in will force an update. ;)
@pipcraighead great story! are you planning another part? each user's has their own custom reading list so you can't submit things to them.
can silicon valley make fake meat and eggs that dont suck? by @motherjones
@jmccoubrey what browser?
blended scotch is coming back by @andrewbohrer
@slotnickamy nope! are you using the arrow keys? we are working on it.
tell your story. be inspired. start here:
@karzlau not at the moment.
#givingtuesday gaining ground by @robreich
my ongoing experience with impostor syndrome. by @ingridavendano
what ive learned from fatherhood  by @ftrain
whats the optimal read time of a medium post? our own data scientist, @sall, has the answer.
understanding reddit by @bkrall
how to quit your job by @tthingsilearned
when smart people are bad employees by @bhorowitz
stuffed: mary roach on the science of eating until you explode by @wwnorton
dear rude parents with ipads by @leighpod
@_katrijn update your browser and it should work.
@hashtag_v we measure more than recommends for that metric. it isn't messaged very well. we're working on communicating this better.
why im not watching the second episode of betas  by @moniguzman
a war journalists worst case scenario: the kidnapping of michael scott moore @warisboring
@chrissychrzan log out of medium and back in and it should sync.
8 ways to declutter your life. by @schauertime
how often should a board meet? by @dpforrester
@sonceley are you missing the green "new post" button? what browser are you seeing this in?
why we need a better way to order coffee. by @brycechartwell
seven steps to becoming a spontaneous explorer of the world by @maptia
pay what you want: the ultimate sales strategy by @tmorkes
the dirty secret behind the salesforce $1m hackathon by @aliciatweet
@mrscoffee you can't, yet....
things i learned  wandering around europe for 7 months by @trinetti
does american horror story: coven have a race problem? by @kerabolonik
@gmmeyer we don't really support ubuntu but maybe try deleting chrome's cookie? just throwing stuff out here.
@redisflat @ev we're working on it!
@andregoiano can you send exact steps to reproduce to yourfriends@medium.com?
why i wear nail polish by @jonathoncomfort
glenn fleishman shares the story of his mother's last words. from @themagazineapp
why we procrastinate and deliberate when we should be making decisions. by @vikharrison
@davidstehle this should be fixed now!
how to help make tech better: advice for bros by @fake_train
a few punctuation tips for #nanowrimo. brought to you by @wwnorton
men working with other men against patriarchy in technology. by @shanley
@regravity @ev soon!
i fired my startups pr firm by @web
explorer fabien cousteau wants your help to kickstart a new age of ocean exploration @fcousteau
@mediageek
how strategists level up by @clayparkerjones
@feannekitty got it! thanks for the heads up.
sexytime, gender roles, and credit where  due by @quinnnorton
sperm donor #4282: a love story by @betsboard
is it possible to witness the early social activities of our children without reliving our own? @brookeberman
how the clouds were named. by @duncangeere
why we hate our managers. by @alexchuang72
how to paint your bicycle by @tvhandy
how 3 billion dollars can become meaningless. by @fake_train
@ambushsabre we are working on it! thanks for the heads up.
@zionamalrafeeq working on it! bear with us.
@rossmartin1 give
son, my smartphone isnt actually attached to my hand by @jeremyblachman
write drunk, edit sober. all lies. @holdenthepage
@mifredk not at the moment but we are working on it!
welcome to dinovember by @refeup
forget a blockbuster, blowout launchenter the growth hacker mindset by @ryanholiday
@lolololori it still has a post in it. go to post, click remove from collection and then try to delete the collection.
why i write by @wynlim
how to get any job you want. by @drogier
@lolololori go for it! (any user can start a collection)
@jsa @majelbstoat currently, tweets with pics won't embed. that is being fixed. the vine embedded w no problems:
@mekuheli you can, as long you verify your email address. let us know if you have trouble.
@damianogui that is amazing, can you reproduce?
im quitting kanye by @shicnyc
my 83-year-old dad was swindled: 7 financial scams by @simonschuster
exclusive: key silk road employee breaks silence @joshuadavisnow
exclusive interview with the new dread pirate roberts: you cannot stop people doing drugs by @mrmichaelpower
@joshdover what browser/version are you running?
@dnlbtlr it's a secret sauce algorithm. what we can tell you is that it's based on more then reads and recs. ;)
a millennials guide to selfies at funerals by @rachelmercer
an environmental scandal thats happening right underneath your feet by @readmatter
america just cant win these mountain wars by @warisboring
how i use facebook by @joulee
a tribute to charlie trotter by @mylastsupper: farewell, chef
why work as we know it may be immoral by @saulofhearts
@hamid we'll see ;)
@daddypotamus not yet, only collections.
the death of digg still lingers for former power users by @0boy
social currency: our online personas inhabit worlds of false value. by @dustin
heres whats happening in the content industry now by @jackyyapp
@luisedu a view is how many people clicked, a read is how many people got to the end.
stealth attack: the new abortion laws by @jensorensen
quantum experiment shows how time emerges from entanglement @arxivblog
on transformers, cybertron, and social mobility by @dbgrady
what instagram can learn from sriracha by @thbaltimorechop
im tired of the u.s. government spying on me. so im running for president of france by @tedrall
the great halloween condom run: the greatest halloween hook-up story i will ever tell by @scottmuska
@r3x0r highlight the text you want to count and check the upper left corner. ;)
join @phillipniemeyer as he brings 70's occult horror films back to life in @joshritter's new music video.
the city is empty without you in it by @omgstephlol
your brain on bath salts by @dballard30
why being the first to take the bold leap could be the best move of all. @bonini84
@sforzare
@jaz_design just be sure not to get them wet. then we will have some real problems.
@dekenyan you may repost your content in it's entirety.
why hot water freezes faster than coldphysicists solve the mpemba effect by @arxivblog
why you should always tip during open bar by @sowhitedi
@ajt don't worry we got you, we just need to add a few more servers. should be done about....oh 3:12 am pst.
@bobvanluijt they are working for us. give them a second to load.
@dekenyan sure! (and welcome!)
the historical conquests of josh ritter by@joshritter
@majidebr hi! we don't have a timeframe for when rtl support will be available but it's on our radar.
how i broke up with the catholic church by @alieechan
this is the war plan america will use when it inevitably invades canada by @mjgault
preliminary advice for web writers on managing the weird world of the dead-tree press. @pennyred
@luizhrqas you may write in whatever language you prefer.
it took 5,000 years to build aleppoand two years to destroy it by @daxe
youre not black by @retrosamurai7
the dark corners of the internet by @arxivblog
the agony and ecstasy of building with data @joulee
you are not a brand by @brookeberman
@refla5h weird. you don't have another ios 6 device around that you could test do you?
@refla5h same as on the web, click the "m" and then the magnifying glass.
looking back on thyroid cancer @harrisj
forty thoughts on a fourth daughter by @markopp1
@lvingthedream we haven't seen one. try to log out and back in.
growing up as the child of a videogame junkie @johndevore
inside the ipad air: smaller, faster and more magical  by @rbaguley
@itsafitting sign up, verify your email address, and click the "request writing access" button.
does your iphone have free will? by @arxivblog
so, where are you from? by @missliconde
how to eat more veggies. by @nickcrocker
drones: scary, but good for peace by @joshuafoust
@mapgfx nope! sign up, verify your account and click the request access button.
@dannysauter we might make your dream come true.....soon.
@thehenish not at the moment.
all gone: a memoir of my mothers dementia. with refreshments @cettedrucks
the creator of father ted talks redrafting, showing off, and the problem with day-glo scripts @bobbie
to build a high-value network, dont focus on scale by @molbarton
@holzmantweed we sent you an invite!
we dont know why you would click on it, but this weeks newsletter had a broken unsubscribe link. sorry about that! it works now.
@chasefoto stock photos for now.
michael rousseau talks to brjann sigurgeirsson about the development of steamworld: dig by @mikerousseau
one of the nations most prolific sperm donors may hold the key to how genes affect our health. by @rlehmannhaupt
why i will never go back to using commercialized hair products by @deniseprichard
dirty secrets of family life. by @brookeberman
can we cope with putting ourselves in the evolutionary picture? @robinbisson
tunisias revolution inspired the world. now its troubles reflect the worlds turmoil. by @quinnnorton
has the tv show "dexter" ever inspired a real serial killer? by @dhg
@its_elliott not yet! but you can follow collections or rss writers. #8 in our faq will tell you how:
canadian physicists have measured the one-way speed of light to test whether einstein really was right. @arxivblog
okay, feminism, its time we had a talk about empathy by @maradydd
how i learned i was pro-choice by secretly aborting my friends baby by @zaron3
@ohheygreat hit recommend again to un-recommend.
publishers dont have to play host to  comments @mariabustillos
in honor of breast cancer awareness month, a story about a special thing i did for my mother. @tatiana
grand theft afghanistan buying (or stealing) soviet military tech was a big deal in the cold war. by @kylemizokami
@bradtastic we are working on one.
@activistmode nope!
@simonfl you follow specific collections or rss authors. #8 in our faq will tell you how:
my wife lost her pregnancy weight. i have not. @jonathanmsabin
so, you want to plan a twitter party? @sixwords explains how to engage your audience.
@harshitkr you would have to change it on twitter.
@benpeck @kylebragger search for collections by clicking the m, then the magnifying glass. here is how to crosspost:
dying the good death: the kate granger story by @chirurgeonsappr
@blumenfeld if you haven't got one yet, dm us your email address and we will send you an invite code. #makingmarriageswork
@margagual @sethzenz copy the e=mc from this tweet and you can paste it in your article. it will display correctly!
@saulofhearts we are thinking about both options. no firm plans yet though.
the logistics of navigating nonmonogamy. by @sarahmirk 
how a nobel prize gets won. by @iansample
forget phones, canadian researchers have worked out how to send text messages with chemical spray. @arxivblog
waffle pancake pie or how a six-year-old taught me to go big or go home by @pjbackman
@zackify try it now, it should be fixed.
@mikesim we don't have an eta yet.
seems every entrepreneur wants to be a disruptor these days. @jensorensen
data mining reveals the emotional differences in emails written by men and women by @arxivblog
all about sperm by @choicemoms
got an ios device? if yes, then apple knows a lot about you. @vipwoody
@normmacdonald @pppeater182 dm us and we will get you setup.
@tmblweed that is a function of ios but maybe we should look into implementing it!
@realityace invite sent.
four lessons puffy taught me about branding by @marcecko
no more chemical weapons, no problemsyria steps up firebombings instead by @daxe
the taxonomy of internet trolls by @calebgarling
@gilbertjasono us too! let us know if you want to go fishing or something sometime. we'll bring the beer.
@gilbertjasono hey there!
@vanpop are you logged in on both browsers?
if youre irrelevant at thirty, why live forever? @adamierymenko
valve software is more interested in owning your living room than making video games. by @samred
@anildash @sudama total read time is 8 hours 5 minutes. not including two 15 minute breaks and a 30 minute lunch.
@glichfield @quinnnorton you can use rss, #8 in our faq will tell you how:
@beingtommy can you email us the note url to yourfriends@medium.com?
@christncrossftr not at the moment, no.
how i brought a napkin sketch to a revenue stream in under 8 months @balindsieber
please follow these instructions for my funeral by @wesjanisen
why privacy matters. by @timbray
@ideasmithy check out #8 in our faq.
@vijucat @ev #17 in our faq explains why we ask for this:
@ideasmithy are you looking for an rss feed?
wendy davis may or may not win her run for texas governor, but either way, get used to her. by @rachelsklar
how to successfully adopt new habits. by @therapy4change 

@fotoblur we'd love to hear it! send us an email at yourfriends@medium and we will get back to you right away.
@binreminded what os version and browser? we can't reproduce this.
@todayireadthat you are all set up!
@stef what has changed?
@1234kyle5678 we are experimenting with offering support via our notes feature. in the future these will only appear on your 1st post.
[spoilers] breaking bad finale: just get me home. ill do the rest by @hhavrilesky
the lovely little town that would have been absolutely screwed by world war iii by @kylemizokami
lets play: the baffling allure of watching you play video games by @hootener
learning without limits: we shouldnt let research be hemmed in by the bean counters by @ftrs_
how to spot the universes mysterious first stars by @arxivblog
chipotles scarecrow video: the burrito-industrial complex! by @praeburn
i call my knife stormcloud, she cuts me.
@shopalytic looks like you are already in!
@shanley not sure if we'll make it in time, but we'll try!
why marijuana legalization is good for you (even if you wont use it) by @hesdave
four climate myths youll hear this week by @climatedesk
@thegoodliife how about right now?
@kristinfowler how big is the image you are using?
@terryjohnlee you are all setup!
@gabrielmsharp let us know if you see it again!
why the comment crisis is good for readers @upstreamism
this is possibly the best letter handm customer service has ever received. by @jackcreecher
teens are using social media as a cry for help. why arent we listening? by @ejacqui
the people in haiti dont want handouts. they want economic opportunity and good jobs. @tatewatkins
hate-watching the emmys by @kerabolonik
what the gta v map size obsession tells us about our culture.  @lanathegun101
ready for a league of our own: from fifa to nba 2kwomen are largely absent from sports video games @roseveleth
broccoli gets such a bad rap. this is perplexing to those of us who love that green stalky vegetable @aquavita
@rogue_priest good feedback! we'll bring it to the team.
the right tablet size for you by @mperenson
education and the failure of procedural equality by @comebackzinc
i fell in love with a song by @gueldner
@shubham possibly! ;)
hustlers by necessity by @levasseur_s
better computing science in high school by @conhaining
escape velocity: astronomy, bill hicks and rush hour traffic by @klaaskatkop
re-making the medical record: can electronic records make life simpler and healthier by @dballard30
tomorrows thomas friedman: every generation needs someone who can make big ideas small. by @doingitwrong
5 odd lessons learned from long-term travel by @armanassadi
hot stoves and fiery fuel: designing change in kenya by @ynginventors
redesigning mailbox for ios 7 by @gentry
i gotta go all the way to ireland to get my american nostalgia fix    by @josephwinkler
@tdiederich not yet.
why history will certainly judge selfies to be a feminist creation  @chaosintended
the child who loved sea urchins more than street urchins  by @fsgbookkeeping
glassholes and black rock city: digital cameras are new. consent is not. by @interdome
somalias al-qaeda franchise has made a comeback by @peterdoerrie
deliverables are the product of certain kinds of work. by @ftrain
preventing medical help has become a new form of warfare by @conversationuk
@mikaelcho but we are in sf :(
we cooked up a new logged-in homepage for you! it's a blend of new and popular posts, sprinkled with articles from collections you follow.
@richardsondx done!
the syrian civil war is entering a second, darker phase by @joshuafoust
navy yard shootings: what does an immediate media response actually provide? by @conversationuk
everything you need to know about twitters confidential ipo by @retheauditors
admiral warned budget cuts would chop navy yard security response times by @rbeckhusen
train crossings by @erikahayasaki
you dont want a better life: if you did, youd have it. by @noahbradley
an insurance company looks to help transform the way haitians think aboutand prepare forrisk @tatewatkins
@oscargodson weird, it only happens sometimes?
shackled to a non-compete: celebrate the freedom to work like a damn dog wherever you please? by @retheauditors
i cant leave my house because of bad typography everywhere by @kmbtweets
fevered: why a hotter planet will hurt our health by @rodalebooks
kingmaker by @cantrell
breaking up with triathlon is hard to do by @nikimathias
why revenge porn laws are a bad idea by @luxnightmare
@jaredahogue we are working on one!
@ronyjacob nope! just posts that catch our interest.
go wander: how meandering in the outdoors can enhance creativity by @pahwadivya
very grown-up thoughts about god by @annmariehealy
@anatoly_v01 sorry, just saw your screencast, what browser are you using?
@anatoly_v01 what are you trying to embed? you should just be able to paste the link and hit enter.
@margotenenbaum we might!
how much money did walter white bury? by @jhong
dont let yesterdays beliefs dictate the story that you live out today. @james_clear
ballmer resignation creates relationship opportunity for microsoft by @davidnour
a breakfast of ones own by @felsull
first genetic evidence that humans choose friends with similar dna by @arxivblog
the nsa understands you are angry about its data collection methods. by @jensorensen
@incisiveredneck invite sent!
@netclust you guys are all set up!
heading back to baghdad: remembering 2011 by @naseeral
universe may contain tardis-like regions of spacetime, say cosmologists @arxivblog
@nayiaisms @katelaurielee @aac coming soon!
why the spoiler shouldn't matter, even as it seems to more than ever. [spoilers]@inanedetails
scotts first std scare: the red constellation by @scottmuska
marines pushing navy to scrap one of its most important planes  by @daxe
a comic-ly happy ending: how one badass woman took on the comic industrys sexism and won. by @kthalps
chinas flamethrower troops are so old-fashioned by @kylemizokami
a hack is worth a thousand pictures by @stef
croissants for dummies by @lisaminucci
remember all those times you wanted to embed media in your medium post? you can now! go ahead and embed.

@ampersandrea click the unsubscribe link in the footer.
the awkward essay binge: how to write an assignment at a ridiculous hour by @benharkin
@cheapseatfan sure! dm us your email address.
@sonyance it sure is!
radical inclusion vs. radical self-reliance at burning man by @dmoskov
going paleo: hunter-gatherers didnt count calories. by @melaniealissa
syrias overblown extremist threat by @mjgault
@producersteve maybe at some point!
@davidbauer use the "remove from collection' button to get rid of those posts. if it continues, let us know.
fifteen months of captivity in somalia by @simonschuster
malcolm gladwell is underrated by @mrianleslie
@rizzotees what browser are you using? close it down and reopen and see if that helps.
@zacktravis change it on twitter and then log out of medium and back in, it should sync.
what is a tech blog? by @stevekovach
[spoliers]drafting the westeros dragons, part ii by @thetoycannon
i spent an hour away from the internet by @jeremyblachman
what miley cyrus teaches us about being human by @stillperry
what to do in seattle by @jfuchs
my life in hamburgers by @ozerskytv
book prizes: because even a scribbling asshole has to eat by @conversationuk
what's the best stuff to do in your town? write about it in the  "ask a local" collection:
this aint the hamptonsthis is bonac by @narrativelyny
has wikileaks been infiltrated by russian spies? by @joshuafoust
@katparry you can always email us at yourfriends at
#ff @falsemedium
eighty-five pounds agome and the dumbest dog that god ever breathed life into by @daviderikfinn
@jeremyjmonroe ok great!
heres how to track the pentagons airborne command posts over the internet by @rbeckhusen
eyewitness account of this summer's protests in turkey from our writing challenge a walk in gezi park by @erdogan
dancing about architecture, joyfully by @hhavrilesky
we dont work for free, a new anthem for interns by @missliconde
@gooderdle is there a way to save to @pocket via rss?
aside the long island expressway, art and family flourish by @bbrowdie
every time i interact with a new microwave, i take an unreasonable amount of time figuring it out. @sirbenlee
@glassresistor no. we don't support markdown.
a story of childhood romance in romania from our summer writing challenge: the short-armed girl by @mathazzar
mannings pronouns by @bgzimmer
georgias world by @grantdraws
building a mystery: a rogue youtube channel inspires obsessive investigation by @johnpetergrant
aspirational fanfiction about clothing i can not afford: part 2 by @griffski
10 facts about us by @streser
i built my own copy of irans faux stealth fighter by @daxe
how do other countries create smarter kids? by @simonschuster
@arcdoc @ronpepsi we'll be improving search in the coming weeks. out of curiosity, what did you search for that wasn't indexed?
why i stopped being a grammar snob by @mrooolf
chinas mystery satellite could be a dangerous new weapon by @rbeckhusen
let yourself fail by @olasitarska
dear miss disruption: an advice column from silicon valley by @sarahjeong
@rjbraddock we are sorting out a bug with this. it should be fixed soon!
face it, benghazi made syria intervention impossible by @athertonkd
were missing the human side of big data: people and services matter by @global_glutton
from jefferies to wanelo: a 2.5-year job search by @besvinick
@jrbaldwinn sorry, not at the moment.
in the wake of #manning's 35-year sentence, @quinnnorton explains why he is such a controversial figure.
an open letter to @kanyewest from the association of french bakers by @wdavidmarx
confessions of an (un)graceful girl by @omgstephlol
@gridinoc not yet but soon!
@willihyde 
thanks for the haiku
an a-plus for the effort
beta invite sent
endings are an essential part of momentum. they draw a line, allowing you to rally your efforts. @mikeachim
gone home, from the fullbright company, is one of the best games i have ever played. by @stuhorvath
we're excited to announce our first @epic #longread: the mercenary, a tale of love, gold, and betrayal in the andes.
when your city disappears by @nealunger
@leftnode it's a bug in firefox. we hope to have a fix soon. chrome works as expected.
@chibicode added!
@juliejulie we don't support vine embeds, just yet. they are coming soon!
a 2013 love story by @kaitlynwylde
learning to love the e-book: an adjustment to a new kind of tangibility by @rdearborn
moving, together by @narrativelyny
platform thinking: the future of work by @sanguit
what massacre? u.s. still selling missile boats to egypt by @rbeckhusen
embracing my thirties, as a stranger pees on me by @robicellis
building a bike frame from scratch: my 9 month experience building a bike i could call my own. by @m_swartz
how to work with designers: a cheat sheet for engineers and pms by @joulee
kiss often and long  @lexiseni on the importance of kissing goodbye.
motion perfection: what will set you apart from the competition? interactionsgreat ones. by @sirbenlee
@downsign we sent you an invite!
@moustashley_ invite sent!
the future of tube travel: a short history by @nd_kane
accelerating serendipity: can you make happy accidents happen more often? by @stef
the farmer, the chef, his wife and a pig: a day at our pig farmers in lisle, ny by @angrywayne
good companies are storytellers, great companies are storydoers by @tmontague
@dbproductionltd what is unclear about the new one?
how can being inefficient make you more productive? by @oribrafman
how comparatives dismantle business hype in the contemporary 21st-century marketplace. by @_rockhill
one month with no phone: important lessons i learned while phoneless in san francisco by @lanewood
how much trouble does climate change mean for agriculture? just ask the wine industry. by @motherjones
nobody cares about your company values by @jonathanraymond
hey wwe, give me my unicorn shirt by @bjmendelson
explaining the hyperloop, in basic terms by @gilbertjasono
visiting hours at the big house by @egratto
designing user interfaces for your mother by @tgines
teaching stanley: the stanley parable and other videogames in the classroom. by @erikfredner
i was a pretty strange kid: or, how i became an expert in the things that scared me by @saulofhearts
live and let dine by @narrativelyny
how to be good at life by @grtaylor2
are we allowed to gloat? working moms react (gleefully) to 'the opt-out generation wants back in' by @leagoldman
i just fought korean war ii in my living room: turns out the u.s. and its allies could actually lose @kylemizokami
be your own tastemaker: music discoverys not dead. you just have to give it a try. by @daverawkblog
@thecreativekat visit your desired collection and refresh the list, it will show up.
@jhames what browser and version are you seeing this in?
nick harkaway: the problem is always earlier than you think by @readmatter
@rogue_priest thanks! we're looking into this and should have a fix soon. sorry for the confusion.
the man with the electrified brain by @thebyliner
what your twitter bio says about you by @omgstephlol
aim for compersion: why happiness for others happiness matters. by @legerdemain
these men are so proud of genocide, they reenacted it by @mjgault
the tragedy of the exception: how one bad apple can spoil the whole bunch. by @mamamusings
@harrisedmunds not at the moment.
after nukes, what next? by @sciencepunk
get outside the walls: seeking inspiration as a key (and underutilized) ingredient to innovation by @evantana
@7_ciaran not yet!
@dan_oliveira that's there now. look for the little magnifying glass to the right of home when you click the m logo.
the heat and the fury: new research shows that a warmer world is a more violent one by @peterguest
creative junk food and the quest for deliciousness. by @elleluna
in "the ecuadorian library", @bruces follows up "the blast shack" with a masterful take on the nsa, snowden, et al.
what remains after using apps by @expectlabs
@mackflavelle invite sent!
apples narrative problem by @samradford
the blast shack by @bruces
is this chinas second aircraft carrier? beijing catching up to americas flattops, maybe. by @daxe
the end of my twitter account is finally here by @bjmendelson
things you need to know: ten incisive articles about complex issues. by @electric_type
citizen science: an idea whose time has come by @rapturedeep
hooking users one snapchat at a time: five ways snapchat drives habitual engagement by @rrhoover
how radios are beating a congo rape cult: broadcasts key to dismantling lords resistance army by @daxe
in pacific rim, mako is both a strong female lead and a poor depiction of an asian woman. by @casskhaw
@bluechoochoo we have rss. it is #8 in our faq:
@eveconnected how bout now?
@natebarham nope.
all @inthefade wanted was a pressure cooker and a backpack for her husband. she got a visit from the cops instead.
the appalling violence in south sudan by @caelinbriggs
why you should write. by @drewber
@kurafire yep, manually thanking would be nice. we'll share your feedback with the team.
@atommorgan gotcha.
@k not yet, but soon!
@dscape are you making code blocks with cmd+6?
how gm makes a car sound like what a car is supposed to sound like by @doingitwrong
mannings conviction: bradley manning was rightly convicted, but his case is still troubling. by @joshuafoust
options are the devil: theyre also decisions and choices in disguise. by @benhowdle
@cbm @rameet @jongold @stef we got you.
@veganstraightedge log out of both services and back in to force a sync.
the composite of a crossfit games fan is an individual who is constantly in the pursuit of better. @web
the art of songwriting and the business of survival by @mikeerrico
chaos and the hockey stick by @peterguest
@drewdil we just recommend a post of yours see if you get the notification.
@drewdil you don't see anything in the pop out drawer?
@adammcnamara just via rss for now. see #8 in our faq:
@designernaut there is! find out how in the cross posting section:
@rickygonzalez invited!
best video games of 1635 by @jeremyblachman
who is wolverine? a look back at the history and identities of the ol canucklehead. by @edwardsdeuce
authors brent hendricks and kevin brockmeier talk about dive bars, growing up in the south and the apocalypse.
do we need a shield law? journalists should be able to protect their sources, within reason. by @joshuafoust
mexicos war against the cartels just exploded: offensive against cartels and vigilantes hits a wall. -@rbeckhusen
how do you stick with mad men or breaking bad when its protagonists become hateful?" @hhavrilesky
@johnwilliams713 we can send them an invite. give us their twitter @name.
the okcupid question youre answering wrongand more sexism in online dating. by @caseyjohnston
book by book @lenehank on the importance of reading.
a bloggers role in aviation accidents by @jetwhine
operations is marketing or two pieces of advice for less-than-amazing companies. by @cwthethird
why the questlove article exposes our racismand our sexism by @kimfosternyc
@jamesjfan sure! we show you haven't set up your account yet, do that and we will give you posting access.
in the valley of the half-invented @tophtucker
when 18 months worth of work vanishes by @abeaujon
@scottmbarrett deal. but only if you get the salsa delivered via @carbarton's unicorn.
@pushrax not yet! those are two of our most requested features so they are definitely something we are thinking about.
facebook premium by @biz
what the f*^k are you doing? when a mentor really changes your life, and they didnt even know it. by @karensd
@celuiqui we don't have a timeframe for that yet so it's up to you. if you have a diff twitter account you would like to use let us know.
@celuiqui you can edit your display name on your profile page:
@rudsco we show you were invited. we just resent your invite.
@johnwfitch you can see them on your profile (
if you are a manager, parts of this post will probably hit a little too close to home. @shanley
what einsteins stolen brain can teach us about intelligence by @wwnorton
@francoismat can you send this, along with device details to yourfriends@medium.com? thanks!
@rescuethecows @twitter excellent feedback! we'll raise it with the team(s).
@karensd go to that collection first and then refresh the list, it will show up.
how we went from zero audience to over a thousand beta signups by @mattgoldman_sd
the secret resume of a professional cam girl by @chaosintended
the accidental vegan: making peace with paleo by @saulofhearts
my first three weeks as a blan by @andrewalombardi
back to earth: nintendos plummet by @samred
khalid sheikh mohammed designed a vacuum cleaner  by @doingitwrong
award nominations: you cant always get what you want" by @kerabolonik
@codynunes thanks for the heads up!
@nubikay sorry about that. we fixed it this week. the link should work now, please let us know if you receive any further communication.
ode to the #hashtag: a tribute to the most ubiquitous symbol of our digital times. by @oylmiller
@stefanybaez resent!
@hughwillett absolutely! we sent you an invite.
happy birthday, nelson mandela by @leonjacobs
propagandizing surveillance: underneath a clever story lie troubling questions. by @joshuafoust
@mcbc @rachelsklar we set you up!
in times like these, we need to be very clear about what laws are  and are not. by @sharedphysics
arguing in quicksand by @keyofnight
barnes and nobles real problem by @bradberens
@mijustin it's a bug we are working on. thanks for the heads up!
@staringispolite there is a small lag. glad it got all sorted! enjoy the site.
@barrelswines sure!
hey girl, do you want a hug? by @halekathleen
security through promiscuity: how to up your password strength while having a great time. by @luxnightmare
@nickiehills thanks for the kind words! @andypiper we sent you an invite.
@smushface we sure are!
have watches had their time on kickstarter? by @bobbiejohnson
i have lost over 100 pounds and dont know how by @dalmaer
@at__amin it's a bug, we should have a fix soon!
@mattlubner thanks for the feedback! we will share it with the team.
@su_layug @twitrsh invited!
@su_layug @leftsider yes please.
using, rather than being used by our devices  by @frailestthing
in times of change, make tires by @jeffelder
the synced-up fireflies of the great smoky mountains by @johnrambow
the drone zone by @warisboring
immigration, equality and the public opinions of mormons by @planetjoseph
why alternative medicine is alternative by @mbrianorme
they are social places, not networks and thats why some things will not work the way you expect. by @vrypan
10 reasons why people love numbered lists by @joulee
@danielrodrigo so sorry about that. we will make sure you don't get anymore of them.
@davidveldt that is strange. you can dm us if you would like.
@zenethian we sent you an invite!
nyt best-selling memoirist @david_sheff shares his story of parenting a drug addict in immorality or illness?
how do you say that in english? three swedish words that the english language should steal. by @bertmenninga
@keirabui modify as necessary. it only cuts off if you try to tweet a quote longer than 121 characters (including the author's @name).
it was like listening to a bunch of people explain how they used heroin to kick their methadone habit. @davepell
@rhjr visit the desired collection and then go back to that list, it should populate (you might need to refresh).
we almost had a giant robot spy blimp by @daxe
what happened with ber and the toronto flood? a pr slip (
@timothysisters we don't have search quite yet. we are working on it!
@xdagency yep! we are working on it.
push fear by @pjrvs
this old aircraft carrier is a damned embarrassment by @rbeckhusen
@p__ho how about right now?
@jmcclintick thanks for all the feedback! we'll make the m close the menu on click today. i will share the rest of your thoughts w the team.
@jmcclintick what don't you like about the new one?
"as photos flood the web and photo recognition tech becomes more precise, are we reaching a tipping point?" -@stribs
there will not be an occupy wall street for the nsa by @ericgarland
how do people ride a citi bike and live at the same time? an open letter to nyc mayor bloomberg by @harring46
@atommorgan thanks for the feedback! we're glad you like it.
@solojavier update it on twitter and then log out and back in to force a sync.
@slantsixneal absolutely, send us an email at yourfriends@medium.com and we will investigate.
i sent him a list of all the things i was worried about. @tinyjana on moving in with her boyfriend.
i only want to read reviews written by lou reed by @brandonlvogel
my voyage to the end of the earth: or, how i ended up in antarctica by @amritachandra
let yourself be amazed by @scales
write your way to happiness by @erinfrey
hitchhiking in venice by @lkheineck
the network effect is dead, long live the network effect by @sanguit
its all in the name by @shicnyc
my testimony before the texas house  by @jenniferoftexas
curious what books law and order actress stephanie march keeps on her shelves? @mylastsupper finds out.
the noise of stuff: how clutter affects you and what you can do about it. by @mikaelcho
dropbox, my grandfather, and existentialism.  by @vlokshin
the medium top 100 celebrates our most-read posts each month. congrats to everyone who made june's list! #medium100
@jayjo
@fleishters for now, collections can only be created from the homepage.
faux outrage: why is it such a scandal that a spy agency spies? by @joshuafoust
how to trim your beard without killing it by @calloutcreative
@matthewliberty what twitter account would you like invited?
vine is our new super 8: and its fostering a platform for creativity and filmmaking. by @owen
six principles of the narrative essay by @rhjr
how ordinary business activities got two multinationals blacklisted by the norwegian government by @najtaylor.
@profjeffjarvis @ev @muhammadmorsi we set him up, all he has to do is log in with his twitter account.
@lexmoniyi absoulutely.
pride: what a difference a year makes. by @cdclark33
grilling my start-up shrink by @halekathleen
meet elena ferrante, world-class peekaboo artist by @laurenmechling
its the data, stupid by @tdorie
ive flown in 48 perfectly good small airplanes. ive never landed in one of them. @nickbilton on skydiving.
@maptia no problem, it's a solid list!
@ck5um sorry about that! send us a note to yourfriends@medium.com and we'll make sure you are removed for good.
@mandyvandeven it's a bug. we are talking with @feedly to resolve it.
@firstshowing done!
@ryanmcminn there is a little box icon next to the tweet button that should allow you to post it in there.
a bill is killed; a star is born by @texasmonthly
domas demise and sexual deviants: whats at the bottom of the slippery slope by @fsgbooks
@timjameshp oh man, can't wait to read this! you went all out.
@matt425 yep, unless you have notifications turned off.
on losing our first hire: or growing up as a startup founder. by @michaelsacca
as a professional dominatrix, social media is a vital part of my marketing and business. @tizzywall
doors are for people with things to hide by @jenniferjeffrey
experience slows you down: you dont change an industry you know all about. by @nilsskold
@kevindeshazo your avatar is tied to your twitter avatar. you need to upload a bigger version there to prevent blurriness.
the texas gop nearly stole a vote with 180,000 people watching. heres what you didnt see on tv. by @rachelsklar
@jayvig not that we know of, what are you seeing?
@_alirezas not at the moment, but hopefully at some point.
the new mccarthyism? history will judge obamas war against terror harshly. by @evanatmedium
@drac it shouldn't be, can you send your browser/os details to yourfriends@medium.com? we'll investigate.
the practice of photography: why everyone should do it. yes, everyone. by @the_furman
don't have time for that 14-minute post right now? we got you. just add it to your (brand-new) reading list and peruse at your leisure.
@bubblynerd definitely, we set you up. just log in to medium with this twitter account.
@ariannasan invited!
@placeguru done, log in to medium with this twitter account to get started.
letter to a very sexually active teenager by @halekathleen
@mager remove from collection is broken right now, we should have it fixed soon!
@maxmackie totally up to you!
introducing @potluck, a new product from @branch, where you can meet new people without being creepy.
@stevekrouse invited!
@izs @ifttt agreed, we only offer a zip of html files at the moment. we'll share your feedback.
@danbraithwaite you are setup! just log in with twitter to start posting. we can't wait to read your story!
@mikegurley invited!
@frankycaron stage set! we can't wait to read it!
@gregwind sounds great! we sent you an invite!
@sianlawson check your email, we sent you an invite!
@gopaldass invited!
how teens hack language by @expectlabs
a day on the warped tour by @wallpaper.
the southern road trip continues. here's day 3 with @cettedrucks and @mylastsupper.
@fasttash what browser/device are you using to access medium?
@big_dave_allan they need to leave a note on a piece that you then publish to get invited.
@foleyatwork not yet.
@plautmaayan you are clicking on the "new collection" button on the homepage? how many have you made? you are limited to seven.
doctors without donors: one doctors vision to provide haitians with affordable health care. by @tatewatkins
an unromantic romance: my personal love story. by @nmanekia5
heres how the navy plans to shoot down high-tech chinese jets by @daxe
we are not fully equipped for the things our phones can do with regards to sex. not in 2013. @jamalregistre
need inspiration? this week's writing challenge topic: road trips. add yours this collection and we'll tweet our favs!
the cost of ignoring the kismayo crisis by @abdikhakim
can we have it all? were on a mission to find out. by @jyhsu
welcome to boinkology, a new @medium collection from @luxnightmare about   what else?  tech and sex:
@atommorgan log out of both services and back in to force a sync.
@atommorgan you have to change it twitter for it to update.
james gandolfini was my celebrity crush: his sex appeal wasnt unlikely to me. by @raquelita
agatha christie and anglophilia by @fsgbookkeeping
the science of why we dont believe science by @motherjones
@colebradburn uncross those fingers, we sent you an invite.
the kids are burned-out: millennials say theyre more stressed than members of other generations. by @kayleener
robot marines in space! by @daxe
@sguergachi ah, that would do it.
@mostueck no, we have been seeing a weird bug today. what browser and version are you seeing this in?
@grrrando we'll share that feedback with the team, maybe we can convince them to bring them back.
@craigmdennis navigate to the post in the crossposted collection and you will see a button in the upper right to remove it.
@oscargodson can you send deets to yourfriends@medium? we'll get it filed right away.
is justin timberlake smarter than rupert murdoch? by @2paragraphs
this is the end of non-violent porn by @michellehaimoff
becoming a writer: but not looking for my dream job. by @gelatobaby
the curse of the connector: how is it possible to have 89 mutual friends with someone ive just met? by @lanewood
@kirstenwinkler invite sent!
@anildash you sly fox, you. great suggestion, we'll bring it up with the team.
@gramessh thanks for the feedback, we'll share it with the team!
@plushifiedbunny it will, log out and back in to force a sync.
@ys good call, we'll let the team know. thanks!
chinas jet fighter surprise by @daxe
digital start-ups face unexpected gauntlet of door-to-door sales by @rachelswaby
ive made a huge mistake: arrested development is not the television you think it is. by @stuhorvath
@themarkcarroll sounds a little dirty.
@just_bradyn not yet! stay tuned.
@kalebb99 check out #8 in our
@scottjgalvin it's an issue we working on, bear with us!
amidst our constant connection to others, were missing out on the present. by @scottbelsky
happy dada day by @grantdraws
scripture and sunscreen by @jordosh
ride the hashtag, dont create it: the true story of social media. by @garyvee
here is our last excerpt from genius unmasked. leave q's and the author, roberta b. ness, will respond next week.
in search of by @amandamccormick
@davidzendoval stay tuned!
@summit_rider change it on twitter and it will sync on medium when you log out. if you want your medium tied to a diff acct let us know.
winning just means you need a new beginning by @jordosh
how to disagree on the internet by @expectlabs
@scepticemia we don't have a countdown but how about an invite instead?
how did san francisco's famous fog come to be? @karlthefog tells the story of how he got the gig.
how kenny loggins helped me stop driving by @gelatobaby
the book club crisis: how to dampen a passion. by @laurenmechling
the guardian's jason farago (@jsf) shares his thoughts on turning thirty.
@benpbarnett we don't officially support blackberry but could you send us what you are seeing to yourfriends@medium? thanks!
@warpling thanks for the heads up! we should have this fixed up soon.
@taylorloren if it is your post just go to the collection it is in and open it. there will be a delete from collection button.
color theory and mapping: subtle choices that affect how we read maps and visualizations. by @jmm
say yes to flour @felsull reviews @jbchang's new cookbook "flour, too."
"overcoming impostor syndrome" @aliciatweet on how she finally realized she was a legit programmer.
why java is still relevant by @eranation
why isnt the nsa embarrassed? by @delaneydaniel
selecting the next girls who code by @katelaurielee
ios 7 went too far in the other direction by @flyosity
@mduvall_ hmmm, should have been fine. still unable to upload it?
@kadesoto sorry for the delayed response! we took that feature out because it wasn't working perfectly. bear with us!
@_christinaross we sent you one!
@jorcervan we don't have a date yet but we sent you a beta invite.
create something every day by @stef
june 6th will always be d-day by @dalefranks
food and books by @smalter
the awful truth about jogging: you thought i wouldnt find out, runners? your lies stop now! by @robicellis
@mariorandrade our editor doesn't allow underlining. sorry. you can make something bold or use italics. any links will be underlined.
want to ride in a rocket? you probably will. "why space tourism isnt just a thrill ride for the rich" @jasonpaur 
are you an extraordinary engineer, deviant designer, esteemed editor, or a boss at biz ops?
we're dying to meet you:
"why the nsa probably thinks i'm a mold terrorist" by @harring46
@thedanbender @pordd it's not currently on our roadmap but we will suggest it to the team!
@creamteam done!
on day four of @pushkinpress's ryu murakami week, an excerpt from the  novelist's "popular hits of the showa era."
the power of twitter by @jsa
@a0k we set you up. log in with this twitter account to start posting.
@leonwetzel what page are you seeing a 404 on?
how to be happy: simple steps to lead a simple and content life. by @kidbombay
"privacy and principles: comparing constitutional ideals with the realities of today" by @mjirv
the gadget i love/hate: kyle cassidy tests the feasibility of micro four thirds cameras for pro use. by @rbaguley
@sebastiangreen check out #8 in our faq:
@jamesat51 as long as you own the rights you may repost whatever you want.
this week @pushkinpress celebrates the work of novelist ryu murakami on @medium. excerpt #1 is from "sixty-nine"
why the bynes fixation? @ediblecomplex explores our collective interest in the life of the former teen star: 
"what kind of a designer are you?" by @tuhin
@dotjao @cb_27 we got you.
"e-commerce is a bear" by @bonobos founder and ceo @dunn.
"self portrait" by @grantdraws
@themarkcarroll sorry for keeping you up. ;)
@s_df you can read all about our notes system here:
@diklein try this one out:
"the ballad of undergrads, or how to create a cult tv show through sheer force of will" by @derek_g
"plug versus pump" by @stevenbjohnson
"everybody calls it okstupid" by @emmafayes
"how to get the most out of hacker school" by @sashalaundy
@jerryrreynolds we set you up under @plandree
@agilemofo ah, that's it. the change tab keyboard shortcut is what is switching articles.
@jeremyshure we set you up. just log in with this twitter account.
@johnshankman thanks for the kind words! we'll share your feedback with the team.
"the highways are falling apart anyway; lets tear them down. the timing is perfect." by @chrisjagers
@rebeccaotis sent!
@harrymoy agreed, we are working on one right now!
"the future of bookselling " by @toddsattersten
@budhajeewa nice! so speedy.
@zouhairmaj yep!
"the bombs before boston" by @stcolumbia
"confessions of a bell boy" by @teecycletim
@indec we don't show @ansate as a contributor, we added them!
@indec nope, what browser are you seeing this in? can you send us screenshots to yourfriends@medium?
@odenius and you are logging with this twitter account? did you change the case of your twitter name at all?
@erictorres we sent you one!
"why prioritized feature lists can be poisonous" by @kennethn
what's with oreo's new ad campaign, and why did it debut during mad men? industry expert @i_am_roz weighs in:
to kick off the new collection "but, does it work?" @cettedrucks enlisted her parents to try a new cookbook: 
@tbarrios47 @realdontae @carbarton uh-maz-ing.
@realdontae @tbarrios47 long walks on the beach, at sunset, with unicorns. it sounds like @carbarton has that last part covered though. ;)
@chuckbaggett we sent you an invite so you can try it out yourself.
@stormyplanet which one would you follow?
@zancler thanks!
@bobek_balinek
@stef done!
@jthomas other than rss, there isn't a way to follow authors at the moment. see our faq (#8) for rss instructions.
@tonymichael sorry for the delay, we sent you an invite.
"the facebook experiment has failed. lets go back." by @jeswin
"startup culture scalability" by @dshaw_
"the games women play: part 2" by @laurenmechling
@herbigt not yet. we're working on it.
"what kindle worlds means for fanfiction" by @upstreamism
"i share, therefore i am" by @authorcaitlin
@paulorrj sweet! i've filed this. seems like upload lag time and we'll make it better. thanks for reporting it.
@paulorrj is it a large file?
@milesfitzgerald @arainert you can if you add /feed/ to it, #8 in our faq has more.
"why taking random meetings matters so much" by @garyvee
"star trek and the shiny, boring future" by @esten
"in defense of spoilers" by @bronwynjones
@sdvega deal.
'amazon ceo' apologizes for drone delivery idea [video] 
i'm just a poor droid: 'bohemian rhapsody' meets star wars [video] -
"let a person like mandela be a beacon that lights up the path when facing a challenge"
74% of apple's mobile devices are now running ios 7
report: internet-free twitter service coming to international markets
i'm on facebook because i'm bored beyond belief
"instead of looking at eating disorder habits as a pathology, thinspiration treats them as a lifestyle" #longreads  
new aircraft could help deliver aid anywhere on the planet
trunk club teaches guys the art of fashion
top 10 tech of 2013 according to tumblr
netflix is almost as popular as cable among young adults  
google patent will let software do your socializing -
slippery clay at fault in 2011 japan earthquake -
tired of living on land? behold the floating city -
the united nations now uses drones
u.s. pregnancy rate reaches 12-year low
mandela unbound: imagining the south african future
breaking: nelson mandela dies at 95
instagram is holding a mystery press event on dec. 12
game break: get criminal with 'lawless' for ios
iran arrests 16 in new crackdown on internet freedom
slideshare, the "youtube for slideshows," overhauls its homepage
redesigned ford mustang takes you back to 1969
10 innovations that improved the world in 2013
the genius ways beijing drivers get around the city's license plate lottery
9 depressing movies released on christmas day
season 2 of netflix's 'house of cards' to arrive on valentine's day
8 ways to keep your employees happy
great scott! marty mcfly had an evil twin [video]
'fast and furious' pays tribute to paul walker in gut-wrenching video
how chinese censorship works
dna nanobots could deliver the future of medicine
nba usher and little kid escalate epic dance battle on 'kimmel'
hackers compromise 2 million facebook, twitter and gmail accounts
tis the seasoning for robot salt and pepper shakers
a perfect gift for the bibliophile in your life
why your brand must analyze traffic by device
trekkies, here is the only song you'll need this christmas:
this is the mit surveillance video that exposed aaron swartz:
yotaphone, which has an lcd screen on one side and e-ink on the other, goes on sale in russia this week
boxing brothers (@klitschko) post selfies amid revolutionary fervor in kiev:
8 great gadget gifts for your grandparents
microsoft makes its first step into the world of lingerie 
for the 10th anniversary of 'polar express,' lionel trains turned to facebook
'tetris' theme gets another fitting a capella cover [video]
the most-searched athletes and sports teams of 2013
the hilarious downside of using google glass in public [video]
'bachelor' producer faked thanksgiving airplane argument
male birth control possibly on the horizon -
10 sites for the best airfare deals
spacex launches its first commercial satellite into orbit
the united states remains far, far behind much of the world when it comes to robot trains
jennifer garner and @chris_daughtry are representing @savethechildren in our #givingtuesday hangout. join us:
another big day for twitter partners as datasift raises $42 million
'respectful rappers' make dirty lyrics safe for work
7 things you didn't know about 3d printing
turntable.fm goes silent: the final hours of the next big thing that wasn't
how a 113-year-old company boosted holiday sales on facebook
the book safe every bibliophile should own
2013: the year you can track santa in real time using a 3d globe.
our iqs are climbing, but were not getting smarter
join us in one hour for the start of the very first #givingtuesday hangout-a-thon:
tobii opens eye control software to developers
yahoo's 2013 year in review includes top searches and tumblr trends
10 tech visionaries who died in 2013
eagle steals camera and takes ultimate selfie [photo]
how 3 startups use data to improve ecommerce sales
.@thesunsaluter uses gravity and a soda bottle to optimize solar panels
want to fight off content pirates? stream your show for free
dr. ironfist: ukraine's heavyweight opposition leader
dramatic footage shows survivor of sunken ship's unlikely rescue [video]
is
gravity squeezes 40% more power from these solar panels
watching tv is a survival skill during holiday family togetherness.
david cameron opens sina weibo account to repair china's 'hurt feelings'
yahoo buys startup skyphrase to improve web searches
this is the future of amazon's missed delivery slips:
this weekend, a movie finally broke the thanksgiving box office record set by harry potter in 2001
finally, a plant that won't die on you
14 reasons to crawl under your desk after the holidays
9 jane austen quotes for the frustratedly single
why people unsubscribe from your email list
smart night light takes fear out of bedtime
why people unsubscribe from your email list
the 6 best instagram overlay apps
how introverts can stand out at work
instagram reportedly working on new messaging feature
why traffic is digital marketing's foundational metric
lego-inspired rings link lovers together
25 amazingly awful christmas sweaters [photos]
eco-friendly stove is a perfect camping companion
updated: new york train derailment kills at least 4, injures dozens [photos] 
8 holiday gift ideas for dad
earthscape art: the chillest thing you'll see all day
9 neat pocket warmers to keep your hands cozy
enjoy these star wars pancakes, you will
why traffic is digital marketing's foundational metric
12 vines that sum up #blackfriday
social media drove just 1% of black friday online sales
the 6 best instagram overlay apps
10 holiday gift ideas for mom
10+ must-have tools for the connected professional
15 holiday gifts that give back
how to make awesome gifs
just 11% of holiday shopping happens on #blackfriday
the 15 best websites, according to redditors
unikey keyless entry unlocks doors by touch [review]
#blackfriday shoppers fight for their right to shop [video]
'shrunken football' photos make soccer delightfully weird
#blackfriday: deals, madness and leftovers
bitcoin black friday goes live and other news you need to know
sony to disable some psn features in europe for playstation 4 launch
police bomb squads want small robots that can deploy rapidly
happy day before black friday [comic] 
12 reasons to stay home on black friday
.@google searches for 'thanksgivukkah' spiked during a rare overlap of thanksgiving and hannukah. @neeeda has more.
8 gift ideas for his man cave
9 other things to do with your thanksgiving turkey
sweet potatoes are more closely related to marigolds than potatoes.
#askadev: what's a good designer-developer workflow?
need a creative cocktail to serve today? how about this cranberry sauce tequila?
before they were domesticated, wild potatoes could kill you.
'soul combat+' headphones: tough enough for the sportiest music lovers [review]
22 songs celebrating what we're thankful for
soda vs. pop: how dialect varies in american speech [video]
sickweather app tracks viruses to send 'sick zone' alerts
thanksgivukkah anthem perfectly captures history's greatest holiday
airbus, easyjet generate the first artificial ash cloud
'little drummer boy' cover brings out your festive spirit  [video] 
this turkey-chomping boy is america's thanksgiving hero [video]
6 time-saving thanksgiving food hacks
7 reasons you shouldn't let kids cook thanksgiving dinner
this is thanksgiving in 2013: a 3d-printed turkey
how to find the comet of the century tomorrow using only your ipad
xbox video debuts online without hd support
never mind the lawyers, goldieblox won big in beastie boys fight -
only 1% of all the corn grown in the u.s. is for human consumption.
a+ hand turkeys:
nobody wants to fight crowds during the holidays. so same-day delivery services are swooping in:
the world's first sprout-powered battery lit up a christmas tree
dell's venue 8 budget tablet isn't worth the bargain [review] 
nba usher and little kid give us 'dance cam' battle for the ages
kiwi gardner: caught between internet immortality and big-business basketball.
15 underrated apps every entrepenuer should use
new video tutorial site blends video and feedback into one service
what's happening to #doctorwho next month? @futureboy has the answers - 
ad recall: why that ad wasn't as awesome as you thought
miley cyrus is leading @time's person of the year poll, but is it rigged?
tell mom you might miss the turkey.
hellowallet: an easier way to save money
'ring clock' makes time-telling fashion statement -
gift-wrapped deliveries from online retailers: what they look like -
.@britneyspears' new album 'britney jean' is now free to stream on itunes
massive thanksgiving storm pummels the u.s. updates here:
20 things you should say to make the world a better place, from @iamkidpresident
japan plans to open internet fasting camps to help students live away from their laptops and cellphones.
87% of american teens text monthly
7 tips for brands participating in cyber monday
the period is pissed: texting made our plainest punctuation aggressive
13 reasons to stay home on black friday
james franco, seth rogen hysterically recreate kanye's 'bound 2' video
87% of american teenagers send text messages each month
.@whitehouse refused nsa director's offer to resign
the comparative anatomy of the xbox one vs. playstation 4
marketers, do you really know your customers?
'family guy' kills main character for 'fun,' sparks fan outrage
kiwi gardner: caught between internet immortality and big-business basketball.
the period is pissed: texting made our plainest punctuation aggressive
katie couric joins yahoo as global anchor
job hunting? 200+ openings at time inc., m booth and more
mark zuckerberg: immigration is one of the biggest issues of our time
twitter helps @time pick its person of the year
apple acquires primesense and other news you need to know
can you turn a responsive website into an app?
7 cocktails inspired by thanksgiving dinner
5 reasons people love their job, and how you can love yours too
7 apps for a faster commute
this advanced ipad stylus could make tablet writing a lot easier [video]
see london light up in this stunning time-lapse video
this block set helps preschoolers learn computer programming [video]
how @kickstarter users evolved the famous ostrich pillow
arizona's new fee puts a dent in rooftop solar economics
12 moments proving middle school was basically 'hunger games'
kano computer kit lets anyone build a pc from scratch [video]
onion review of 'hunger games' declares allegiance to team gale
soylent gives you all the nutrients you need without any preparation time. you'll be a time-saving machine!
how to change your facebook relationship status without alerting friends
in this maps app, the journey matters as much as the destination
the tumblr starter kit
jony ive reveals the link between apple design and 'star wars'
italians face criminal charges for negative @facebook post, @tripadvisor review
top 10 tech this week
5 ways science improved thanksgiving [science!]
'tolkien' biopic to explain how the author's life shaped middle earth
does god make people work harder?
in the late '90s, 'doctor who' was dead to most people. how it turned around:
watching 'doctor who' for the first time with the 50th anniversary special? here's all you need to know -
8 things to know before the 'doctor who' 50th anniversary special -
new world chess champ magnus carlsen shatters nerdy stereotypes
9 best free image editors
don't have time for "food" or "human interaction?" then you need soylent.
would you pay $2,350 for this smartphone?
like katniss, these people were thrown into fierce battle when asked for their 10-second plots of @thehungergames
the 13-inch ipad rumor makes absolutely no sense
why @thehungergames #catchingfire is in imax but #mockingjay won't be
report: only 5 out of 81 countries met best practice standards for online privacy
apple now accepts orders for unlocked iphone 5s handsets
our xbox one vs. playstation 4 hangout starts shortly. join us now:
vine adds 19 new languages in international push
you can now take a hike in a national park on google street view
'girls' season 3 instagram teaser packs the punch of its full trailer
worth its weight in code: a hackathon for immigration reform
tomorrow is the 50th anniversary of #doctorwho. here's how the internet saved the show:
a man's likelihood of obtaining a woman's phone number increases 300% if he's with a dog. 
dropbox 3.0 and other news you need to know this morning
would you visit a museum of science fiction
got 'xbox fever'? this doctor's note probably won't work on your boss
microsoft launches anti-google merchandise line 'scroogled'
the most-shared ads of 2013
google's greatest doodle yet: an epic 8-bit 'doctor who' game
a tardis full of terror: 'doctor who' meets 'hunger games' -
join us this friday at 3pm et for a hangout about the playstation 4 vs. the xbox one:
what if you never had to go grocery shopping again?
satellite images show typhoon haiyan's devastation - 
#reddit co-founder alexis ohanian shows us the secret #handshake of the open web. may we never need to use ...
if you don't want to pay for a monthly plan, verizon has a new option:
the underdog internet providers head to washington
if you missed today's monty python reddit ama, we rounded up some highlights:
suit shopping? strip down in the back of this guy's truck
amazon drops moto x price to 1 cent
getgoing nabbed me better jetblue airfare than jetblue -
pirate bay cofounder to be extradited to denmark amid hacking charges
jc penney gets sassy with kmart over 'jingle bells' ad
fortune names @elonmusk as its businessperson of the year
starting on sunday, amazon will blast black friday deals every 10 minutes
ron burgundy sings campaign song for toronto mayor rob ford
how social media is changing business  and your job search
watch the lg g flex heal itself before your eyes
chris daughtry immortalizes rob ford forever with catchy tune
gaming, streaming and live tv in one powerful package. our xbox one review:
coming soon to your bedroom: beef-tendon condoms
'machete kills again ... in space' mock trailer is full of sci-fi insanity [video]
.@trent_reznor facetimes cancer-stricken fan during concert
high schoolers build satellite and nasa launches it to space
verizon transforms retail stores into rec rooms for tech geeks
microsoft launches anti-google merchandise line 'scroogled'
get ready to party at mashbash during ces in las vegas
can you describe the plot of @thehungergames in 10 seconds?
katy perry's victorian dreams go up in flames in 'unconditionally'
how nest and smart technologies are re-inventing climate control
'visionary' climate scientist mario molina earns presidential medal of freedom
hey, even superheroes like the avengers screw up sometimes
9 tips for a better company culture -
lytro snags $40 million to expand beyond cameras
the real cost of ps4 and other news you need to know this morning
10 tips for pulling off a nap at work
8 next-level turkeys to amp up your thanksgiving
watch every tv channel sing bob dylan's 'like a rolling stone' in this interactive video
it's 2013: why are we still using paper receipts?
16 dogs who ruined the picture
twitter removes feature to let anyone dm you
inspiring unilever ad gives you hope for future children
.@nba star's defense fail looks just like a video-game glitch
why did the electronic health record office suddenly disappear?
u.s. army to track employees' web activity to thwart future snowdens
apple now accepts water-damaged iphones for its trade-in program -
latest ruling allows apple to pursue ban on samsung products
how the mother of a murderer started to find solace, 7 years later
kitkat 4.4 update will roll out for moto x on verizon before any of the competition
mapbox enables amazing custom maps for sites and apps -
'90s kids rejoice: backstreet boys are back in new music video
kanye west's 'bound 2' video features a nsfw kim kardashian - 
getgoing nabbed me better jetblue airfare than jetblue -
comedians @michaelianblack and @birbigs grill the hamburglar about his business model
feds probe tesla after electric car fires
want a mentor for your business? look for these 3 qualities
10 selfies more dangerous than they're worth
12 thanksgiving dinner tips from monica geller
6 tips for entrepreneurs during the holidays
and the oxford dictionaries word of the year is...'selfie'
twitter co-founder channels poe's 'raven' in 'evermore' short film
this video mashup of rob ford and jean-claude van damme is internet gold
.@bublcam shoots 360-degree photos and videos [video]
you've met these 14 ridiculous 'madden' players [video]
kanye west lectures at harvard about creativity
nfl and mlb could go cable-only if aereo succeeds
homeland security: silk road vendor sent obama ricin letter
17 college sports fans get their hearts broken in real time [video]
in honor of the 50th anniversary of jfk's assassination, we sorted through national archives.
sony testing defective playstation 4 devices
7 bootstrapping tips for the resourceful small business
activists foil chinese firewall to unblock reuters
slingbox can now stream tv on roku players
qualcomm will debut its buttonless toq smartwatch on dec. 2
viral video recap: jean-claude van damme's epic split and more
nasa's mars-bound #maven seeks answer to planet's greatest mystery
14 lessons from 'harry potter' on staying friends after college
what's next for @evernote? learning from its users
lego minifigures rarely have noses to keep the graphics as simple as possible
taptap wristband connects couples with wireless vibrations [video]
artist asks: 'what do you want to accomplish before you die?'
#apple ipad mini retina is the best mid-sized tablet [review]
vine challenge: recreate a retro game
16 kooky lollipop flavors to confuse your taste buds
6 ways to attract recruiters to your @linkedin profile
.@sony sells 1 million @playstation 4 consoles in first 24 hours
tom hiddleston doing car karaoke is a treat for your heart [video] 
how do you #gettowork? share your productivity tips on instagram -
keep your hands cold with these neat pocket warmers
6 ways to boost productivity with icloud
the beginner's guide to tumblr
13 flirting tips from 'hey arnold's' helga pataki
'you're not a princess' ad campaign pushes female empowerment
report: @google to launch the new nexus 10 tablet next week
a chinese province is trying to solve its labor problems with robots
how to get hired without a resume
the complete guide to @tumblr etiquette
don't have time to shop? postmates can help -
the wikipedia articles iran's government doesn't want people to see
'harry potter' actors: then and now
6 futuristic gifts you can buy right now -
'almost human' trailer awakens a futuristic cop drama with robots
apple fixes facetime bug with ios 7.0.4
20 #sfbatkid instagram photos that will make you whole again
18 vine creations built with lego bricks and minifigures
'the simpsons' will soon be available for streaming
how to find the perfect apartment, no broker necessary
#batkid begins
farewell skeuomorphism: ibooks gets an ios 7 update
live feed of batkid fighting crime in gotham city
what do you think of the playstation 4? share your #15secondreview
samsung planning galaxy smartphone with three-sided display
twitter is running ads on ads
7 tumblr add-ons to improve your experience
acer debuts $199 chromebook one week before black friday
earth has lost almost 6 californias' worth of forest since 2000
'falling asleep on strangers' projects creates smiles on nyc subway
facebook makes its messenger app more like texting
american kids see more than 250 mcdonald's ads per year -
team of 20-somethings creates popular
pixelstick takes painting with light to the high-tech next level
next up for evernote: learning your habits
why facebook wanted snapchat so badly
toronto team swiftly repudiates rob ford's latest 'unseemly' actions
nasa's space-based map pinpoints typhoon haiyan's destruction
google wins landmark book-scanning case after an 8-year battle
don't let the competition fuel your every move. 7 lessons every startup should know:
in 3 years, government requests for google user info doubled
11 incredibly awkward sexts gone wrong
xbox one vs. ps4: compare each console's new games
groupon giving away $5 million in 'groupon bucks'
falling asleep on strangers brings out smiles on nyc subway [video]
snapchat turned down a $3 billion offer from facebook
netflix and youtube account for half of downstream internet traffic
'calvin and hobbes' enters the digital marketplace in ebook form
.@acer announces travelmate p645 ultrabook for $949
the most profitable new reader demographic: robots
the pros and cons of dating a programmer [comic] 
6 ways to boost productivity with icloud
zoomer: the robotic dog for people who can't have pets [review]
report: snapchat turns down $3 billion offer from facebook
.@aloeblacc, the uncredited voice of avicii's 'wake me up,' has released a funky new lyric video.
third hacker pleads guilty to $45 million global 'cyber heist'
jawbone up goes wireless with up24 wristband [hands on]
motorola reveals the moto g, a low-cost smartphone for emerging markets
how to create and embed your own custom timeline on twitter
11 unexpectedly uplifting quotes from alfred hitchcock
grizz from '30 rock' unboxes our playstation 4 [video]
amazon brings kindle store, kindle fire hd and hdx to australia
soar through a narrow utah canyon in nail-biting pov video
gmail now lets you save attachments directly to google drive
12 things students should never do on social media
how the brain creates out-of-body experiences
that time oscar the grouch and grumpy cat met:
how to create and embed your own custom timeline on @twitter
piracy claims lead google to axe 200 million search results in 2013
the instagram scam that tricked more than 100,000 users into giving away their passwords
ps22 kids' choir honors lady gaga with adorable medley [video]
quora adds traffic-tracking tool for writers
lady gaga releases 'artpop' album companion app
update: now 8,000 strangers have signed up to help make one kid's batman wish come true.
gmail now lets you save attachments directly to google drive
republic wireless to offer moto x this week, starting at $5 a month
david bowie rocks a harpsichord in louis vuitton ad [video]
hulu's 'the wrong mans' is so right [review]
oscar the grouch and grumpy cat finally meet in epic face-off
panono ball camera captures 360 photo spheres instantly
internet steps up to honor veteran without family at funeral
watch this video showing how skydrive works with xbox one
16 creative uses of instagram video
photo challenge: show us an image of time -
.@toyota fv2 concept car will read your emotions [video]
.@mileycyrus is a nude alien in 'real and true' music video
5 minimalist takes on classic films
chrome beta update helps you track down hidden auto-play webpages
what if nyc brokers ran bodegas?
report: chips for apple's ipad, iphone to be made in new york
the 15-inch retina macbook pro is a powerful beast of a machine [review]
$10 cellphones bring health care to developing world
#musicmonday: 26 songs to make your wishes come true
1-ton european satellite falls to earth in fiery death dive
astronauts return to earth, olympic torch in tow
9 ways to help victims of typhoon haiyan
why @mariahcarey planned a facebook party for 'the art of #lettinggo'
16 creative uses of instagram video
which airlines let you use electronic devices during takeoff and landing?
10 creative workstations to get your juices flowing
9 tweetdeck alternatives for mobile
artificial blood experiment is a transylvanian triumph in science
viral video recap: tiger chases a toddler and more [video]
83% of prostitutes use facebook to conduct business.
20 ways to incorporate sriracha into your meals
why you should remove half the stuff on your resume right now
15 gorgeous double-exposed @instagram photos
5 tech pronunciations people can't agree on
17 original vine videos made from paper 
11 hidden features in android 4.4 kitkat
10 best onesies for grown-ups
which airlines let you use electronic devices during takeoff and landing? [chart]
enchanting colorized photos breathe new life into history
velodyne vquiet headphones: good noise reduction, unimpressive sound [review]
porta-pi cabinet lets you take the classic arcade anywhere
10 perfect pairs of slippers for geeky feet
facebook owns a slew of anti-facebook urls. some are pretty extreme.
now google glass knows where you live
10 excellent ipad air accessories
archaeology isn't just digging through sand anymore; it starts 400 miles in space:
the technology hidden inside every tweet
did youtube just kill its comments  or save them?
must reads: the 7 #longreads you missed this week  
twitter solicits user feedback with android alpha test group
instagram account used to intimidate violent crime witnesses
microsoft shows off xbox one's entertainment features [video]
how banana republic cleverly crashed twitter's ipo party
now google glass knows where you live
50+ events in social media, design and more
twitter stock soars on day 1 and other news you need to know this morning
how to spot a twitter spambot
dodge durango sales skyrocket thanks to ron burgundy ads
17% of kids under age 8 use a mobile device every day
scenes from twitter's first moments as a public company
the technology hidden inside every tweet -
video games make your brain bigger, study says
should you buy a next-gen console at launch?
hulu's 'mother up!' struggles to be the next 'family guy' [review]
for this iconic bookstore, digital isn't just a footnote
mafialeaks: inside the site that wants to take down the mob
twitter's ipo: less volatile than facebook's and less profitable
livingsocial deal will make it a groupon stockholder
stanford football backs jonathan martin (@j_martin71) amid nfl bullying scandal
facebook data shows that couples most often break up around these two holidays.
4 businesses winning with mobile ads
poppin' bubbles, one ipo at a time
twitter opens at 73% above ipo price
live: twitter price range raised to $43 to $47
twitter ipo: live from the new york stock exchange
6 apps for making instagram borders and shapes
the beginner's guide to tweetdeck
video games to make $82 billion more than hollywood films
ask a dev: how do you develop apps for multiple android devices?
want to be in star wars episode vii? this may be your best shot
.@amazon kindle fire hdx 8.9 is the ipad air's nemesis [review]
experts: obama's cybersecurity plans work, but change has been slow
oled-enhanced super glasses could help blind people see [video]
what the most retweeted tweets of all time say about twitter
woman totally wigs out in priceless game show reaction [video]
man zips around mount fuji in homemade jetpack
nearly 1 in 5 kids under age 8 use a mobile device every day
what's your favorite memory from blockbuster?
star wars fan edit kills off jar jar binks
mass relevance taps former usa exec to lead second-screen innovation
lady gaga to sing in space  seriously
new app trades free google play content for answering surveys
internet explorer has a new heroine
archaeology isn't just digging through sand anymore. it starts 400 miles in space.
unlock your mac from an iphone and other news you need to know this morning
pulitzer prize-winning author paul harding joins mashablereads
10 things heavier than the ipad air
pitchfork to launch magazine-style app 'pitchfork weekly'
iran culture minister wants social media ban lifted
nasa developing laser technology to communicate between planets
ipad air vs. retina ipad mini: which is right for you? 
the @reddit of music: upbeat puts you in control of the music charts
startup gives free stuff to student influencers
apple aims to control your home
peter jackson unleashes new ed sheeran song for 'the hobbit' sequel [audio]
smells like a prank: @jimmykimmel fools iphone users [video] 
17 photographs that display perfect symmetry
ipad air or retina ipad mini: which new ipad is for you?
10 best apps for navigating a new city
pitchfork to launch magazine-style app 'pitchfork weekly'
india successfully launches its first probe to mars
trade in any ipad, get $200 at target
incredible footage shows skydivers surviving plane collision
9 robust starbucks mermaid makeovers
toms launches marketplace for socially conscious goods
startup aims to make hydroponic farming accessible to everyone [video]
in-store advertising will soon look you straight in the eye
the only way blackberry can save itself [video] 
this man bought an apartment just to rent it on airbnb. was it worth it?
.@google announces live video tutorials called 'helpouts'
why the left isn't very good at trolling
do you have an ios development question? ask it using #askadev and we'll answer a few this week via youtube.
13 working-parent life hacks for all hours of the day
petition asks white house to block online porn by default
bezos' wife blasts biography in scathing one-star amazon review
is spending $50,000 on an apartment just to rent out on airbnb worth it? @jon explains why he invested:
german rock group jams in tabletop acoustic rap session [video]
good food at a sports stadium? there's an app for that
11 business tactics you can learn from disney villains
bitcoin researchers at cornell found a way to subvert the system
you don't know jack: exclusive look inside the life of jfk
update: instead of selling itself, blackberry is raising $1 billion and replacing its ceo
the 9 most captivating video game soundtracks
25 perfect puddle reflections
google doodle celebrates birthday of 'human computer' shakuntala devi
harry potter minimalist posters will cast a spell on you
electricity to the brain may increase art appreciation, study says
ikea partners with customers to sell used furniture in virtual flea market [video]
watch the youtube music awards here [video]
20 'bookmarks' to show off your literary love
job hunting? 200+ positions at @nbcuniversal, @klout and more
3 free tools to manage who you follow on @twitter
airline lost your luggage? let your phone find it
must reads: the 6 #longreads you missed this week  
can anonymous social media provide a haven from cyberbullying?
how to make or hide bitstrips comics on facebook
kerry washington mocks #snl's diversity controversy in cold open (snl has zero black female cast members)
.@jetblue shows first moments of faa-approved gadget use on flights [video]
#apple ipad air high-capacity models in short supply at some stores
this species of spider disguises itself as an old coin, just to freak you out.
want work flexibility? here's how you can make a change
inside @googles 1-million-square-foot london office  3 years before it opens
forget email  this company prefers snapchats with your resume
how a 25-hour gaming binge will raise millions for charity
instagram ads have arrived
the single greatest way to make a subway conductor's day
everything is awesome in official 'lego movie' trailer
everything is awesome in official 'lego movie' trailer
must reads: the 6 #longreads you missed this week  
16 dazzling da de los muertos photos on instagram
how a 25-hour gaming binge will raise millions for charity
10 pro tips for writers using social media
we're discussing best tablets for specific uses today at 2pm et on our #mashtalk hangout. join us:
snowden in letter to germany: 'speaking the truth is not a crime'
nasa flies student experiments in low gravity
apple's ipad air is for sale and other news you need to know this morning
12 reasons you need to stop raiding the employee fridge
marketers are putting their money and confidence in social media
the faa will relax its restrictions on using gadgets during flights
google mystery barge is ... a store for secrets?
you can now talk back to twitter's @magicrecs account
how @biggayicecream used social media to build an empire 
internet both helps and harms teens at risk of suicide
a 21st-century haunted house [comic] 
bing's horror-themed homepage is halloween's best dressed
tech giants urge senate to reform nsa surveillance powers
pumpkin death documented in gory jack-o'-lantern timelapse [video]
show us perfect symmetry for our photo challenge #mashpics
@aurafedora we have the guy in banana suit covered:
25 last-minute d.i.y. halloween costumes
clowns, sharks and chainsaws: what scares us most?
you can now talk back to twitter's @magicrecs account
inside #skybluepink: unlocking the power of social media
americans will spend $6.9 billion on halloween this year
how to make bitstrips comics on facebook  or hide them forever
60+ events in mobile strategy, marketing, big data and more
10 literally effortless halloween costume ideas
'welcome to night vale' is the eerie podcast you're dying to hear
15 vintage video games you can play on your iphone
dark matter eludes scientists in first results from super-sensitive detector
25 last-minute halloween costumes for procrastinators
giant dinosaur movements digitally recreated for first time
lightning detector system tracks storms in western africa
world's first bitcoin atm opens in vancouver, canada
u.s. government has only met half of its transparency commitments
12 late authors and their 21st century guilty pleasures
sony announces 21 games available for ps4 on launch day
goosebumps fans, rejoice: @rl_stine says they're "very close" to doing a movie
here's why facebook had a stellar q3:
facebook stock jumps 15% after beating q3 earnings
9 creative halloween costumes from your favorite tv characters
10 scary movies starring siri
valve's steam now has more users than xbox live
nsa infiltrates links to yahoo, google data centers worldwide, @washingtonpost reports
5 horrifying facts about spiders
welcome to the team! mt @nycjim just in: im joining @mashable as exec editor and chief content officer.
lenovo's yoga tablet and other news you need to know this morning
25 last-minute halloween costumes for procrastinators
8 scary movies you can watch online right now
how to balance your personal and professional lives on twitter
disney villains plea their case in 'chicago' parody
kitten delivery promotion leads to uber cat shortage
garage where steve jobs started apple designated as historic site
barnes and noble unveils ultra-light nook glowlight e-reader [photos]
baseball is much cooler when played in halloween costumes [video]
if you want to talk like a silicon valley ceo, learn this phrase
20 outstanding @nba twitter accounts you should follow this season
google glass design upgrade revealed
the case for no iphone case
how to turn off twitter's new photo preview feature
the garage where steve jobs started apple has been designated as a historic landmark
"photos in promoted tweets just became display ads."
pinterest introduces related pins
beyonce photobomb is the greatest selfie of all time
this is why your facebook feed is overrun with giraffes
apple's iphone 5c was never meant to be entry-level, says cook
17 spooky mashups for your halloween dance party
'x-men: days of future past' trailer asks mutants to 'hope again' [video]
sol republic tracks air: modular headphones with a wireless twist [hands on]
sandy was our social storm, but at what cost?
nokia sells record 8.8 million lumia smartphones in q3
26 amazing halloween costumes to make you regret procrastinating
18 travel quotes to feed your sense of wanderlust
os x mavericks: a free os worth paying for [review]
this family brought out the best in the internet
silicon supercapacitor powers phones for weeks on single charge
starbucks now lets you buy coffee for a friend via twitter 
google glass gets an upgrade -
social media app lets you live vicariously through friends' experiences [video]
the ipad era hasn't turned your kids into screen-time zombies yet
why #apples first retail store in brazil is actually a really big deal
kamikaze swordfish boards boat, chases fisherman into sea [video]
apple spaceship campus designer recounts working with steve jobs [video]
google glass gets upgrade, lets you invite 3 friends
apple sold 33.8 million iphones in q4, stock drops 5%
childhood video surfaces, proves mckayla maroney is not, never was, and never will be impressed.
'dexter' is coming to netflix on halloween
'it's britney, witch' parody shows off spears' spooky side
long-lost 'star wars' bloopers revealed [video] - 
remembering hurricane sandy in photos:
katniss freaks out in final '@thehungergames: catching fire' trailer [video]
never-before-seen footage from 'star wars' appears on facebook
this guy just made flip phones cool again
starbucks is launching a program that lets you send $5 gift cards via twitter
13 reasons bowl cuts were the worst
who's helping celebrities go viral?
how to make freelancing work for you
thermoelectric bracelet heats or cools your body in one switch
captcha fail: researchers crack the web's most popular turing test
apple's spaceship campus will have a flying saucer auditorium
culture jamming: who's helping celebrities go viral?
halloween proven to increase literacy rates [comic] 
photos of white nexus 5 smartphone leak online
vine challenge: time travel
12 pumpkins that yolo'ed too hard
how to make freelancing work for you
thermoelectric bracelet lets you control your body temperature
revenge is best served with an electronic beat [video]
shoot a magical skyscape for our photo challenge #mashpics
5 games you should play this weekend
14 facebook tools you didn't know existed
banedad is the new, crankier batdad
.@facebook reportedly offered $1 billion to acquire @snapchat
5 games you should play this weekend
top 10 tech this week
liberate gifs from the web with an old, weird technology
.@britneyspears pairs topless album cover with intimate letter
nikon releases cryptic teaser for new dslr camera
book activites and get travel tips from @jack and @toryburch on this site -
find out who's watching you online with mozilla lightbeam
this is one resume employers will want to read
the 10 most-followed brands on instagram
google may already be launching floating data centers off u.s. coasts
ps4 will require day-one patch to play dvds and blu-rays
what the halloween candy you give out says about you [comic] 
morgan freeman doesn't know what the stupid fox says either
how to get started with vine sessions and time travel
paranoid about your digital footprint? mozilla lightbeam shows who's watching you online
10 free and festive halloween e-cards
10 reasons you should stop complaining about baby photos on facebook
8 apps to beautify your pinterest quotes
google wants you to live 170 years
remember the 1993 live-action movie 'super mario bros.'? @tomhanks almost played the title role.
the 20 scariest google street view sightings
'seinfeld' laugh track turns 'the ring' into a slapstick comedy -
who wins in the battle for power on the internet?
'murder, she wrote' reboot to star octavia spencer
the flaming lips fake break up on twitter
apple's business model is backwards  and it works like crazy. 
star wars episode vii will now be written by jj abrams and lawrence kasdan - 
twitter hires nbc's @vivianschiller as head of news partnerships
here's what instagram ads will look like
'top chef' web series 'last chance kitchen' returns after emmy win [video]
analysts: bigger, powerful 'ipad pro' is on the horizon
behold: the tweeting bra
the true test of nerd knowledge [comic]
hurricane sandy in photos: 1 year later
if you thought the microsoft tablets at fox were big...
what would the characters of harry potter read
the 20 scariest google street view sightings
15 geeks confess their deepest, darkest secrets
the shocking effect of climate change on 6 different continents
breaking pad: bryan cranston narrates first ipad air commercial
'electronic blood' could power next-generation computers
eric schmidt: the future of magazines is on tablets
new equity crowdfunding rules could change startup game
how to pitch yourself as an expert to the media
careful, hunters: peta's drones may be watching you
israel and hamas break silence and communicate via twitter
how to do a clean install of os x mavericks
apple's making of the mac pro video is pure tech porn
interactive tool reveals fascinating facts about your u.s. senator
linkedin: our future is mobile
lg reveals the fireweb, its first firefox smartphone
google street view to map out 400,000 graves at arlington cemetery
ask a dev: what's the big deal with the new ipads?
apple's new ipads and other news you need to know this morning
carve a pumpkin for this week's vine challenge
how to raise your @klout score - and why you should
the evolution of the ipod
galaxy gear to become compatible with galaxy s4, s3 and more
.@stylesaint started with community, then scaled to fashion brand
how @tristanwalker is tackling tech's diversity problem -
glow-in-the-dark spray could make night driving safer
family and fun always comes first for batdad [video]
jeff bezos' commercial space startup to launch sub-orbital flights
